*Hi guys I posted this over at relationship advice. My update got removed so I will post the original story, as well as the two updates here as a big all in one story. Sorry for any gramatical and spelling errors. I had uploaded this story one time but it was removed due to my account being "younger" than 120 hours.*

**Edit : people have asked why I post this so much. The reason I just that I want to keep you updated. This is just a comprimed story of all what happened. The story on AITA was removed because it violated rule 8. And the mods on RA informed me that they had to remove it unless I can verify myself with some sort of social media. I just looked for a sub where I can keep all the beautiful people that supported me so much in the loop.**

**Edit 2: Guys i really appreciate you wanting to support us . But we don't need donations! We are luckily good off and have a support net around us. I appreciate the sentiment and am very touched by your support and that all I really need.**

**Also here is**  [The graduation story I promised (New)](https://www.reddit.com/user/paperweightfairy/comments/crfemk/hulk_smash_graduation_cake/)

&#x200B;

# Part 1

My fiancee and I have been together for 8 years and engaged for 3. I was doing my PhD program and was juggling planning the wedding. My fiancee took much of that work, but it was perfect because our dream venue was booked till after my graduation. So what we did is book our dream venue 3 years in advance. It is really a beautiful venue. The only slot we got was September of this year. My sister got engaged a few months ago to her fiancee. They were planning on having a spring wedding next year. They had no venue lined up, but had a few vendors lined up as well as a set date. 

Yesterday our parents invited us and our SO\\\`s to a family bbq, where my sister announced to our extended family, that she is expecting . Everyone was so happy for her and my BIL ( who is a great guy).My Nan asked my sister if the wedding was still on the set date or if they were going to wait, because of the  baby  She said no that she hoped to move it to September.NBD. We don't have many out of town guest so they could attend to both weddings no problem.Nan was happy and asked sister if she needed help planning such a short notice wedding .

My sister then turns around and said\*"Thats what i wanted to talk to you about. I was really really hoping we could kinda like take your venue ? I really can not stress myself too much with planing a wedding while going to maternity classes. And i think it is so beautiful! It would really mean a lot to me"\*.

It went silent. But everyone was looking at me expecting me to say

*"yes of course everything for my little sister !"*. My BIL looked very uncomfortable and told her that they had talked about this and that it was not okay to put me on the spot . But my sister just said " \*Don't be like that! My sister wants to do whats best for me so its no big deal right?"\*I just said " *well it kind of is. I don't know . I have my heart really set on the venue*"Cue the crying. She stormed off.Nan told me that i was being selfish because she needed the venue more than I did.

I tried to defend myself and my mother said " *you waited 3 years. Would it have killed you to wait a few more moths? When has your sister ever asked you for something?*"A few comments later my fiance got really mad and we left. My sister called me crying and said that it was unfair that I always get what I want and that i could have done this one thing for her.  Dad said it is just a venue and what matters is the person who you are marrying. He is kid of right... but we have been planing for so long .

My fiance is furious with my family and doesn't even want my sister to come. Now my family is threatening not to come because I am being selfish and my sister needs it more than me because having a baby is too stressful.

&#x200B;

# Part 2

My BIL called me and apologized for the inconvenience. He told me he had discussed it with my sister and she had told him she would not ask. He is properly mad with her now and warned me that my sister is blaming me for "potentially ruining her marriage".

My father has sent me about 5 text along the lines of"I hope you are happy your sister hasn't stopped crying since yesterday"And so on and so on. My fiance and I have decided to boot my sister from the bridal party and replace her with my aunt who is the only family member that took my side. We have not decided whether or not we will invite my family as a whole.Furthermore my mom took it upon her to tell on us. She called fiancés parents and told them, that it would be best if my sister gets it because she is pregnant and pre-eclampsia runs in the family. Whatever that means.

My future father in law told them to fuck off and basically ripped my Mom a new one for expecting something so ridiculous and that they were going to lose me if they keept playing favorites.So my mom is now crying too and saying that my father in law is an ass.This is just getting so pathetic. It seems straight out of a bad soap opera.My in laws are driving to us currently with some supper and wine and basically told me to not worry and that no matter what happens that they will be my safety net. I cried of happiness

# Part 3

So it hasn't been that long. But this post blew the hell up. I was expecting only a few answers but the support was overwhelming.What boggled my mind is that this story flooded over to mainstream media.But let's get to the story.So since this went viral a lot happened.

**My Sister**

My sister saw this story while browsing on her reddit acc. She lost her mind. She accused me of painting her like a looney and misinterpreting facts. ^((Info: My sister got wind of the situation due to various Media outlets and went on reddit) )

She said that I was being unfair. That she is family and that she asked it nicely because she loves me.She also underlines the fact that the opinion of internet strangers doesn't count because family is more important and I should focus on making my family happy.The only text I sent back was this.

*I am sorry that you percived it that way. I did not in any matter distort what happened. As you might notice I didn't describe your tone nor exaggerated anything. Perhaps you have that night different in your mind than I do, but I digress.*

*I am sick and tired to bending to your will. My whole life I have been your servant and your doormat. Remember all the birthdays I had to share with you because you would throw a tantrum because you didn't get presents? Or when you cried so that I would fill out job applications for you? But the thing that has hurt me most till now is when you ruined my graduation.*

*I am done. I admit that I also spoiled you but I will not any longer. If you want to marry so bad before your baby is born then you could look at \[hotel x\] that offers last minute weddings. I have spent too much time planing MY wedding to gift it to you.And if you want to ruin our relationship over this  then go ahead. I will sleep sound and safe knowing that it wasn't my fault.*

She only sent me a*wow.... You must love me so very much*

And blocked me. She unblocked me this morning to sent me this

[Wedding planner : Hello dear, I got the message from your mother and will proceed with the rebooking of the venue on the spot . However this will have extra costs as we have to change the names on the contract. Please come by my office tommorow so we can sign the new contract.  / Sister: Thats great ! I'll be there at 9!](https://imgur.com/gallery/q9X0Ma1)

**My Parents**My parents haven't actually written me since the thing with my father in law.My older brother ^((yes I have an older brother but he lives in another city and wasn't at the BBQ, that's why I didn't mention him. Plus he initially could not come to the wedding because of work and changed his plans after hearing about all the story))

Contacted me and wanted to know what happened because he got a weird story from mom and dad. *Mom had told him that I had offered previous to the BBQ to give up the venue to my sister and that I humiliated her*

I told him what really happened and he had no problem believing me. We talked a lot about our parents behavior and he confessed that him moving was partly due to our parents being, and I quote, *shit heads* to us.He told me that mom had gotten wind from the post and was mad at me for betraying my family.I haven't written my parents what so many of you adviced me to because I have to come to terms with the fact that they love my sister more than me (if they love me at all)

**The wedding**

We sat together and put passwords with majority of our vendors and also with the venue directly. ^((we didn't talk to our planner yet which is why the text of my sister worries me so much))

Also we canceled the catering that my parents paid for. So short term we won't be able to get a full catering like we wanted to. But all our friends and my fiancés family will help us prepare a buffet (and everyone is going to chip in). That will be our bachelor party. As we will have to spent more on our food now we canceled our bachelor parties and will have a family and friends cooking session.

Thank you again for helping me see how toxic my family is. I will try to sort it out. If they apologize from the bottom of their heart they will be allowed into my wedding but if not... Then well... I still have my brother (who will be walking me down to the aisle) and my aunt.

# Part 4

We called my planner and she was actually really horrified. She told me she never had as much as talked to my mother since the day we went to book the venue. She assured me that even if they were to call and say that I wanted it, I had to be present to make any changes. So we informed everyone that will work for us on our wedding and they offered to hire security for that day at a reduced price/nI made this account just to post this cause they wont stop bugging me.

Backstory: So my parents disowned me for being an Athiest (my family is very religious, they will lock at you like trash if you say you dont believe in a god). They kicked me out and didn't supported me thru college my last year of college, and I havent spoken to them for almost 3 years now. 

Just a few weeks ago I got word from my cousin that my little sister got hospitalized due to dengue so I went to visit her when she was about to be discharged. When I got there it was just my sister in the room. I asked where my parents were and she said that they were trying to raise funds for the hospital bill. Turns out my parents medical insurance didnt covered most of the hospital bill and left a large out of pocket (around 26,000 philipine pesos, if there are any filipinos out there you know is this a large amount already). Fortunately I was able to save up alot of the past year. So I went ahead and paid for it. When my parents came back I told them its already been paid for and that we're just waiting for the discharge orders. The first questions they ask is why was I there and where did I got the money from. I explained my our cousin told me what happened and that I was saving money for my little sister's college. They didnt even thanked me and the next question they asked is how much money I have saved. I didnt gave them the amount but they insisted I should give it to them since my sister is living with them. I told them no and that I will give it to my sister personally once she enters college (its her last year of high school). That wasnt good enough for them, they keep saying "they need the money" but wont even specify what the money would be for. I still didnt budge. A week pasted and they still dont stop bugging me, calling me ungreatful to them as my parent so on and so forth, even asking my girlfriend to have her talk to me about giving them the money.

Edit: Okay.. Wow.. I really didnt thought this would get much attention I really just want to vent off some steam by sharing this. Thanks for the advices, reddit silver, gold and platinum/nBear with me here people, I'm on mobile.


About a year ago, I was running a small video game tournament in the small company I owned. The wait list had a full list of 16 people, and it was fine until one person ruined it for all.

EP: take a guess 
EK: yea
Me: lmao

So we were starting up the games when a dad ran in to the store with his son.


EP: were here for the tournament

Me: oh sorry, but the list is full. 

EP : well then, make some room.

Me: I cant do tha-

EP: listen, I can get you fired with the push of a button.

Me: how?

EP: I have been friends with the CEO of this company for a long time.

Me: then call him.

I watch him make a fake phone call then hang up.

EP: he says your fired.

Me: that's funny, considering I am the CEO.

EP's look of shock still makes me laugh to this day.

/nIf you guys want to see what plagiarism looks like, take a peek at this guy who stole this very story: https://www.tickld.com/outrageous/2475254/wake-that-kid-so-my-boy-can-have-her-toy-entitled-mom-and-brat-sons-vile-behavior-comes-back-to-bite-them/

Edited into paragraphs. Sorry for the initial text block guys. 

Note: I‘m German so this is translated. This also happened a month back and I‘m recalling the events. Long story, bear with me, you will be shaking your heads. 

I‘m a 21yo female babysitter and I have this girl (let’s call her Mia) whom I watch at least once a week plus whenever the parents ask me to help out. Mia is 8 now and I started babysitting her when she was four months, yes, I was 14 at the time. The family is great and Mia is a really really easy kid. We are like sisters. 

I never rose my rate so keep in mind that I have been working for 1,50€ (about $1.70) per hour for roughly eight years. And could expect a 20€ ($24) giftcard for both my birthday and Christmas. I‘m a babysitter for fun not for money and I‘m true to that. What I earn just about covers expenses, I have an actual job that’s paying for my life after all. 

When Mia is with me for an entire Saturday, we go on daytrips. She loves shopping and sightseeing so I mostly take her around to bigger cities. This is where this story starts. 

We are on the bus on an hour drive to the next bigger city. Taking the car meant stress for me as I don’t like driving and the train was more expensive. Though both would have been a 30/40mins ride, Mia and I like to go by bus. This private bus company has perks, on this particular day I paid 10€ ($12) for a return ticket, Mia being under 10yo went for free. Plus they wait for you on the way back (but causing delays results in fees).

Anyway, we are on the bus and per usual, I brought my old Nintendo DSi for her to play with. I can do whatever, she plays happily, it’s a win. Until this entitled mom (EM) and her 10yo boy come along. 

They take the seats right behind ours. No problem, right? Wrong. 
It doesn’t take long for the boy to notice the console and the racing game Mia was somewhat fixed on.

Boy to EM: Mom, I want to play!

EM: Well, go ahead.

I thought he would like get our attention and ask nicely. Nope. The boy jumps up from his seat, reaches over Mia‘s lean and tries to snatch the game from above. 
He gets hold of it for a moment but the hand strap stops him. 
I made sure Mia’s wrist was fine and the game not broken from the rough move then I turn around, stopping the boy from another attempt. 

Me: Young man, that wasn’t nice.

EM: He just wants to play. Let him play, too.

Me: Teach your child to ask properly and I will consider.

EM: Don’t tell me how to parent, kid!

Boy: Mom, I want that game!

EM: In a minute, sweety.

Me: No. It’s not yours and I‘m asking you to leave us alone. 

I sit back down, hoping to have heard the end of it. Way wrong. 
Mia‘s seat shakes a few times. The boy is kicking her seat. She asks him to stop, he continues. I warn the mom I would tell the drivers (there are always two on one bus, just in case).

EM: He is bored. Give him the game and he will stop. 

I immediately get up, quickly help Mia change into another row then go to the front and explain the situation when I hear Mia yelling. 

Mia: Let go!

I turn around, this boy has one hand on the game and the other pulling her hair. 
EM is smirking in satisfaction as the boy rips the hand sling off Mia and returns into his seat, holding the game. 

I immediately storm at him and grab it back without a word. He starts crying and screaming loudly. I don’t care. It’s 8am, this was supposed to be a happy girls day out. Now I had Mia in tears and a bratty son with his entitled mom on my hands. 

EM: You give that back right now! My son was playing it!

Bus driver two comes to our rescue, practically pushed the woman and her son into the last row, asking us to take seats up front to separate us as far as possible. 

EM was advised to use some common sense that this was not her game and thus not hers to decide over. 
I didn’t quite listen any more but heard something from the lines of

EM: My son only wanted to try the game, these girls were unfairly rude to him! I demand an apology. 

I hide my hand and give her the finger. Not that EM could see. Mia snickers. Whoops. My bad. Mia saw. But Mia was already smiling and starting the game again. 

Fast forward to the end of a successful shopping spree. 

We were signed for the last bus back, 7pm departure, and ten minutes early. I let Mia choose the seats as per usual. Pretty much up front. 

There were two other couples waiting already and a third arriving with us. All seemed fine until the driver (I noticed it were the same drivers again) announced we couldn’t leave. Two people were missing but they would call them to either hurry to the bus or decline their seats. It would just be a few more minutes. 

Or not. We had to wait for them. Company policy. 
7:35pm my nightmare comes true. EM and son walk up to the bus, not hurrying at all, ice cream cones in hand. 
No messy food on the bus. They have to finish outside. Again not hurrying in any way. 

7:45pm. Headcount. We can finally drive back. Everyone on board is annoyed by the delay. EM and son probably took the seats in the other isle yet right behind us on purpose but I wasn’t going to say anything yet. Lesson learned, I hoped. 

Bus driver two was driving now. Driver one (DO) comes up to the mom. 

DO: M‘am, sorry to bother you, but you caused a 45 minutes delay and according to our terms and conditions, the company will fine you for that. 

EM: Fine me? What, for a few minutes? No way. I was told there would be a ride home waiting for us and that’s it. 

DO: I‘m sorry, but you knew that beforehand. It is in our ts&cs. 

EM: No one told me that.

DO: You agreed to it, m‘am. The company will mail you everything, I need your ID please. 

EM: No. 

DO: I‘m afraid I will have to involve police then. 
He goes back into his seat. 

The boy shows up next to me. 

Boy: I want that game.

Me: I told you no this morning. It’s still no. 

He pulls a sad face but goes back to his mom. 
It’s semi dark outside, Mia is lying spread over her seat and my lab. Not that I cared, she was tired and I expected her to fall asleep while playing. And she did, face buried in my jacket that she had folded like a pillow on my lab. 
I turn the game off but with the sling on Mia’s wrist, I can’t put it away. 

EM suddenly hovers above me. 

EM: She is done playing. 

Me: So?

EM: My son can play now. 

Me: No, he can’t. It’s my game. 

EM: Come on, just give it to him. He wants it and you are too old for it anyway. 

Me: I don’t care, it’s my game. I said no so please leave me alone now. 

EM: What gives you the right?!

She’s practically yelling. I‘m worried she might wake Mia and that I could end up with a cranky tired child. 

Me: I own it. Do me a favor and don‘t wake her.

EM: She is asleep she doesn’t need the game now!

Me: M‘am, the game is tied to her wrist, I would have to wake her to get it and in any way, I would be playing then. Not your son. It is my game and if I have to tell you again, I will ask the drivers for help. You know I‘ll do it. 

Driver one turns around to us, giving her a stern look. I figured he was listening. 
EM and son moved a few rows back. I thought she was defeated. Again I was wrong. 

A few minutes later, I was occupied with my phone, texting back and forth with a friend. I wasn’t paying attention to anything else but watching Mia didn’t fall off the seats whenever she moved. 

I didn’t think much of the tiny hand on my leg at first since Mia’s left arm was somewhere around there. 

Then Mia shoots up with an eardrum shattering scream. I nearly drop my phone in shock. 
There is the boy right between my legs. He had crawled up under our seats from behind to come up and probably try to snatch the game. That was his hand on my leg. And Mia had woken up to him staring right into her face mere centimeters away. 

The driver was cool enough not to cause an accident due to the scream but stopped the bus as soon as he could. 

Both drivers were furious. The boy was crying. EM is screaming at Mia and I for making him cry. All while I‘m unable to grasp the situation for a moment, holding the shaking 8yo. 

A man from the other couples gets up and manages to somehow silence the situation entirely.

EM: This selfish girl scared my baby! She purposely screamed right into his face!

DO: M‘am, why was your son underneath her seat?

EM: I want this girl off the bus now!

DT (driver two): M‘am please answer the question. Why wasn’t your son seated?

EM: He is a good child, he can do whatever he want!

Boy in tears: I want the game, mommy!

EM towards me: You owe my child that game now, bi*ch!

I ignored the insult. I had to calm Mia, trying not to explode in anger myself. I was so mad, I wanted to punch something. 

The boy tried to reach for the game again. I had had it with him. Admittedly, I didn’t want to push him away as hard as I did and I know I shouldn’t have pushed him back at all but since he only fell against his mother, I couldn’t have cared less. 

I got up, face bright red, taking deep breaths as to not completely losing it. 

Me: You listen here kid, don’t you dare to touch us or our game again! 

EM: You hurt my baby!

Me: You better be glad he is underage, m‘am, otherwise he would be facing charges now. Multiple attempts to steal my game, for starters. And the way he crawled up beneath us, I could probably make a sexual assault out of that. Also, child protective services would be very interested to learn you even encouraged your son.

Yes, I could have done that with him underage but let’s be honest, he was probably the victim of this woman’s miserable parental guidance. And I wasn’t going to ruin his life more though then and there I very much wanted to. 

EM: You have no right to talk to me like that! Your brat made my baby cry, you owe him that game now, he deserves it! He is a good kid!

She wanted to get past me herself now. Behind me, Mia still had the game. I didn’t care for the game itself anymore but she would probably hurt Mia trying to take it.

Now, I‘m 5'9" and roughly 70kg. I’m one straight noodle and I really don’t look like much. But I‘m the only girl on an all male rugby team. I take on guys bigger and older than her. And Mia knows that, she has seen me play. 

Mia: Do your trick!

My trick. I can throw people over out of a stand pretty bad. That’s my standard move. But I couldn’t do that now. I had already overreacted pushing the boy. 

Both drivers and the man held the woman back. She was screaming and trashing around, throwing punches and insults all over while demanding I gave her son that game. 

The two other men came to help taming her. 
It took a while until she gave in and sat down. 

Finally, I thought once more, we could get home. I had already told Mia’s mom that we would be back late due to delay but nothing more since our departure. 

So I have Mia huddled over the seats again, shaking, but sunken into the game again and I take my phone out to let her mom now we would be even later. 

That’s when I hear EM whisper into her phone. She is obviously telling police some story about a stolen toy, child abuse, being threatened and cornered by several men and being too scared to ask for an early drop-off somewhere around. 
She was absolutely exaggerating and presenting her own twisted version of the story. 

I asked Mia to let me up and I go to tell the drivers. They looked mortified to say the least and contacted police and their office themselves as well. 

Now I had to type that out for Mia’s mom as short as possible, I didn’t want her to freak about police at the drop off since she was coming to pick us up. 

Fast forward 45 mins later. Eight cops are waiting for us, an ambulance, Mia’s mom who seemed to have introduced herself to police already along with some elderly man - who was there to pick up one of the couples. 

Mia is happy again, which I was overly thankful for. I was scared dead for this to have some traumatic impact on her. It could have been partly my fault for exploding. She had never really been in trouble hence had never seen me mad.
Mia runs up to her mom, I follow with our shopping bag. 

EM and son are questioned separately in the ambulance, the rest of us has to answer questions as well. The drivers back us up with the bus surveillance cameras. 

EM is busted. Both she and her child are banned to ride with the company, she faces charged for a handful of things, encouraging her son to theft, false accusations and attacking me among them.

At home, Mia proudly presented her new fabrics (I have a sewing machine which we work on on rainy days) and shirts. All within the shopping money her mom gave her for the day, I pay for myself.

In the end I got off with a warning for pushing the boy, EM pressed charges that were dropped due to the circumstances. The judge figured I was protecting Mia and my property in a heated situation and that the boy‘s prior actions had made it necessary for me to step in. 

EM was fined for the entire delay she and her son had caused (1hr 18mins in total), was ordered to accept family assistance, and child protective services were to look over the family situation as well. 

Mia wasn’t effected in any way. 
Mia’s mother was quite understanding and doubled my Christmas giftcard. I guess it was somewhat an apology or a thanks, she said it was because I risked charges to protect her daughter and taught her to stand up and be strong.

This weekend, we went on another trip. Boarding the bus heading out, I see a boy in line who looks oddly familiar but the man at his side doesn’t. I forget about it. We drive off. 

Mia smiles widely as I pull the DSi game from my handbag. Two minutes later: the boy. The f*ing boy!

Boy: Give me that!

Me, unsure if it really is him: How do you ask for things that aren’t yours, young man?

Boy: I want that game. Now!

Me: No, sorry. Too rude. Go mind your manners please. 

Boy: Daaaad! She won’t give it to me again!

This bulky man gets up from his seat. To my luck, one of the drivers is driver two from the month before. He recognizes the boy and me. 

DT: Young man, I need to see your ID please. Where is your parent?

Father: My son only asked to try the game, sir. 

DT: Yep. That’s why he got banned last month. You have to get off this bus or I will have to call the police. 

Father: I bought tickets for this! I have the right to drive!

Police was called straight away. We stopped. The father got arrested for resisting police and fraud. Turns out both he and his son had signed in under fake names, also his son was 11yo by now and needed a ticket but was signed as 10yo and didn’t have one. 

Driver two came to me to apologize and see how we were doing. I told him no apology was necessary, I wasn’t sure about the boy myself first. I thanked him for resolving the situation immediately. 

There were a few more kids on the bus this time and Mia took over the last row with three other kids, sharing the game, taking turns. They had no trouble at all the entire ride through and I exchanged contacts with their parents. 

We are going to meet up in a funhouse next week. Friends were made. 
That’s how easy it can be. 

Honestly though, even on the second ride, had the boy asked nicely, I would have left the choice to Mia whether or not she wanted to share. After all, it could have been an opportunity to make a friend and people deserve second chances if you ask me. But no. They felt like he had the right to have my game because he simply wanted it. He was rude, the parents were worse. I have no bad feelings for getting them kicked off the bus. However I feel bad for the boy, it wasn’t exactly his fault if he didn’t know better./nHello again!
I posted a story about my aunt ruining my sister's birthday day before yesterday. Turns out she or her daughter is on reddit and are subscribed to r/entitledparents and read the story. 
This is what happened last night-
(EM- entitled mom who's my aunt, EC- her daughter, s- my sister)

EM called my dad last night at about 11, when my dad was half asleep. 


EM- How could you do this to us? Aren't we family? Why did you shame us like this? It was so many years ago? Couldn't you just let it go?


And my dad no idea what she's going on about so he asks her what has happened.
To which she tells him that we posted on Reddit about my sister's birthday.

My dad doesn't know and doesn't care what Reddit is and asks what's the big deal? 


EM- Wow so your daughters do things without telling you? You should keep an eye on them, don't let them get out of hand. You should have taught them manners. (my name) just exposed us and shamed us online. 


Dad- what are you saying? How did she expose you? She hasn't even talked to you in years. 


EM- she posted a story about us and as soon as EC read it we knew it was about us. 
(I haven't divulged any names in that story, not even mine.)


Dad asks me if I did that and why. So it took a total of 15-20 mins to explain dad what reddit is and what I did. I tell him that I have just narrated a story  and haven't exposed  her identity in any way. 
So dad just hands me the phone so I can Explain it to her. 


As soon as I say hello EM starts screaming at me so loudly that it can be heard outside the phone. 

EM- you bitch how could you do that? Who do you think you are? You poison my child and then make it up as if I was overreacting? Take that post down now. And apologize for it on that sub reddit. If you don't I know gonna sue you.


WTF I'm so angry that I just say no, I won't do anything of that sort. And that I would to see how you can sue me all the way from California.


EM then proceeds to call me and my sister a whore and similar things.

My dad takes away the Phone and asks her to not ever contact any of us again and blocks her. 

So hey there AUNT SHEILA hope y'all read this. 

EDIT- THE LINK TO PREVIOUS POST
https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/akpa3g/sisters_birthday_ruined_by_entitled_birthday_and/?utm_source=reddit-android/nThis encounter happened about 7 months ago. I do not want to insult your intelligence, because you most likely already know what EM and Me stands for, but I should say that EK in this story stands for embarrassed kid and OG stands for old gentleman (60-some year old guy). The kid was very polite and sorry, so this story isn't about him. Also, I'm translating this into english, so bear with me.

A little backstory: About a year ago, I was diagnosed with a cancer of the nasal cavity (stage 2). The tumor was quite large, but thankfully benign (Edit: People have pointed out I formulated this wrong. By benign, I wanted to shorten the fact it still did not spread into other tissue, thus it was still 'contained', which is what I thought the word meant. I apologize for my gaps in knowledge.). To get it removed, I first had to undergo agressive chemotherapy to make it smaller. Thanks to the chemo, I had severe alopecia (hair loss), which made most of my hair and even eyebrows and eyelashes fall out. At some point I had to go bald, but I wore a wig, because I didn't want to look like a skinhead/neonazi (I'm 6'4" and pretty muscular, so I thought people would assume).

So once, after a long chemo session in the hospital, I took the bus home. There's only 1 bus that goes from the hospital to where I live, so I took that one only to see it was absolutely packed. I felt like shit thanks to the chemo, so I asked a middle aged dude to let me sit. He was very understanding and gave me his spot without complaining (if you're reading this, thanks bro). 2 stops later, enter EM, a lovely whale with an "I demand a parley with the CEO" haircut and a 12-some year old kid. It took her roughly 5 seconds to see the bus was packed, start looking for a free seat, spot me and start marching (or, in her case, trying to fit in the aisle between the seats while shoving others aside) to me.

When I saw her, I knew I was screwed. She then stood next to me and decided to talk to me. This is the conversation that followed:

EM: Hey, could you let my kid sit down?
Me: You mean me?
EM: Who else?
Me: Oh, I'm sorry, but I'm on my way from the hospital and-
EM: (cutting me off) So are we (nonsense, the stop was a few kilometres away from the hospital), my boy just broke his leg and we're coming straight from the ER (her kid was standing next to her, without any suport, clearly embarrassed)
Me: He's standing next to you completely fine
EM: Look here, BOY (I am 21 YO), my kid DESERVES to sit down
Me: Look madam, I'm sorry, but I just got back from a chemo session in the hospital and I need to sit down and rest (I then moved my wig a bit to let her see my bald head)

-EM then straight up started yelling in my face-

EM: STOP MAKING EXCUSES AND GET OFF THE F&#@ING  SEAT  YOU F@$&ING SKINHEAD PIECE OF S**T!!!

-At this point, I was baffled. I didn't know what to say, the kid was trying to make his mother stop and we had the attention of the whole bus. She then grabbed me and tried to yank me from my seat. I held on tight and thankfully didn't fall off. Now, enter OG, my saviour.-

OG: WILL YOU SHUT THE F&#K UP YOU DUMB COW?!?
EM: WHO DO YOU THINK YOU'RE TALKING TO?!?
OG: (with ice-cold voice) Stop assaulting other passengers or I will be forced to step in. Also, every dumb moron could see that the dude has cancer.
EM: NO, HE'S JUST A F&@#ING SKINHEAD.
OG: He's got NO EYEBROWS YOU TWAT!

-Seems like that REALLY offended EM, because she spun around on the spot and threw a falcon punch in OG's face. I was shocked and in disbelief, the whole bus was flabbergasted and the kid probably wished he'd never been born. OG then said something unbelievable and a golden, sweet karma moment followed.-

OG: Ok, that does it. Harassing passengers on the bus, physical assault aggainst a passenger and now assaulting an officer. You're in deep trouble lady. 


OG then pulled out a badge and told her to stay where she was. Then he pulled out his phone, called someone and told her she was being arrested. I couldn't believe it, OG was a bloody cop. At this point, EM was as white as a wall. The bus had just come to a stop, so she decided she'd make a run for it, but other passengers blocked her way (she then also got charged with resisting arrest thanks to this). 3 stops later, a police car was waiting for the EM and EK. EK told me he was sorry for his mother's behaviour and I felt really sorry for the kid (he wasn't a bad child, but his mother was a hellspawn). OG then talked to me and asked me if I wanted to press charges (to which I gladly said yes), took a statement, and thankfully was kind enough to let me solve everything on the phone, so I didn't have to come to the police station for questioning.

In the end, EM got some jailtime (I think it was a few months) and some community service. I, in return, got a good story to tell and the sweet taste of instant karma.

Right now, I'm riding the same bus home, as I just got back home from the hospital after a checkup, which reminded me of this. A friend, who's sitting next to me, told me I should post it here. He, as much as myself, also couldn't believe that such people exised, but it seems I proved it to him.

I should also note that the surgery went well, I was declared cancer-free in november and my hair is slowly returning. Also, I don't need to wear a wig anymore.

Edit1: Spelling errors

Edit2: Thank you, kind stranger, for my first ever silver!

Edit3: Holy, thanks a million for the gold! Never had one before, now I'll need to learn, what it does.

Edit4: Platinum... I can't even... my fellow redditor, you are a legend and I thank you from the bottom of my heart. I'd also like to thank everybody for their positive comments. You guys made my day and I'm sorry that I cannot respond to all of them. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart./nSo this is my second story. Little background im a Iraqi war vet and I believe in teaching the women and girls in my life to defend themselves with impunity. So at the very young age of 4 I have been teaching my child to defend herself. 

Story time:
Im at work one day and I get this call from my daughters school. I go out side to answer the phone and the convo goes like this

(Cast) 
Me: Terminator
P: principal

P: Hello Terminator i need you to come pick up baby Terminator

Me: Can I ask what this is about?

P: Yes your child has been in a fight and needs to leave the school premise

Me: What do you mean she's been in a fight? What happened? I mean she wouldnt just pick a fight

P: Well from what we can tell EK was running up behind her and grabing her butt. She apparently warned him to stop and when he wouldnt knocked him out cold

Me: So im confused what is happening to the boy then?

P: Well your daughter seems to be the aggressor and we need her to leave and she is gonna be suspended

Now my child at the time lived with my ex-wife and i had heard from thr ex that my kid was having an issue with this boy for a while now and I knew my daughter had gone through many times telling on him to no resolve. I also knew that he had been told many times by teachers to stop and hadn't. 

Me: Wait so nothing is gonna happen to the boy who has been sexually assaulting my daughter for X amount of time?

P: Well Mr. Terminator she did strike him once and knocked him out. She needs to learn violence is not the answer. She needed to bring it up to the attention of a teacher. 

Me: Ok so what I am hearing is your school is saying its ok the sexually assault a girl and that the girl in question needs to just be a victim of assault over and over again or be punished. Is that about the jist of it.

Now i hear silence as the principal mulls over what I have just said. I can tell they are trying to justify this weak tea bullshit. I compose my self.

Me: So heres whats gonna happen next. You can either punish both or punish nonr of them. Because i promise you the last thing you want is me in my dress A's and tv reporters showing up and blasting your whole school over this. Now I can understand that her punching this brat is unacceptable. But what I will not take and niether will she is him not being punished as well. Do i make my self clear.

P: (silence)

Me: Also why are you calling me and not her mother?

P: Well Mr. Terminator she told us to call you. 

Me: You listen to me and listen good. I swear to you and God i will not put up with this. I demeand a meeting with you, her teacher and this boys family. If I cant make it my ex wife will. If this isn't resolved to my liking I will bring a holy hell upon this whole stick house youve built. Do you understand me?

P: Yes sir

Me: Good. Call my ex let her know the time and date. We will cordinate from there

I hang up and call my ex. She agrees with me and I go back to work. About a work week later there is a meeting but unfortunately I have work and my ex has to go in for me. From what I am told this boys family tries to play it off as "boys will be boys" and tries to get my daughter expelled. There are times when I remember why I married my ex and this is one of them. She proceeds to tell them that the last thing any of them want is me to get more involved than i already have and that if i have too i will bring it all burning down. Every brick. 

Out come was both were suspended for 4 days and the boy moved to a different class. And I never got a call like that again. 

Moral of the story my kids a bad ass and got a cake for sticking up for her self and a lot of love on both ends of me and my ex.

Edit: Sorry for not being clear. She was 7 and a half at the time of the incident.

Edit 2: For those who dont believe me thats fine. I have nothing to prove or answer for on reddit of all places. Believe me or not. Call me names or don't. I didn't write this for upvotes, gold, or silver. I wanted to brag about my kid doing what i thought was the right thing./nThis is an exact C&P of a post I made yesterday that you all seemed to like but the mods removed (and then didn’t tell me why) so here you go :) 

(Apologies for spelling mistakes and grammar mistakes, English is not my first language :D) 

This is a pretty long one but I believe it’s worth it :P

Me = the smexy beast writing this post 

EA = Entitled Aunt 

EK = Entitled Kid 

Mum = (I’ll leave you to figure that one out ;)) 

So a little bit of background first: 

EA and my mum used to get along good (well... as good as two sisters usually get on) but when EA had a kid almost all contact was dropped between them and she now only calls my mum to ask for “a small loan of (insert large amount of money here)” or other favours like her driving down to look after her EK for a day (she lives over 4 hours away) but “you can’t stay the night as I don’t have room” and gets offended when my mum declines. 

Anyway so as a sort of ‘olive branch’ (my mum got quite ill a few months prior and had one of those moments where she didn’t want any regrets when she died) my mum invited EA and her EK around for a few nights so they can catch up and whatnot.

So I’m waiting at the door, the car pulls up out front and I open the door when she rings the bell. 

Me: *opens door* “Hey Aunty Mar-“

Ea: “Hold this *shoves bag in my face which I take*” 

I kind of write this off since it WAS a 4 hour journey with a, most likely screaming, child. 

My mum and EA proceed to exchange pleasantries but I notice my mum is doing basically all the niceties (“how was your journey?” Etc. (Not really important to the story I just like to show that she’s not a nice lady)) 

Anyway so a few minutes go by, I make some Tea and a hot chocolate for EK (he didn’t ask for it, I was just being nice). 

EK: “it’s cold” 

It’s steaming at the top so I know he’s lying. 

Me: *laughs awkwardly and sits down* 

EK: *blinks at me* “it’s still cold” 

At this point I realise he’s not joking 

Me: “EK I can see the steam. It’s not cold.” 

EA: “oh he just watched ratatouille [for those of you who don’t know, ratatouille is an animated film about a chef rat] and is trying to be like *name of some character from the film*. Be a dear and remake one for him.” 

(Side note: from what I remember his character never says the food’s cold? But I could be wrong) 

I kind of sit still for a bit, not sure if she’s serious. 

EA: “now please! *laughs at EK who gleefully holds up his cup*” 

Now it should be noted at this point that my mum let it happen since she was desperate to get on with her sister. But that will change later don’t worry ;). 

Me: *knowing my mum wants this to work out* “sure whatever” 

I go into the kitchen and set down the mug out of view, rattle around with spoons and jugs and bring the same hot chocolate back. The kid is fine with it but EA? Oh no! 

EA: “you didn’t remake that! I just saw you put that on the side and bring it back out!” 

EK: *stops drinking* “MUMMYYYYY I WANT A HOT ONE!!” 

EA: “don’t worry hunny you’ll get a hot one” 

At this point I’m just annoyed, the kid was fine with it EA was just being a dick. 

Me: “well the microwave is in there *motions towards kitchen* knock yourself out” 

So I don’t cause a scene I leave the room and go upstairs to my room. Now recently I’ve started playing a new game on my PC called ‘Bioshock 2’ (for those of you who don’t know, it’s a horror game that takes place underwater) now a key point to both this story and the game is that in the game there are little girls who run around called “little sisters” and their job is to collect resources from dead bodies around the various game levels. Each one is protected by a huge man in a diving suit known as ‘big daddies’ which are usually referred to by the little sisters as ‘daddy’ or ‘mr bubbles’ (for whatever reason, idk xD) and in the second game you play as one of these big daddies and have to defend these little girls whilst they harvest the resources (if you’ve played the game or are super intelligent you probably know where this is going). 

Anyway so I boot up the game and begin playing, a few minutes pass and I assume EK gets bored because I hear him scampering upstairs and (without knocking) enters my room. 

Me: *knowing the game is quite gruesome and I shouldn’t play it in front of him, pauses the game* “hey! Could you please knock next time?” 

EK: “I don’t have to knock at home” 

Me: “you’re not at home” 

EK: *ignoring this* What’re you playing?” 

Me: “An adult game” 

EK: “but you’re not an adult!” 

Me: “aha you got me!” 

I don’t like him much but I get he’s a kid and, although he’s annoying as hell, I do recognise that I’ve got to bear with him a little bit since he’s only about 5-6 and doesn’t really know any better than to be annoying and squeaky. 

EK: “can you play some please?” 

Me: “not with you here mate, as I said, it’s an adult game” 

He storms out, slamming my door behind him. I was a bit confused since I, though annoyed, understood why I wasn’t allowed to play certain games when I was his age. 

A few moments pass and (this is where it gets a tad unbelievable so fair enough if you wanna call BS xD) in the game I set the little sister down and she begins harvesting the body and several enemies attack, attempting to get the little sister, just as I here footsteps coming up the stairs. I have a little eyerole as I know exactly what’s about to happen, it’s EA. 

She stands outside my door for a few seconds, I assume thinking of something to say, but I give it no thought. 

Just as she’s about to walk in (without knocking I might add) the little sister in the game gets attacked and lets out a high pitched “DADDY!” asking me (her guardian) for help. Now at the time I didn’t really think much of it as I know full well what I’m doing, whereas all EA knows at this point is that I’m a 16 year old boy and she knows full well what most 16 year old boys are... ‘motivated’... by. 

EA: *banging hand on door* “WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU!?” 

Me: “huh?” 

EA: *barges into room* [which if she thought I really WAS doing the thing guys do is pretty creepy] “WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU SHOW MY ANGEL?!” 

Me: *pauses game* “oh he asked to see the game and I said no since it’s an 18” 

EA: “DON’T LIE TO ME YOU LITTLE SHIT! HE JUST CAME DOWNSTAIRS CRYING BECAUSE YOU PLAYED AN ADAULT THING IN FRONT OF HIM!” 

Me: “what?? EA this is a game!” 

EA: “I JUST HEARD A WOMAN MOANING IN HERE! DON’T LIE TO ME!” 

Me: “what you HEARD was a character in the game. If you sit down I’ll show you!” 

At this point EK is at the door and wonders in 

EK: *points to pause screen* “that’s it!” 

Me: “I’ll play some of it for you to prove it’s not porn if you just sit down.” *gestures to bed* 

I’d like to point out that I wasn’t being aggressive at all during this. She was screaming at me and I was talking normally. 

Both of them take a seat on my bed. 

Me: “you might want to tell EK to leave, it’s a grown up game.” 

EA: *still angry but a little quieter* “if it’s good enough for you it’s good enough for him!” 

Me: *realising that didn’t actually make much says, plays the game anyway* 

BIG mistake. 

(Now I understand that I wasn’t smart in this situation and didn’t really think it through) I then proceeded to show her and her little brat about 2 minutes of me blowing enemies heads off with a shotgun and a huge drill (I did mention before it was gruesome). 

I paused, turned around and realised my mistake. EA looked mortified, however EK looked fine. 

EA: “WHAT KIND OF SICK PORN IS THAT!!?!?”

I was surprised, surely she couldn’t be that stupid, I was expecting her to flip out because I showed it in front of her kid. But no. She still thought it was some kind of kink I had. Because why wouldn’t you *eye role*. 

Me: “EA, it’s clearly not porn!” 

EA: “I’M TELLING YOUR MOTHER RIGHT NOW! AND WE’RE TAKING YOUR XBOX RIGHT NOW AS COMPENSATION!” 

(I decided not to point out that it was a PC not an Xbox) 

EA points to my monitor and holds out her hand like she expects to be able to carry like that and that I’d just give it over. 

Me: “wtf. No way!” 

EK: “I want it mummyyyy!” 

EA: “you can have it sweety” *to me* “Give it NOW!” 

Me: “no! Get the fuck out of here crazy lady!” 

EA tries to grab the monitor and I smack her arm away

EA: “DID YOU JUST HIT MY CHILD YOU FAT SLOB!” 

Me: “FUCK OFF NOW!” 

EA storms downstairs, dragging EK by the wrist and I hear her yelling at my mum downstairs. Calling her a bitch and whatnot for letting me have a computer for “that filth”. 

I hear a thud and rush downstairs, worried. Luckily it was only her EK having a tantrum on the floor. I’m watching from the staircase and EA hasn’t noticed me yet. 

EA: “what kind of shitty parenting are you doing! I demand to having his Xbox and we’re sleeping in his room tonight!” 

Mum: “look can everyone please just calm dow-“ 

My aunt slaps my mum. This is where I lose my shit. Now I’m 6’1” and am taller than my aunt by about a foot I’m also not particularly muscly but am quite big and, when wearing the correct clothes, can look like I am. 

Me: *emerging from staircase* “Out. Now.” 

EA: *ignoring what I said* “and YOU! LISTEN HERE BUDD-“ 

Me: “OUT. NOW.” 

EA: “what?!” 

Me: “GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE NOW AND IF YOU COME BACK I’LL CALL THE POLICE!” 

At this point I’m about 2 feet away from her and she realises exactly how tall and (supposedly) muscly I am. 

(It’s also worth noting that I’d NEVER have touched her or her son in a violent way, but she didn’t know that.) 

EA: “You can’t do tha-!” 

Me: “I CAN! YOU AND YOUR LITTLE SHIT STAIN YOU CALL A SON GET OUT OF MY HOUSE RIGHT NOW OR I’LL MAKE YOU!” 

EA: “We’re family!” 

I was shocked at this. Like how can she even consider making that excuse when my mum was currently crying with a big red mark on her cheek.

Me: “Get. Out. NOW!” 

EA, realising she’s beaten begins grabbing her things and tells EK to get his shoes on so she can tie them. 

Me: “Nope. Out.” *points to door* 

EA: “YES YES! I’M GETTING HIS SHOES ON YOU DICK!” 

Me: “PUT THEM ON IN THE CAR NOW FUCK OFF!” 

EA moves towards the door and I open it for her, she’s grabbing EK’s wrist and is practically dragging him along whilst he wails that he wants my game. I throw a bag she forgot onto the ground and slam the door behind me. 

I immediately check on my mum who’s sobbing quietly clutching her face, she was fine and I think it was mostly shock but she was understandably devastated. She spoke to me later that night and gave me a huge hug, thanking me. 

Needless to say we didn’t hear from EA for several months until she apologised a few weeks ago and proceeded to ask for money. My mum blocked her. 

Thanks for reading the whole thing (if you did), I’d love to say this story is fake but unfortunately it’s not and I really am related to that asshole. 

EDIT: since everyone was asking I’ll just put it here, my mum’s fine now. She was diagnosed with cancer and went through chemo so wasn’t ‘herself’ for a while. Normally she’d have hit her back but she was mostly upset not because the visit was a failure but more because of what the visit represented. She’s fine now :) /nI saw this today and I can't stop laughing 

I was traveling in my city metro. It wasn't that much crowded at that time, but all the seats were occupied. Still, you could freely stand without being humped by a stranger. 

There was this kid sitting in the reserved seats( the ones for people with handicaps, pregnant women and old people, definitely not for moms of 2 year olds). He was probably 14 or 15,idk. He is the hero of the story here

Then at one stop, our EM comes in. She has this cute little child who was trying to keep up with his mom's pace.  

EM instantly sees our hero sitting at the reserved seat and just stares at him. I guess this was her way to make people automatically give away their seats or something. The kid didn't move though. This probably irked EM a lot I guess, cause she moved towards the kid with heavy steps. 

She comes near him, stop and again does the stare. The kid doesn't budge. 

Then she starts screaming. If she didn't have the whole compartments attention earlier she had it now. She starts berating the kid for sitting in a reserved seat and not giving it for someone more deserving like a mother like herself with a young kid (idk what her logic was. The seats aren't reserved for them anyways). She just keeps shouting and screaming and tries to get others opinion on it and for a while people were on her side. 

Then the kid, out of nowhere, rolls right side of his jeans up and detaches the artificial leg and keeps it infront of EM. 

The look on her face was priceless. It looked like she was mortified and embarrassed at the same time. She just backed away silently. And just got off on the next stop. I don't think that was her stop./nI used to work in a small chain of Bookstores/Stationery shops. We’d sell books, pens, paper and so on. It was a quirky little store, straight out of a romantic love novella (or a Stephen King book, if you prefer).

This happened a few years ago and I reconstruct it from my memory. While trying to be as accurate as possible I can’t guarantee it.

The cast of this play:

EM: Entitled Mother

LG: ~~a South Korean~~ ~~multinational~~ ~~conglomerate~~ ~~corporation~~ little girl

Me: ~~a virtue example of a working class hero~~ just me

ND: Nice dad (of little girl)

The Story:

EM walks into the store with LG. It’s rather early in the morning. EM looks around, asks me if I could watch her child.

Me: “Oh no, I’m terrible with children, sorry”

EM tells me that its not for that long and I shouldn’t be such a fuss about it. I still politely refuse. Its not my job to watch children, I’m afraid to do something wrong. What happens? EM leaves the store, who do I find hidden in the corner? LG who seems to be rather shy/fearful.

This happened back in a time before everyone had smartphones. The kid obviously didn’t had a mobile on it, I suspected the mother also wouldn’t. Wasn’t to surprised that LG didn’t knew the number of their landline. I sigh. What are you gonna do? If something happens to that kid while being in the store and you being the only present employee you’re gonna have a bad time.

Me: “Hey girl, what’s your name?”

LG: “(her name)”

Me: “I’m (my name and surname)”

LG, happy like only kids can be if they think they did something smart or they knew something: “My surname is (surname).”

Now this rang a bell. I had a good customer with the same surname. It turns out that its her dad. I didn’t get paid enough to babysit. In fact I didn’t even got paid enough to do my normal work. I call her dad at his workplace since we saved that number in our system. The call went along those lines:

Me: “Hi ND, here’s Me from bookstore XY”

ND: “Oh hi (me), how’s it going? I don’t remember having any open orders.”

Me: “Yeah, erm, look, listen, do you have a daughter?”

ND, confused: “Yes why do you ask?”

Me: “What’s her name?” (I just wanted to ensure its really her dad and not just a stupid coincidence. If I think now about it, LG told me its her dad, so I don’t know why I wasn’t sure)

ND apologizes for EMs behavior and tells me he’s gonna pick LG up as soon as possible.

While waiting for ND I picked up one of our sale-books (box with damaged books that we try to sell with huge discount before throwing away), a picture book from Disney. LG tries to read a little, I read a little.

ND arrives, LG runs to him and hugs him, crying that mommy was mean to her. ND soothes her and thanks me for babysitting her. He gives me a bottle of wine and buys something small from the store.

ND: “If EM shows up again, could you not tell her that I picked up LG?”

Me: “What. Why?”

ND: “If you don’t feel like it you don’t need to. Its rather complicated and you already did so much for us”

ND leaves. In the evening EM shows up. Just to point out – she dropped LG at about 09:00. It was 17:45.

EM: “Where’s my daughter?”

Me, already chugged about half the bottle of wine and thus a little boozed: “Your WHAT?”

EM: “My daughter. I dropped her in this store and you where here.”

Me, way to drunk for work (but already decided to go for another job or homeless, both would have been better): “YOUR WHAT?”

EM was on the edge. Thus I did what I thought was the smartest thing to do:

Me: “A guy came into the store and picked her up. He seemed nice. Gave me some wine for her”

At this point I expected her to explode/attack me, but she just left the store.

A few weeks pass and ND and LG come to the store. Both happy to see me. ND asks me If I got a few minutes. An excuse not to work? Obviously I took the time for…customer service. Gave LG the same book we’ve read the last time and had a talk with ND.

EM and ND where in the middle of a divorce when EM dropped LG at our store. One of the reasons ND wanted a divorce was that EM “wasn’t nice” to LG. Now in my country as a male it’s rather hard to get custody for your child. No matter what. LG wanted to be with ND but that doesn’t matters. EM dropping LG in our store was a gift of the heavens. ND took LG to his sister over night, EM pretended that LG was sleeping at one of her friends. ND wanted to call them just to ensure that LG is fine. EM didn’t wanted that. LG friend didn’t knew where LG is. EM claimed she dropped LG at LGs friend. ND faked panic and involved the police. EM insisted that LGs friend kidnapped LG. Police asked ND and EM separately and ND told the police what happened. EM still insisted on her dropping LG at LGs friend. ND had proof of it being otherwise since he already called the police when he dropped LG at his sisters house.

Now in court ND apparently said something like “EM can have all she want, even my wine collection. I just want to be with my daughter.” EM, knowing that ND didn’t had any money left and had some quite expensive wines agreed. Daughter ended up with ND, mother paying alimony. What EM didn’t knew: ND was replacing his wine collection before the divorce with the cheapest wines he could find at different discounters, gifting away the expensive ones. He knew that EM either is gonna take everything from him or will break his wine collection.

We both laugh, I gifted the book to LG who seemed very happy. When EM dropped her she was shy, seemed small and now she had such a big smile on her face and was curious for everything. She could read much better than a few weeks ago. She seemed like a bird taking of to fly towards the sun.

&#x200B;

I absolutely hated my job. But situations like these make me a little bit nostalgic. Somehow I miss direct interactions with customers. On the other hand  I don't. I obviously don't./nObligatory I’m on mobile, English is my first language feel free to point out any grammatical errors.

So a little back story is in order. I have 2 young adult children living at home ages 18 & 19. They both work and go to college. I trust my kids, I trust their decision making skills. When they graduated high school and turned 18 new rules went into place.  No curfew, just call me and let me know if you are going to be out all night so I don’t worry. You can call me at any time for a pick up no questions asked just don’t be stupid and drink and drive. Yes your SO can sleep over or come over for the weekend just let me know what’s going on. Pay a small rent during the summer when you are working full time and pay your part of the car insurance. You have your chores I have mine. We all work together. I tell them if they are being assholes and they listen, in turn I listen to them. There is very little fighting or arguing in my house.  This is their time to spread their wings and learn how to be a responsible adult and have me as a safety net. 

Lately one of my kids SO’s has been spending a lot of time over my house, he is here pretty much all the time. Two days ago I got a phone call from a number I didn’t recognize and I answered it was my daughter’s boyfriends mother. 

Me= me
EM= entitled mom 

Me: Hello?

EM: You need to tell my kid he isn’t allowed over your house anymore!!! 

Me: Who is this?

EM: This is “Tommy’s” Mother!!!!! 

Me: (I already know where this is going)  OH! Tommy’s Mom! I have to say you have raised a great kid! He is always polite and respectful. In fact...

EM: LOOK! I don’t care WHAT you think about my kid!! He is never at home!! He isn’t spending any time with meeee! 

Me: Okay? There isn’t much I can do about that....

EM: Yes there is! Tell him he can’t come over to your house anymore!!!  I WaNt HiM hOMe!!! AND YOU!!!! YOU SET A BAD EXAMPLE FOR MY SON!!! YOUR DAUGHTER HAS NO CURFEW AND I AM SICK AND TIRED HEARING HOW nIcE IT IS AT YOUR HOUSE! I miiisssssss him and want him home!!!

Me speaking very lowly and basically growling into the phone: Are you done yelling at me?

Em:......... ( I think I stunned her into silence) 

Me: I will take that as a yes. Do you trust the way you raised your son? 

EM: What???

Me: it’s a simple question, do you trust the way you raised your son??? 

EM: OF COURSE I DO!!! What does that have to do with anything??? 

Me: do you trust him to make good decisions? 

EM: YES!!! Yes of course. (She is starting to calm down now) 

Me: mother to mother, I know things are not okay at your house right now. ( her husband drinks a lot)  I am trying to give your child a safe place when things are not okay at your house. (She starts to cut me off at this point but I won’t let her) Its not your fault. 

EM: .......

Me: he throws your son out for days at a time sometimes doesn’t he? 

EM: yes (I can hear her choking back the tears) 

Me: do you need someone to talk to? Would you want to go out to lunch? That way you can feel safer knowing whose house your son is at and that he is safe? 

EM: that would be ok. 

We were on the phone for about an hour after that. What started out as an EM was just a scared woman feeling very very alone.  

Sorry there wasn’t any righteous retribution but I think it turned out ok. I am going to try and get 19 year old Tommy’s curfew changed from 10pm to midnight and maybe he can stay over for a weekend.

EDIT: this really blew up overnight! Thank you for the platinum, gold and silver! I will try to respond to all the messages!

EDIT: for the people saying my post is bull, I had a lot of information as to what was going on at Tommy’s house before that phone call and frankly I have been through some of my own stuff with abusive relationships it’s a very hard road to be on./nLong ago, way back in the before-time, I worked for one of those bulk warehouse club stores. 

My trade was simple: I was a wrangler of the silver buffalo, and dutifully retrieve the ol' ghetto strollers I did.

The job in-and-of itself wasn't the worst I'd ever had; I got plenty of exercise, got to be outside and generally didn't have to interact with the 'members' (calling them customers was taboo) for the most part.

For the *most part*.

The thing about this job is that the company I worked for had a- reputation- for being cheap. Thusly, more often than not, I was on my own out in the parking lot.

"Big whoop," you might say. "You gathered carts? You should see how hard MY job is!"

Yeah, well... Shut up. This is *my* story, butt-munch.

I digress. The reason that being alone sucked is that this store didn't have just one kind of cart. Hell, they didn't even just have TWO kinds of carts. You had your classic garden variety cart, the kiddie-cart with the plastic facade to make it resemble a car, the electric scooters (which weren't supposed to leave the store, but did so with alarming frequency), and finally, the bulky, hard-to-control flatbeds. On top of that, whenever someone needed help loading their haul into their minivans, I was the guy they called. You know, because the greeters, cashiers, and managers were all *busy*.

As you might expect, one man cannot be in multiple places at once, and as a result,  on some of our busier days it became incredibly difficult to keep enough carts in the vestibule.

Our story begins on one of these days...



So there I was, chugging along like a good worker drone, struggling to keep up with the sheer volume of people coming in to buy cheap bulk goods. Sure enough, I get a call on the radio:

Manager - "[*sktchh*] Top_Gorilla17..? We need you to help some members load their purchases. [*sktchh*]"

Me -"Uh, I'd love to, but I'm barely able to keep up out here as is..."

Manager - "[*sktchh*] Just do it, Top_Gorilla17. You can afford to stop gathering carts for two minutes. [*sktchh*]"

Ron Howard - "*He couldn't.*"

I didn't want to push my luck, so I complied. After spending 20 minutes loading people's purchases because when one person needs it, suddenly they ALL need it, I came back to find my vestibule a near-ghost town, save for a single line of carts that was half-gone, and... The *Karen*.

I won't waste time describing this specimen. She was the prototype. You know what she looked like.

There she stood, menacing, tapping her foot with such speed that could make any metal drummer green with envy... You could collect the contempt in her gaze in a jar.

Karen - "Where are the big flat ones?"

I blanked for a moment.

Me - "I'm sorry?"

Karen - "Ugh. *Mexicans*..."

For the record, I'm very much white.

Karen - "WHERE. ARE. THE. FLAT ONES."

Me - "Oh, you mean the flatbeds. I'm sorry, I was just helping some other members load their merchanise and haven't had a chance to-"

Karen - "OH MY GOD, I don't care about your excuses, you have ONE JOB, and a TRAINED. MONKEY. Could do it!"

I just want this lady out of my face, so I don't fight it.

Me - "Sorry ma'am. I'll grab one from the parking lot for you..."

Karen - "You'd *better*..."

So I go back out to the lot and find a whole line of flatbeds sticking out of a corral blocking several parking spaces. I push them all into the vestibule where she waits, huffing about how I'm wasting her valuable time. I separate one from the rest and bring it to her.

Me - "I'm terribly sorry about the wait, ma'am."

She leers at me with utter malice.

Karen - "Hmmph. Unbelievable..."

And with that, she dismisses herself into the store, where she will be someone else's problem. I shake my head and return to doing what I'm paid to do.

About fifteen minutes later, I'm returning a line of carts when I see her pushing her flatbed to her Miata and jawwing about 'stupid people' (most certainly referring to me) on her cell phone. You know what she had bought? What she had insisted on having a flatbed for?

A *cake.*

This wasn't even like, a *big* cake. It was one of those little circular numbers, like [this](https://ajugglingmom.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Mickey-and-Minnie-Party-08.jpg).

Anyways, I witness as she continues to yammer on about how I nearly ruined- *RUINED* I TELL YOU- her precious baby's birthday party, when the most glorious thing happened: 

Still clutching her phone with those jai-alai scoop claws of hers, she attempts to pick up the cake with one hand, the plastic topper pops off, and she spills the cake *all over* her undoubtedly expensive designer outfit.

Seething with white-hot rage, she locks eyes with me. 

Karen - "**YOU! GET ME ANOTHER CAKE! NOW!**"

Me - "Terribly sorry ma'am. I've got one job, and these carts won't gather themselves."

I walked away, shit-eating grin plastered on my face as her shrieks faded into the distance behind me. 

I've had my share of nasty customer interactions before, but *this one*...

(•_•)

( •_•)>⌐■-■

(⌐■_■)

*Really took the cake.*

#YEEEEEEAAAAAAAA^AAAAAA^^AAAAAAA^^^AAAAAAAAA^^^^AAAAAAAAAH

Edit: After posting this, a handful of you fine folks suggested that I should write a book. Well, I *did*! PM for the link if you're interested./nBuckle up everyone for this bumpy ride

Okay so I was chilling in my living room around 3am playing some video games. My parents are out of town visiting some friends and I decided to stay home, house to myself and all. So here I am, in nothing but bra and panties, when there's a knock on the door. "wtf?" I think to myself, so I scramble to get my clothes on and I answer the door. It was a family acquaintance with her already whiny little brat. She's also visibly pregnant, and we'll get to why that part is important later

Me: hey name what's going on?

Her: my car broke down and tow company can't come get my car until tomorrow, think me and brat's name can crash here tonight?

Me: Sure you guys can sleep in the living room I let them in

Me: want anything to eat or drink?

Her: Coffee if it's not any trouble?

Me: sure no problem

So I go to make some coffee when I see little shit picking up my controller

Me: hey little guy please put that down

Her: oh can't he play a game?

Me: No I'm in the middle of something plus he wouldn't know how to play the type of game

Her: but he reeeealy wants to, don't you little shit?

Little shit: I WANT TO PLAY!!!!

Me: No, you can't play

Little shit: I WANT TO PLAY I WANT TO PLAY I WANT TO PLAAAAAAAAAAAAAY AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH throws the fucking controller at the tv shattering the screen

Me: WHAT THE FUCK? I rush over to the tv

Her: Hey! Don't you swear at my child!

Me: YOU JUST FUCKING LET HIM DESTROY MY TV LIKE THIS

Her: You're the one who didn't let him play the video game

Me: I said no and you have to teach your brat that he isn't owed JACK SHIT!

Her: how dare you! Just wait until I tell your mother about how you treated him, you'll make a terrible mom

Me: I'm not having kids, but if I did I wouldn't let them be spoiled little shits like brat!

Her: YOU are being the brat right now! Just get a new tv and quit whining

Me: Yeah I'll get a new tv with the money you pay me for the broken tv

Her: WHAT?! But YOU are the one who instigated little shit

Me: You know what just get the fuck out of my house you and your brat are no longer welcome in my house

Her: What the fuck is wrong with you? I'm preeeegant and have a toddler and have nowhere to go, you can't just kick out a stranded pregnant mother and her toddler at 3am in the cold

Me: OH YES I CAN YOU INSUFFERABLE CUNT! Get the FUCK out of my house before I call the cops

Her, picking her brat up and heading towards the door: just wait until I tell your mother about this!

Me: Yeah I'll gladly tell her about what little shit did to the tv and that you refused to pay for it!

Her: You'll regret this! leaves

The next morning I called my parents and explained what happened. They were very understanding because I was never raised to be a spoiled little cumstain and mombie cunt got an earful from my mom that if she didn't pay back we would take her to small claims. She tried to play the "oh woe is me single pregnant mother blah blah blah" shit but it didn't work and she forked over the $500 for the new tv and we cut contact with her

Edit: Incase anyone else was wondering, the reason breeder and her shitstain were out at 3am was because little shit demanded mcdonalds and refused to go to bed unless he got it/nEDIT:

Not sure if anyone will see this hah but thank you so much to everyone who left a supportive comment or message. I just posted this to vent and I didn’t expect any response at all. 

To those that are curious, I have worked through my trauma (which sadly extends beyond my father) and I am in a great place atm. I’ve had therapy, but I’ve also had many wonderful men in my life who modeled what great fathers, partners, and friends actually look like, since I couldn’t learn that at home. For this I am eternally grateful.

ORIGINAL:

I almost burst out laughing when he said that.

For years, he’d come into my bedroom before I slept and molest me. For years, I held the secret because I feared I would not be believed. And then I found out I was right in my fear.

All I have to say to him is this;

You want grandkids? Well, that’s not happening. As long as I live, you will never know your grandchildren. I will put them first and be a better parent than you have ever been. I will surround them with a better family than I had, one that will listen to and believe them no matter the cost because that is what family does.

You want to be a grandpa? You won’t, no matter how long you beg on your knees. You threw me away long ago and it’s too late now./nEdit:

Platinum! Many thanks kind stranger!

Silver too! <3

&#x200B;

Good Morning Reddit, just allow me a few disclaimers before I start.

\-First have in mind that this story takes place in the north of Spain (Asturias) therefore I will try to give the necessary context so the cultural barrier is as little as possible.

\-Second that this is my first post in this community.

\-Third I'm Spanish so please forgive me for any orthografical (edit: it's orthographic /facepalm) or gramatical mistakes (However, feel free to point them out to me if you want)

\-This got longer that I expected, I'm missing an XXXL tag :)

&#x200B;

Now let's get started! First of all i will give out some **context**, so feel free to skipthis and go directly to the story.

This took place a couple of years ago, when I was 17 and I used to spend part of my summers helping in my grandpa's restaurant. The restaurant was located in the bottom floor of our family house in a little village (30 inhabitants) and my great-grandparents (The parents of my mom's mom) lived in the upper floor. In the restaurant my great-grandmother and my grandma were in charge of cooking and my great-grandpartent and grandad were in charge of attending the tables. It was kinda small as it had like 8 tables of four on the inside and we could set another two outside if the weather was good. As the restaurant also served as a bar it was filled with locals and as many of them were retired they used to spend the whole day playing cards and drinking beer/wine, so although it was a small location in summer usually was full of people. Also please have in mind that my great-grandparents founded this restaurant in the year 1941 therefore it was well known and had a good reputation among the locals. I'm also proud to say that my great-grandparents were very loved in their community as they really were great people.

Although it was a quite remote place, in summer we used to get like 4 or 5 groups of tourists per week and the rule was that my brother and I were in charge of serving their tables as we were the only ones who knew any other language than Spanish.

Our opening hours at the time were from 12:00 to 22:30 but the kitchen was only opened from 13:00 to 15:00 and from 19:30 to 21:00. We only served one menu, composed by a starter, two main dishes, dessert and cider or water (10€)

&#x200B;

So now the **story**. For convenience I will use the following abreviations:

Em: Entitled Mother EF: Entitled Father SK: Spoiled Kid (7 years old)  GGP: Great-Grandparent M: Me

&#x200B;

It was arround 16:00 therefore most of the customers had finished eating and were chatting over a cup of coffe or some liquor, my grandparents and great-grandparents were still eating as they waited until everyone was finished. Therefore my brother and I were in charge of serving the tables just in case anyone wanted something else to drink.

&#x200B;

Suddenly we hear a car outside and I can hear a woman loudly speaking in English, as soon as they enter this happens:

EM: We would like to have a table, X from the Y Hotel told us this was a great place to eat.

M: I'm sorry ma'am but the kitchen is already closed as it's kinda late.

EM: Yes it's late because we got lost in this dammned roads! Is it so difficult to put proper signals? Also we have a little kid that is hungry.

M: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that, let me check If I can do something for you. (I then went inside and explained the situation to my grandma who told me to attend them as everything was already prepared and it would be just heating the food)

EM: Well are you going to give us a table or not? If the kitchen is closed how is it that those people are eating (pointing at my grandpas)? (at the moment I thought she was behaving like that because she was kinda hungry and I wasn't really used to dealing with rude people, as the majority of tourists used to be really respectful)

M: Well those are the owners, so they can eat whenever they want. (I said this while laughing a bit) Anyway I have just asked them and you will be able to eat too, so please follow me to your table.

&#x200B;

They follow me to the table and I explain to them that there is only one menu, they give me a strange look but they seem ok with that. I serve them the bread and I put a bottle of water on the table, they start devouring the bread so my "They were a bit rude cause they were hungry" theory seemed to be confirmed.

&#x200B;

As soon as I bring the starter EF demands to have the Wi-Fi password.

EF: Hey, we have seen that there is a Wi-Fi network, which is the password?

M: Yes, there is one. However the Wi-Fi is for the staff personal use. (We had a measured and reeeeally slow connection that had like 5Gb of data which my grandpa used for checking some newspapers and my brother and I used for sending whatsapps to our friends.)

EF: That's bullshit! We are paying customers and we deserve to have access to your Wi-Fi!

EM: Yes, our little angel wants to watch some videos. We don't have any kind of internet access here!

M: Sorry but as I have said it's for personal use.

EM: That's not right, this would be unnaceptable in America

M: Well, I'm sorry to inform you that we are not in America

The EM tells something to the SK and then he starts running arround the restaurant stomping his feet and shouting

My Great Grandparent comes to me and ask me what is happening, I explain the whole situation to him and he ask me to please translate what he is going to say.

GG: Please lady control your child, or I will have to ask you three to leave.

EM: DON'T YOU DARE TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY CHILD YOU DINOSAUR!

EF: DON'T GET CLOSE TO MY CHILD YOU OLD CREEP!

By this point everyone is of course looking with disbelief to these morons.

I doubt for a sec but translate all of this to GG expecting a not really nice reaction.

Instead of saying anything he slowly turns arround and ask two men who are sitting on a table to take the whole family out of his restaurant.

I proceed to explain to the family that if they don't get out, those two men who also happened to be two Guardias Civiles (like rural police forces) would be taking them out.

They don't seem to believe that those two men were policemen and they refused to leave until we served them.

Finally both men stood up, showed their plaques and asked them (in their best English) to leave.

EM EF and SK finally stand up and leave, however as they were leaving the policemen realised that they had parked in front of our garage blocking it (in a zone signaled as a no parking zone) so they decided to ask for their rental car papers while taking a couple of photos and giving them a 200€ fine for blocking a private property garage.

&#x200B;

Okay, this ended up being far longer than I expected. On my behalf I have to say that I have family in the USA and that all Americans I have met in the USA are really nice people so please don't take this as an american-bashing post.

&#x200B;

I hope you all have a good day!/nI'm allergic to fish/seafood. It's not the anaphylactic type of allergy, thank goodness, so I'm not going to die if I eat some but I do throw up, have a stomach ache and a massive headache for a few hours. Enough fish/seafood and I break out in small red hives over my arms.

My mother didn't believe it and as a child, I couldn't stand up to her properly. She'd force me to eat stuff with seafood or fish in it to prove I wasn't allergic, then ignore me as I was sick.

One day, she held a dinner party.  I was dressed up beautifully and trotted out to parade before the guests. At the time, I was around about 9, precocious for my age and absolutely fed up with my mother making me sick. When she held out a fish cutlet (fish cooked with vegetables, rolled into a ball, covered in batter and fried) for me to eat, I saw my chance.

Me, loudly: "I can't eat that, I'm allergic to fish."Mother: "No, you're not. Eat it."Me: "I am allergic! I'll throw up!"

No Asian mother will back down in front of guests for fear of looking like she can't discipline her child. My mother grabbed the fish cutlet, shoved it to my mouth and said in her most firm voice of command, "EAT."

So I ate it.

Cut to about ten minutes later.  I go up to my mother and tug on her sari to get attention.

Me: "I don't feel well-- " BARF.

I vomited on her, on the expensive carpet and in full view of all the guests. My mother has a reputation for being a kind, generous, charitable and very religious woman so in front of all the guests, she couldn't do anything except act sympathetic and send me off to bed to recover.

She never made me eat fish or seafood again.

&#x200B;/n(Mobile) 

So back in high school one of my closest friends got pregnant and gave birth to the sweetest baby boy. She stopped going to school for a while to take care of her kid but still did online school so she could graduate with her class. One thing we would do is go to one of the local food places near the high school on Fridays and today we decided to go to this nice Chinese place that I frequent regularly and the little old asian lady knows me by name. This Chinese place has a sticker on the front door that says something like "breastfeeding will always be allowed" which is great since that's what my friend is more comfortable doing for her baby. 

After we ordered our food and hung out in this little waiting area when the baby gets all fussy. She takes out the little cover and covers her baby and her chest as she starts to feed him. We keep talking until this woman and her son who had to be around 10 comes in. I recognize the kid as one of the kids I looked after when I use to volunteer at a youth center. He comes up to me and starts talking to me and then asks my friend what shes doing with the baby. 

Before my friend could answer the boys mother cuts in. "A disgusting thing is what shes doing. Dont you know better than to do that in public? And why are you even doing that if you're only a kid." 
My friend has an attitude sometimes so I try to jump in before she would start to throw things. "Its not illegal. And mrs. L is fine with it. She has a sticker on the door." 

Mrs. L being the little old asian lady by the counter who was just oogling the baby a second ago. She smiles at us and continues to write some stuff down. The mother wasnt happy about this and continues with her BS. 

"I'm sorry but I'm just not ok with a baby breastfeeding another baby. Can you please just stop." She says in frustration. 
Mrs. L finally cuts in and in her broken english she says "nursing baby is a beautiful thing. You have problem, you leave." 
She then taps the order on the window that leads to the kitchen and apologizes to my friend for the womans nasty behavior. She then looks at the boy who is still next to me and says jokingly. "You're mother, she dummy right?" 

This makes the boy laugh and the mother just grumble in her seat trying to stay as far from us as she could. When my friend finished and we grabbed our food mrs. L threw in an extra order of eggs rolled since they where my friends favorite. Everything was fine until Monday came and I saw the boy again. He pulls me off to the side and tells me that his mom said she doesnt like me or my friend. I just ask him if he still likes me and he says yes. Yay/nSome backstory: I'm in a DnD group with a couple of friends from nearby, and one of the members of the group was a kid who was about 15 years old. He's a really sweet kid, likes helping other people out, and he's a BIG fan of Dungeons and Dragons. He also has cancer in both of his lungs. He's from a religious family that basically forces him to act pure while he's in their sight. The mom is WBC-level rabid, while the dad is just a sensible person who just tries to get him to be a good kid. When he's out of sight of his parents, he just does normal teen stuff. Because of his mom, the only books he was allowed to own were christian books and bibles. He joined our group mainly as a way to escape his home life and his mom. A couple of weeks ago, the cancer in his lungs started to get to him, so he was taken to a hospital by his parents. He contacted me about this a day after he was taken to the hospital, stating that he wanted a Monster Manual as his last wish, stating that he was tired of reading the same things. I bought him the book from Barnes and Noble, but considering that he's a dying teen I got him Volo's Guide to Monsters and Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes stacked on top of that.

The next day, which was his birthday, he was still in the hospital, so I brought him the books as a gift. After he blew out the candles, we had cake and he started opening gifts. Mine was the first to be opened. Seeing what they were, he immediately got this humongous grin on his face and hugged me. Meanwhile, his mom stared down at the books with a look of pure disgust, with her husband staring at her with this wary look in his eyes. She picks up one of the books and relights one of the candles and HOLDS THE DAMN BOOK over it to try and set it on fire. I manage to stop her and demand "What the FUCK are you doing?! He asked me to get those books and I'm not going to let you take them away!". His mom simply stared me down and said something along the lines of the books being 'sinful', 'satanic', and full of evil and that her son had no business with them. I retort and say that her son can read what he wants and that she shouldn't have to force him to be christian. She starts getting red in the face and yelling at me about essentially forcing children to believe in God from a young age. I state that I'm a baptist (which I actually am) and say that faith in God is a matter between God and the individual. She turns red all over and actively starts to try and destroy the books, with me, my friend, and her husband trying to stop her. At one point, I shouted "WOULD GOD WANT YOU TO DO THIS? TO RESTRICT YOUR DYING SON'S FREEDOM OF EXPRESSION?!" right in her face.

This just sets her *fucking ablaze.*

She tosses the books aside and starts trying to STRANGLE her son, and her husband calls security immediately when she does this. Security get here within about a minute of the two of us trying to pry EM off of her son and drag her away, with her shouting that we're all 'catamites to the devil'. Both her husband and my friend charge her with child abuse, assault, and attempted murder. Trial's still going, and I'll try to update this post as the trial goes on.

Edit: Holy SHIT I came back to 300 karma and this with 3K upvotes. Thank you so much for your support!

Edit 2: Whoever just gave me Gold, thank you so much!

Edit 3: Thank you guys for the silver!

Edit 4: Trial was almost a disaster. Me, him, and her husband all prosecuted against her. The moment she saw us she tried to tackle us shouting something about divine retribution, but the officers restrained her. During the whole thing, she kept pinning the blame on me and him, calling us corrupted by sin. Needless to say, she was pronounced guilty of all three charges that I mentioned earlier. The moment she heard this, she went apeshit and tried to attack the judge, but officers tased her to the floor. Now she'll be serving for 20 years for the other three charges, with ten more on top of assaulting a court official. Thank you all for the support you guys gave us!

Edit 5: To all who are wondering, my friend's fine. The cancer is gone from his lungs./nEDIT: Omg thank you guys so much for the support, I was really not expecting this post to blow up like it did, but shit happens. Luv you all, and shout out to u/Boodooper for the silver, much love.

So for some context. I'm a 17 year old male and I work at a Segway tour company. It's actually really fun, I get to ride Segways around the city and talk to people, and get paid to do it! (Plus the tipping isn't bad). So anyway, there was a tour booked a couple of days ago and I came in about 20 minutes early to answer emails and get everything ready. The group shows up, mother and daughter, and that's when things get interesting. 

I'm not going to insult your intelligence by telling you what EP, and ME stand for, but D = daughter and FBI = Federal Bureau of Investigation (just for some useful info).

EP and D come in and I check them in.

ME: Alright I have some waivers for you to sign. D, how old are you?
 
D: Uh, 16.

ME: Ok, then you don't need to sign a waiver.

I ask this because if kids are younger than 18, their parents sign the waivers for them, but EP only heard me say the first part, not when I said D didn't need to sign a waiver, so she thought I was just asking her daughter how old she was. This was probably what started it all.

We go on the tour, and while I'm giving my spiel, EP keeps interrupting me to tell me stuff about D and find if we are compatible.

ME: ...and so this non-profit organization opened in-

EP: Are you in college?

ME: Haha no, I'm a junior in high school.

I'm usually pretty free with info about myself on tours because it helps keep people relaxed and initiates conversations during lulls in the tour. Plus it helps with tipping ;)

EP: Oh, D is also a junior, she is an artist.

Stuff like this keeps happening throughout the tour, and everytime, D gets redder and redder. My mom does this too where she just tells random mall attendants about me, so I know what D is going through and I feel her pain. At the end of the tour, I tell the two of then that they have 15 minutes to go around the town and then they can meet me back at the Segway place. I get back and start getting things set up for their return. They roll in (pardon the pun) and I take their Segways to start charging them.

EP: So what do you think of my daughter?

ME: Pardon me, what?

EP: I saw you checking her out during the tour, are you gonna ask her out?

D: Mom, stop!

ME: Um, ma'am I just recently got out of a relationship and I'm really not lookin for anything right now.

EP: What!?!?

ME: Huh?

EP: Is my daughter not good enough for you!?

ME: No, that's not it, I just said that I just got out of a relation-

EP: You are going to date my daughter and that's final!

ME: You can't tell me what to do! I'm not your kid, and if I don't want to date your daughter I don't have to! Besides, you haven't even asked her if she wants to date me!

D: Yeah, I don't want to date him.

ME: SEE?!?

EP: I'm going to call your boss and tell him about your terrible customer service! You're never going to work in [city name] again!

ME: (pulling out my phone) Alright, you want to call him and explain this situation? How you're trying to force me to date your daughter and get me fired for saying no?

Then I guess the absurdity of the situation finally sunk in, and her face transitioned from pure rage to slight confusion. 

EP: Wait, maybe I don't want to-

ME: No, let's call him. (Start to go through my contacts, and press my bosses name). Lets have this conversation.

EP: I don't think that's a good idea-

(Phone starts ringing)

EP: D, let's go! 

EP runs out the door, D turns to me and says "I'm sorry," and then follows her mom.

I hang up the phone before my boss answers and start cleaning the Segways.  


I have some more stories from my work, y'all tell me if you wanna hear more./nI posted part of this in r/amitheasshole as a recent conflict I will bring up later left me doubting myself but due to so many peoples interest I've decided to elaborate my family’s boundless entitlement here. 

I am currently in custody of my two little sisters (Amy who is 17 and Liza who is 8 - not their real names for obvious reasons - I am a 29 male and we live in Australia – I am Potato as that’s what Liza calls me) and this is basically the story of how my family felt they were entitled to both of my sisters’ bodies and I wouldn't stand for that. I would like to warn anyone who has faced abuse in the past as parts of their story may trigger some people, and to anyone who has faced abuse in the past, I do feel deeply sorry for you. 

The main part of the story takes place about a year ago. I'd moved out 6 years ago at the time and moved to another state for work and study. I was honestly really slack with keeping contact with my family which is probably why this went on so long. When I do think back to the time before I moved out, I didn't treat Amy the best and if I hadn't moved out and had so little contact with my family, I may have turned out just as entitled and as much of a horrible person. I came back to visit for a grandparent’s birthday, after spending so long away I spent the morning catching up with aunts, uncles, cousins, my parents of course and Liza. Now this was actually the first time I’d really realised the oddities of my family. Perhaps it was the change in environment, a few of my roommates had little sisters and whatnot after all, but it was the first time I’d noticed how quiet the little girls of my family were, I guess I’d always just thought of Amy as shy and quiet but my little cousins were so much the same, polite, shy, quiet and obedient. Though at the time I brushed this off. 

 After a few hours, I realised that Amy was nowhere to be seen all day. The party was at my parents’ house so this confused me, and I slipped inside to see if she was cooped up in her room like a lot of 16yo would be, talking to friends or doing assessments. What I found is a memory that will haunt me forever. My oldest uncle on my father’s side, laying over my sister who was quite clearly in a lot of pain and struggling not to cry as he pinned her beneath him. I completely lost it as any brother would, shouting at him to get off her and out of her room. I scared the hell out of both of them but in that moment, I was honestly ready to kill my uncle. 

Amy was pretty messed up in the head when I tried consoling her. She was covered in scares, had a rash that I later found out was an allergic reaction (she was allergic to strawberries) she didn't speak and looked at me as if she expected for me to hurt her too. Her room was dimly lit, the blinds taped closed to her wall, all the things she’d had when I left were gone, leaving her bedroom feeling cold and empty and to add insult to injury, she was a months pregnant. When I demanded an explanation from my parents, they (paraphrasing) said that it was my uncles right and my father simply pointed out one of my 11yo cousins sitting quietly with her parents and told me to have fun. I stormed off back to Amy's room, quietly packed her a bag of necessities and managed to sneak her out of the house and into my car before doing the same with Liza. Part of my wanted to get all my cousins out too, but my main focus was of Amy right now who sat trembling in the back of my car. I drove them both to the closest police station to report what was happening. 

I'll skip most the details of the legal battle that ensued but my family did not take kindly to being outed for what they were doing, it was a tradition that spanned generations and ‘there shouldn’t be anything wrong with tradition’. Amy and Liza were put into temporary foster care, Amy was wreck. To her, everyone could and would hurt her and I got reports every few hours that she was having a panic attack. Three of my uncles went to jail for a very long time, I got a fair bit of money out of a range of family members, full custody of both Amy and Liza (no enforced visitation to their parents), my parents had to pay for any therapy costs, medication and medical needs for both of them. My family was torn in two by this, many of my aunts leaving their husbands with their children after finally having the courage too follow me, uncles who had married into the family took their wives (who had also been abused) and cut off ties. I still keep in contact with these members of my family and I’m grateful for their support and glad that my cousins are safer now. Even some of the older guys who had been brought up thinking it was okay to treat women that way took themselves into counselling once they realised just how messed up it was and I’ve had more then one instance where they admitted to hurting Amy and apologised which I’ve accepted as these cousins did their best to take their siblings or other cousins out of harmful environments. Now I do believe some part of the ruling protected the younger men of the family provided they see some form of mental health professional as they grew up thinking that this was all normal so they didn’t end up in jail but did end up on some list of possible sex offenders, not entirely sure there. No one is sure who fathered Amy’s child but she had her pregnancy terminated as we were told her physical and mental health would not cope with carrying a baby she ultimately would unlikely care for. She did consent at the time and it was brought up by her psychologist once she was doing better and she confirmed that she would have no love for the baby due to the circumstances which she fell pregnant. 

For 6 years, Amy had been physically, xually, mentally and emotionally abused in every way conceivable. This mostly came from my father’s four brothers and brother in law who married into the family, my parents both stood by and let this happen, offering no support for Amy. During the case my uncles argued it was their birthright being born into their family and it was simply 'Amy's rite of passage' before she was married off to one of my uncles’ mates at 18. They used her allergy as a form of torture and manipulation, wanting her to be silent and obedient they would press strawberries against her skin any time she said a word and force her to eat them when she stepped too far out of line. A lot of my aunts from my fathers side admitted to enduring this treatment to, although most of them were lucky and didn’t have allergies to exploit.  

I honestly can't even begin to explain everything that was wrong with Amy because of their behaviour. Liza, for the most part, was okay. She needed a little therapy as she was being groomed into compliance and taught that what she would experience was normal, but Amy had completely shut down, it took two months before I could even get her speaking. She trusts me now and we often sit down, and I let her talk and open up about whatever she feels comfortable too. Her stories often have me struggling to hold back tears while I comfort her. 

I did get Amy a service dog a few months ago, tailored towards the emotional support she needs on a regular bases. Lickity Split honestly is the goodest of good doggo's. She knows exactly when she's needed and is a massive help when it comes to calming Amy's anxiety, especially in public. We've had more than one encounter with unrelated entitled parents thinking they or their kid deserves her dog more than her (let me know if you want these stories published too because I’ve seen people like to read about service dog related incidents) but anyone who does think that can honestly fight me, no one deserves her dog more than her. On one occasion one of my aunts, her husband went to jail, tried taking Lickity Split because 'their money paid for her'. I told her if she ever comes near my property again, I would call the police as there was a restraining order against her towards both my sisters. Later she came back and tried to poison Lickity Split with tainted meat but one of my lovely neighbours caught her and chased her off. Police were called, she is now in jail too after having to pay a fine and some money to me because at this point, I’m pretty well acquainted in the legal system and sued her. 

My family still tried to get my sisters out of my care, reporting me for everything from animal abuse to drug trafficking (they planted drugs in an identical stuffed toy to Amy’s comfort toy a left it in the yard, but Amy would never do that so I knew something was up immediately – home security systems work wonders). I’ve actually become pretty chummy with the local police officers who have to inspect their claims, but they know I’d never do anything to endanger my custody over the girls, they mean the world to me.  I will admit though, I have done things to hurt me bond with them, yelling when stressed and throwing things from time to time but I’m not perfect and Amy has told me that although these moments do scare her, she doesn’t feel endangered being near me when they happen (I also spoil them a little when they do happen). 

Now the reason this ended on aita is because a few weeks ago my mother contacted me saying she wanted to talk. I was hesitant, but agreed and we met up in the next town over (no way I could be followed home) my mother explained how she was in the process of divorcing my father and she wanted to have a relationship with me and my sisters, with emphasis on mending her bond with Amy who had not called her mum in years. She explained how she was pressured into the marriage after she gotten pregnant with me and never wanted that life for her daughters. I flat out told her no (something several members of my family disagreed with) as she could have done literally anything to support Amy emotionally with what was happen – done anything to make her feel better or more secure with what was happening to her but instead she was shunned and isolated except for when she was needed to cook, clean or provide some sort of service to the family, even going as far as to berate her whenever she did try to confide in my mum that she was in pain or scared. Amy was well past her breaking point when I took her and had even planned on killing herself less than a week after my visit. My mother argued that she had the same right as the other members of my family who had left and had contact with my sisters but I told her it was because they were doing it to protect their children and themselves, they didn’t wait a year after losing custody to try and fight for them and I really don’t even need to give a reason, I have custody and she does not. 

Members of aita convinced me that when Amy is in a better place mentally and Liza is older, I bring it up with them, leave the decision in their hands. I’ve been told Amy will be a dependent well after she turns 18, her mind just doesn’t function properly so there is no risk of her mother getting into contact behind my back even when she’s an adult and while Amy does have a phone and a computer, she doesn’t have any social media as she doesn’t what any chance of her family trying to contact her as they’ve threatened her with many forms of torture in the past. 

This story doesn’t have a slam dunk ending, I have my sisters and they’re in a safe environment where they’ll get to grow up as kids. Amy is getting the help she needs and is slowly making her way out of tower she built to protect herself in the only way she could, but she knows there isn’t a rush to come out – I’ll work with her at the pace she sets. She’s still discovering her own interests but quite like just reading a book with a form of fruity tea. She also has a small collection of stuffed animals (mostly build-a-bear) that she adores and takes one with her everywhere – she sensitive to texture so the feeling is a comfort for her – and once a week we sit down to try to find older bears she likes (we only have three build-a-bears on her wish list) and honestly, I’ve loved helping Amy discover herself, she lost a lot of her ability to think and feel for herself during this time and watching her find her favourite book genre or her favourite types of music is a great feeling, knowing how far she’s come and I live for the days she actually manages a smile.  

I’d be willing to answer most question so if you want to know anything, just ask as I want to bring awareness that these things are still happening to other kids but obviously somethings I’d rather keep to myself for the girls sake. 

TL;DR – entitled family feel they have a right to do what they want with my little sister bodies, after I get custody, mother believes she still has a right to see them. 


Edit: First off, thanks for the awards, it means a lot, and thank you for everyone offering your kind words and support. It's honestly really difficult this past year and at times I really do struggle but have to stay strong having my two little girls depend on me so much and the support every has shown is truly the best. 

Some extra notes: Amy was pulled out of school at 10, a few months after I left home. She was kept isolated in her room and had very little meaningful contact. Also, I'm not going to share a photo of Lickity Split as she is a very recognisable dog and not everyone who has contact with Amy and her dog know the full story so I'd rather not draw and links between this story and her real day to day life as she struggles with it enough. 

Edit 2: Wow this blew up over night... Thank you for all the awards and sorry if I don't get back to some people. Also, I'm meeting back up with my mother later to date to talk to her about the possibility of seeing the girls in the future, once Amy is a lot more stable and Liza is old enough to understand what I saved her from and the decision will be entirely theirs.

Edit 3: Answering the commonly asked questions to save myself repeating. Yes I was groomed to but much differently. I was taught I could treat the woman in my family how I wanted but I was never really a violent person and sexually driven, I was a jerk and although I have anger issues at time, taking it out on other people is not something I ever saw effective. My focuses were more on my studying. Some of the other men in my family were the same and were never really abusive. Unfortunately it never really clicked in my head that if I was being taught that, what were they teaching my sisters behind my back? I blame myself fulling because of how long Amy suffered and do my best to make amends for it by showing her love no one else cared to do. 


I am in therapy too, I work closely with my Amy's therapist too so don't worry about my mental well being. I'm looking after me too. 

And for those mentioning BS because I didn't go into detail about all the legal detail, I would go days on just a few hours of sleep during the whole legal battle because I would be looking into every detail I could to know how to help my sisters. Most of it is a messy blurr. I also didn't feel many people would care to listen and I had to chop loads out of my story and still had people saying it was too long. The story is unbelievable, I get that, I wouldn't want to believe it either. You don't need to say it though, just down vote and move a long, I don't care what you choose to believe. 


Amy was pulled out under the premise that she was being homeschooled. I'm not sure how it worked from there. I was never home schooled and I didn't home school the girls. I'm not sure how my family got around DOCs or anything like that, I just know it worked for 6 years.

Update: I've just posted my first EM doggo stories for those who were interested.


Update 2: Posted the second EP doggo story./nSo I teach 8th grade, and a few months ago I had a female student come up to me in private and tell me that a male student in her class was sexually harassing her. She shows me text messages that he has sent her detailing highly graphic sexual things be wants to do to her, and tells me some of the things he's said to her when they are in the halls  She tells me that she has asked him to stop repeatedly and but he is still doing it, and she wants me to help keep him away from her in my class.

So before I file a report to have guidance and admin investigate the issue I spend a class period keeping a close eye on the two of them to see if I can confirm or deny anything she's saying. Once I'm looking for it, I observe the male student doing things like licking his lips at her from the other side of the room, hovering around her, and finding reasons to walk past her desk. I personally overhear him make a sexual comment about her to another student. Based on what I've seen, I go ahead with referring the boy to admin for sexual harassment and  make contact with parents of both students to inform them that the issue will be investigated by the school and possible disciplinary action will be taken.

I don't make direct contact with the boy's mother but i leave her a voicemail and ask that she call me back.

The next day I'm in my planning period and I get a call from the office saying there's a parent there for a meeting.

Now, our policy is that parent meetings must be scheduled in advance and logged with the office. I don't have any meetings scheduled today, but I have time so I decide to go and see what's up.

It turns out to be the male student's mother in the office. She very nicely asks if we can talk face to face about what's going on, and for some dumb reason I agree, even though usually we like to have another teacher or staff member present for meetings.

So we go in a conference room and I go over the allegations (avoiding names). I tell her that a female student has accused her son of sexual harassment and I saw enough evidence in class to refer it to the office for investigation. 

EM: Now what exactly did you hear? Because I know my son- he would never harass a girl. He might say something stupid that got taken the wrong way, but that's just not who he is. So what exactly did you hear him say? I want to know what this girl is saying about him. 

Me: I saw him licking his lips at her and overheard him say to another boy that he wanted to 'ride that ass all night'.

EM: what do you mean licking his lips? He gets chapped lips, he might not be doing it to harass some girl. She can't just say things about him and try to ruin his life- I know my son and he is not that kind of person, no matter what some girl says.

Me: Well, admin and guidance are going to investigate and based on what they find they'll be in touch with you.

EM: So wait what did you tell them? You can't just go and say '(boy's name) is harassing girls' based on what one person says. He's already been suspended twice, and now you're going to get him expelled just because some girl wants to get him in trouble for no reason?

Now I'm thinking ugh why did I do this. Mom is getting worked up, I have no one else there and my next class starts soon. I repeat that I just reported the things the girl said and the things I saw, and that it'll be investigated. I reiterate that I'm not the one making any final decision and if she has an issue she needs to talk to the principal.

EM: Well (Principal) hates (son's name). She's not going to listen. You need to go and tell them that this is all nonsense. You saw him licking his lips because they were chapped, I'm not going to have all this 'harassment' bullshit. 

Me: Again, if you have an issue I'm not the one to talk to. I just reported what I saw. They'll look into it.

EM: But you didn't see anything and you need to tell them that. I'm telling you- I know my son, and you've got this all wrong. If he gets in expelled because you don't know what you saw its going to be your fault.

I eventually talk her down enough to get her to leave.

I report to admin that parent is hostile about the accusations and go about my day. They end up investigating and finding hard evidence that he was actually sexually harassing 3 different girls. Boy got expelled. /nI mentioned this in passing in the comments of another post of mine but people seemed to want an explanation so:

I'm a surf instructor at a surf school on the beach. It was the end of the day, I had just finished my final class, I'd done 5 x hour long classes in a row and I was covered in water and wet sand so I just wanted to get the thing off me and maybe go for a swim before I left the beach. I was in the surf shack we're based in with 3 coworkers, who I'll call Sam, Joe and Mick. Names changed but Sam in real life has an equally gender neutral name.

I texted my boyfriend, who confirmed he was 5 minutes away. I'd already finished my part of the closing up process so while Sam put the closed sign on the door and locked up the filing cabinet and Joe and Mick sorted out the wetsuits and put the boards back in their holders, I left the boys to finish up and went to the changing area to strip off my wetsuit. I'd gotten down to my tankini, when I heard a loud, nasally, American accented voice.

EM: EXCUSE ME? HELLO? SERVICE PLEASE?

Seeing the boys were occupied, I pulled on my skirt and went to the door. EM did not look like a stereotypical Karen. Long hair, tan, wearing a bikini with a big floppy beach hat and a sarong around her waist. Her daughter was with her, looked around 10-12 years old and like her mum's Mini-Me, but she didn't speak once during this encounter so IDK if she's entitled or not.

Me: Hi can I help you?

EM: You could start by putting some clothes on.

My tankini is covering about the same amount of skin as a one piece would, aside from a strip of exposed skin by my waist and I'll admit that the neckline is kind of low, but EM is literally wearing a bikini, with way more exposed skin than me.

Me (customer service mode activated): I am very sorry, miss. Sam? Can you grab me my shirt, please? (he throws my tank top at me and I pull it on) Better?

EM: Not really. Is there anyone else who can take care of us?

Me: Sorry, my coworkers are a little busy right now, we're closing up.

EM: Fine, I want to sign my daughter up for classes tomorrow.

I start to talk her through the availability slots, when we can fit her kid in, prices and requirements. While I do this, I'm gesturing with my hands and leaning over the counter to point out some stuff on the sign up sheet.

EM (interrupting me): I'm sorry, don't you have a sweatshirt or something?

It's the middle of summer, in a heatwave, on a beach.

Me (clinging to my customer service smile because I'm still technically on the clock): I'm sorry, no, I don't. Would you like me to carry on?

EM: Is there no one else I could speak to? You're making my daughter feel self conscious.

Me (giving up on being polite): You're making me feel self conscious. It's summer, it's a beach, it's a heatwave. I do not have another shirt. Everything that needs to be covered is covered, and with all due respect, you're wearing less than I am.

Sam, wearing a t shirt and denim shorts, hears all this and recognises my tone as my "I'm about to snap" tone, so he looks at me, I nod at him, and he jumps in.

Sam: I'd be happy to help you, miss. My name is Sam. OP, why don't you go-

EM: Sam is a guy?

Sam: Last I checked.

EM: I thought you were a girl.

Sam: Sorry to disappoint

EM (to me): Do you think it's appropriate to wander around like that when there's a young man nearby? (to Sam) You should report her to HR.

Sam: It's a beach. People walk round in less all the time.

EM (repeating): It's inappropriate.

Sam: You're wearing a bikini

EM: I'm not working, she is

Me: You do know this is a surf school?

Mick and Joe hear the noise. EM hasn't raised her voice or yelled or anything, but they can hear the tone of the conversation and decide they should step in just in case. Mick and Joe are both wearing board shorts and flip flops, no shirts.

Mick (coming up behind me): Is there a problem here?

Joe (at Mick's side): Anything we can help with?

EM's eyes go wide. She looks between me and the three boys in shock and horror.

EM (recovering herself): I was just saying tha-

Me: She was just telling me to put some clothes on.

Mick: You know this is a beach, right? If anything, she's overdressed.

EM can see she's not going to persuade me to magically summon more clothing to wear, and you can tell from her eyes she knows the boys won't agree with her. Then a thought hits her like a brick to her hollow head.

EM: Just WHAT were you four doing back there?

Joe: Closing up.

EM: I'm not stupid

I beg to differ.

EM: You're telling me she answered the door practically naked and y'all're wearing barely anything but nothing's going on here.

Mick (jokingly): OP we've told you not to answer the door naked (I laugh)

EM: Don't you laugh at me you little whore! I know what's going on here you... perverts!

Sam, who is gay, is in all out, doubled over, peals of laughter. EM's daughter looks really embarrassed, and is bright red with her face in her hands.

Sam: You - You think that (trails off mid sentence in favour of more laughing)

EM: Oh, sure, everyone protects the office slut! (Joe literally falls to the floor clutching his stomach laughing)

Mick: Yeah now if you don't mind we're mid orgy so get in or get out

It's just then that my boyfriend shows up.

Boyfriend (sees me, Joe, Sam, and Mick pissing ourselves laughing, EM looking homicidal and the daughter bright red with her face in her hands): Everything okay here?

Boyfriend comes over and gives me a hug, and I get the frankly genius idea to pull him in for a kiss in full view of EM.

EM screeches, some demonic noise that only dogs can hear, and stomps off, her poor daughter in tow, and that's the last we ever heard from her./nNow, for a bit of context, last weekend was liberation day in Holland, and many cities were having festivals to celebrate. Most of these festivals have free entrance, so they tend to crack down on people bringing their own food and drinks, to increase profits from beverage sales. Mate of mine lives within the area where the festival is taking place though, so usually we drop our booze at his place and retrieve it during the festival. Since it didn't seem like a terrific idea to walk around with a bottle of JD, I mixed it into a 1L Coca Cola Vanilla bottle with just enough coke that it looked like coke and went onto the festival grounds.

I'm assuming everybody is familiar with the common abbreviations; JD is my good friend Jack Daniels. We've been through a lot together.

While walking around with the bottle of 'coke', I feel a tap on my shoulder. Festival etiquette is to move over to the side to let somebody pass, after which I move along. I suddenly feel a hand grabbing my shoulder and trying to pull me back, so I turn around, and I'm faced with a typical Karen.

**EM;** Where'd you get that? *pointing at the bottle*

**Me;** Brought it from home.

**EM;** Can my kid have some?

**Me, not wanting everybody to know I had booze on me;** They sell coke over there, you can buy your kid a fresh, cold one.

**EM;** They don't sell vanilla coke there, and he doesn't like the regular one. He wants yours. *holds out hand*

**Me;** If he doesn't like the regular one, I'm pretty sure he won't like this any better...

Meanwhile, the kid has started squealing about how he's thirsty and 'wants THAT one', and EM starts giving me a demanding stare.

**Me;** ...Okay lady, I'm going to be honest with you. Half of this bottle is whiskey, and I don't think it's a good idea to give the kid whisky.

**EM;** You're lying! You just made that up so you wouldn't have to share with my baby! Now give it to me!

While I kinda shrug and turn away in attempt to disappear into the crowd, the kid grabs the bottle with both hands, wrenches it from my hand, and makes a run for it, his mom in tow. I follow them, and I find them just in time to see the kid take a few massive swigs from the bottle, after which he starts violently throwing up almost immediately. Figuring the best move for me would be to not further pursue the now vomit-covered bottle of Jack and coke, I decide to head over to my mates and mix a new one. In passing, I throw EM a 'Told you', and make my way into the crowds. 

Within seconds, EM charges me, and starts attempting to take a swing at me; YOU POISONED MY BABY!!! SECURITY!!!

We're separated by bystanders, and a stall holder gets security (S), which questions both me and EM.

**EM;** He gave my baby this bottle of poison and told him it was coke! I want him arrested!

**S;** Sir, what's in this bottle?

**Me;** A premixed whisky and coke, somewhat on the generous side with the whisky.

**S;** And why did you give that to a kid?

**Me;** I didn't, sir. I was mostly planning on getting smashed myself, to be fair. They thought it was coke, wouldn't believe me when I told them it was booze, and snatched the bottle from me. What you're seeing here is just the result of the kid taking a drink before I was able to stop him.

At this point, a bystander chimes in, confirming that he saw the kid snatch the bottle from my hand, although he hadn't heard the conversation. Security tells the mom to not pull that shit again, to take her still crying kid to the first aid post, and instructs me to be more careful with the next batch I'm 'inevitably about to make'.

Edit; formatting./nNote: 1. I'm on mobile. 2. Not native English.

Thanks for the 3 silver and gold!

FAQ: -I'm the father (as in male). -We had potatoes with peas and carrots with sausage for dinner. (Yes, I'm a male that knows how to cook) -the bike will never be left unattended outside. -Yes, I have a sturdy lock. -I located and took a picture of the serial number.

Backstory:
I'm a single parent, I have a beautiful girl that's turning 5 in August. The past year I have been fighting with ex that tried to keep my kid away from me. Lawyers aren't cheap, and being single doesn't exactly help with my finances. Couple of months ago I won the lawsuit and I finally got to have my kid at my home again. For the past few weeks she was saying she wanted a bicycle, but still recovering from the lawsuit bills I wasn't able to afford it.


Past week I got my summer bonus which finally gave me the financial boost I needed. So yesterday I finally was able to buy my little girl her bike she wanted so badly. I enjoyed my time with her riding our bikes, but then it was getting time for dinner, which I still had to make. So we head back home and park the bikes in the back yard. We go inside and I start making dinner.


After about 10 minutes I spot movement in the corner of my eye through the kitchen window, that's on the side of the house. I see this kid (guessing 6 or 7 years old) just casually strolling by with the brand new bike I just got today. My heart dropped, and I run to the front door hoping I'd catch him before he rides away. I was lucky I did. I yanked the bike out of his hands, and freaked out to him saying it was mine and he had no right to just walk into other people's back yard to take things. I was pissed. I force him to get tf off my property, and set the bike inside my front halfway, thinking it's over. 

Boy, was I wrong.

After comforting my little girl that never saw me this mad (poor thing) I return to the kitchen to continue making dinner. Fifteen minutes later, doorbell rings. It's the kid and his Evil Mother.

EM: you give my boy this bike back! He found it! It's his!

Me: he "found" it in MY back yard! I got it for my MY kid today! You should try teaching your damn kid some manners, he shouldn't trespass on other people's property to take their things. 

EM: don't tell my how raise my kid! Give me the bike back or I'm calling the police! 

Me: (laughs) call the damn police! 
And I slam the door in her face.

By this point my 4 year old is crying her eyes out, and I get to comfort her again, as she's thinking she's losing her brand new bike. Her sobbing finally over, I try continuing to make dinner, yet again. Preparations done, I'm about to put is all on the stove, doorbell. 

I flip out, storm to the door, violently open it getting ready to just explode into the bitch's face. 

Guess what, she actually called the cops. I instantly calm down when I see it's the police and invite one of the 2 officers inside while the other stays with the evil woman. I explain the situation, and show him the box the bike came in, along with the receipt that has my name on it. 

He shrugs and apologised for the inconvenience, assured me I won't be bothered again. I let him out and close the door with a smug smile on my face. I check the front window to see what's happening, and I see her go into full tantrum. It ends with her into handcuffs and on the backseat of the patrol car.

Bye felicia!

Don't know what happened to her, and I don't care. I finally finished dinner, and my kid still has her bike. That's all that matters to me.


Boy, what a day./nThe players are: OP (me), EM (entitled mom), Mrs. T (my teacher) and Mrs. A (another teacher)

I've been student teaching this spring in a 6th grade class. It's been a stressful semester, but a good one. Since day 1, I have been treated 100% like a colleague and equal by my teacher and her grade level partners. 

I'm very baby-faced and don't always look like I'm in my 20s. But I know these kids very well (I subbed for them a lot last year and in this past fall). So they already have respect for me and we have a decent relationship.

This week we're on a camping trip with 4 total classes. I finished student teaching, but my teacher invited me on as a teacher to get the experience. We mostly hang in the medical lodge and make sure kids take their meds each day. Easy gig after months of teaching. The kids are happy to see me.

Anyways. We arrived at camp. I rode on the bus with my teacher. Two of the other teachers drove their cars with student luggage, and so did some parents. I got off the bus and started to head down to the lodge with the other teachers for our meeting with the camp director and the counselors.

I stopped off to fill my water bottle before heading down. As I finished up, a mom came up to me. I smiled and was about to greet her--

"You can't wear that."

"Excuse me?"

"Young lady, that is so inappropriate for a school setting. You're going to distract my son and all the other boys. I'm going to have to ask you to change as soon as we get to our cabins."

For reference: I was wearing jeans, a black undershirt, and a tank top with thick straps that covered my bra. You literally only saw my black undershirt that kept my bra from being seen through my shirt.

Oh, and it was 100 degrees (Fahrenheit).

I let out a small chuckle. I thought it was a silly mix up we could laugh about later. Nope, that set her off.

"Don't you dare laugh! I'm serious. Who is your teacher? You are so disrespectful. No wonder you're dressed like that, trying to get the boys' attention I bet."

I put on my best "polite teacher dealing with parents" smile. "Whose parent are you?" She told me. Her kid was a trouble maker from another class. "Mrs. EM, I don't know if you're aware of this, but I'm not a student. I'm a teacher. And the camp's dress code allows my students to wear tank tops, so do not ask them to change."

"Now you're lying to me?! Where is your teacher? I'm getting you sent home!"

One of my teacher's partners, Mrs. A, overheard the yelling and came over- also in a tank top.

"Is there a something you need Ms. OP?"

I shook my head. "No, I was just introducing myself to Mrs. EM. She didn't know Mrs. T had a student teacher this year."

Mrs. A nodded earnestly. "Ms. OP has been such an asset to all of us this semester. Your son actually got a few science lessons from her this year! She's going to be a great teacher."

EM was absolutely red in the face.

Later that afternoon, we brought all the parents down to our air-conditioned lodge to talk them through the week ahead. Mrs. T, who is kind of our grade's team captain, introduced me to the parents. Everyone except EM was happy to meet me, and a few even said their kids loved having me as one of their teachers.

The best part of the week so far was when her son ran up to me at dinner and asked in front of his mom, "Ms. OP, can you teach 7th grade next year so you can be one of my teachers? I'm gonna miss you!"

*Edit: Thank you all for the kindness! I love teaching and am excited to make this my career. EM's son is something of a trouble maker, but he and I got on really well. Also, obligatory thanks for the gold!*/nThis is my first story here (please be gentle)

Also, this story is more about the kid than the parent, but the parent was supporting the behavior so...

&#x200B;

Our cast: EK: obvious. EM: obvious. Me: super obvious. Neighbors 1 and 2: 2 neighborhood kids

(note that the neighbors are actually pretty cool, the EK was just older than them and so had some authority).

&#x200B;

And so it begins

&#x200B;

One summer day last year, (I had just turned 14), I was playing some basketball with these two kids from my neighborhood in their driveway, they're family is pretty rich, so they have a fully paved "driveway" big enough to be a sizable court.

It's just me and them for about half an hour, until satan's son himself came over from down the street, this kid is the really stereotypical little shit who made the select soccer team 3 years ago and still thinks that he runs the place.

&#x200B;

So we let him join the game and everything is fine for a bit. I'm a little bit on the *ahem* "bigger side" but I'm really strong, so I play really well as a Center, posting up and that. And the EK is guarding me and he's getting worked. He's shorter and not as strong so he's getting dominated.

&#x200B;

Here's the major incident.

&#x200B;

I've just grabbed a loose ball and I'm running back towards the basket, the other kid gets back before me and stops my drive, so I start to back him down again. He must have just been really frustrated by him not getting a chance on defense so he thinks up a plan. At this point I was wearing a hoodie and the fucker grabs my hood from behind and pulls as hard as he can

&#x200B;

I, not expecting my airflow to be cut off, especially while I'm breathing hard, start to panic. I can't shake him off of my back. I don't know how long he's hanging on, but It felt like a whole 45 seconds, that may not seem like that long, but I'm freaking the fuck out, so it feels like forever.

&#x200B;

An eternity later, his grip loosens and I finally get him off, I'm fuckin fired up so I punch him right in the nose, definitely not as hard as I could, but it certainly would have hurt a lot. This little shit, however, he drops like he's out cold, meanwhile I'm on my knees trying to get my breath back. He's bawling his eyes out, he's rolling and screaming and all that, being the melodramatic turd that he is, but his mom is running over, and it was that moment where I knew I was fucked

&#x200B;

Now, sometime between when he started and when I socked him, his mother came out, but she's the typical "I want to speak to the manager" white upper-middle class mom who volunteers to be the head of the PTA every year and goes to starbucks 20 times a day, and the EK is very much her son

&#x200B;

EM: OH MY GOD (redacted) ARE YOU OK, WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM

Me: He just nearly choked me out so I punched him

EM: WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT, YOU'RE SO MUCH BIGGER THAN HIM!!!!

Me: But he was chocking me out!

EM: Come on dude, you've got to be more mature about this!

Me: What do you expect me to do?, apologize to HIM for making him choke me?

&#x200B;

This whole thing goes on for a while until the neighbors step in to try to protect me

&#x200B;

N1: OP really didn't do anything wrong

N2: Yeah, he didn't even hit him that hard

EM: But OP shouldn't be hitting people in the first place. Especially not my son (yes, she actually said especially not my son)

N2: But it was basically a trade off, he...

EM: Why are you guys trying to protect him, you should probably go inside, you don't know what you're talking about

&#x200B;

They keep trying to help me out, but to no avail

This just goes around for another 5 minutes before EK finally gets up and LIMPS, yes, LIMPS back to his house

I go home cuz I'm sick of this shit and I'm tired.

&#x200B;

The next day, I try go back over, but the EK is there already, neither of his parents cars are there so I assume that he's staying at the neighbor kids' house until they come back, I decide to go back inside because I don't want to interact with him.

&#x200B;

A couple hours later, EK shows up at our door with his mom standing at gate of our fence.

EK: Um, Hi OP, I was just coming over to say sorry for choking you yesterday, I won't ever do it again

Me: Uhhh, Ok, thanks, I'm sorry that I punched you

At this point, my mom comes to see who I'm talking to and she asks what's going on

EM pipes up and says...

EM: We are here for your forgiveness gift

Me: My what?

EM: Your forgiveness gift, it's a tradition in our family that the person who apologizes last has to give the other person something to make up for it

My Mom: Excuse me? What's going on?

&#x200B;

I explain what happened and as I explain what happened, she seems to get more and more disgusted by the situation

&#x200B;

I finish explaining and turn back to EK who had tried to "correct" my story while I was explaining it to my mom, saying things like, "He punched me twice in the face, and then kicked me in the nuts while I was crying on the ground" My mom is basically a bomb sniffing dog for lies, so I can see from her face that she knows that's bullshit.

&#x200B;

I turn back to EK

&#x200B;

My mom: I'm sorry but we don't do forgiveness gifts in this family

EM: We do in this one, EK, pick something out,

&#x200B;

EK looked around and saw my PS4, and he points at it

EK: Mommy, I want that

(Keep in mind that this kid is just about a year younger than I am, too old for mommy, too old for this whole situation in my opinion)

EM walks up to our door and sees it's my PS4

EM: Great, We'll take that as our gift

&#x200B;

My mom, with steam billowing out of her ears, slams the door in their faces and quickly locks it. They start pounding on the door so hard that it sounds like they are trying to break it down. We leave the door, but they stay there pounding on the door for at least another 5 minutes before finally leaving

&#x200B;

I still leave my neighbor's house anytime I see him walking down the block

&#x200B;

That's the story, I understand that It was super long may not be as high stakes or entertaining as some of the other stories here, but thanks for reading if you got this far

&#x200B;

Edit: Holy shit, I never expected this kind of story to blow up, thank you so much guys

&#x200B;

Edit 2: IDK who you are but thank you for silver, I had no idea that this would get so popular so thanks to everyone again

&#x200B;

Last Edit (I promise): SWEET FUCK BOYS, GOLD AND PLAT, NO WAY!!!!!!! Thank you all so much for this, this is really kind of amazing!!/nSo... English is my third language, I'll do my best but there'll be a lot of misspellings, sorry.

I need to write this, to take the weight of me. 
It first happened when I was 7-9 years old. 

This is the story of an EP, my mother. She was a horrible parent and because of that I've been through therapy since 8 y/o. All her exes where rich people (so you can imagine she's a gold digger as well) and only "loved me" because she knew if I was with her my dad would pay her for my child support.

A year later after the divorce my mom wasn't happy with my dad only giving her 1500€ (1 675.87$) per month and she also started to abuse me, so she had an idea.

One day, I was in the living room waiting to see my dad when out of the blue I hear my dad's car.
I jump of the sofa and when I'm about to run outside my mom stops me.

EP: Don't go, stay here.

Me: But it's dad, I want to see him! 

I try to go outside but she grabes me and pushes me in my room. 

EP: Shut up pig, you better stay here.

Even though I didn't see anything I still remember a bit of the conversation.

Dad: Where's she? 

EP: Well, she doesn't want to see you. 

Dad: Why? 

EP: You don't pay her enough so she's always wearing dirty clothes since we can't afford them, it's your fault. 

Dad: I see, tell her we'll go shopping today. 

EP: NO, that's not enough, you need to pay more child support. 

Dad: Let me see my daughter. 

My dad tries to go inside but my mom stops him, she doesn't want my dad to see not only how my mom spent all the money on herself (buying expensive clothes) leaving me with nothing but clothes people donated, but how deteriorated I am since the last time he saw me. 

EP: RAPE RAPE! SOMEBODY CALL THE POLICE! RAPEEEEEEEE! 

Dad: Let me see my daughter! 

EP: Then pay! RAPE!!! 

People started to go outside to see what happened, so my dad had to drive away. 

My dad started to pay more, but my life was still the same, he paid for me to go to an expensive school, have private healthcare, to be able to do a lot of activities after school and a little extra for nice clothes. 

As you can imagine, I never had those, I was studying in a bad public school where I was bullied, I had public healthcare, never did anything after school and I always looked like a homeless kid. 

My mom, on the other hand, was happy, but as always wanted more. Though my dad payed more, my life didn't improve, my mom would forget all the time to take me home after school until a teacher called her (at 7 o 8 pm, my clases ended a 4pm), always humiliating me in public, using me to get free stuff, I was always alone because she never stopped partying, getting drunk, getting in fights. You can make an idea of how it was to be with her. 

My life was so horrible I had to be admitted in a mental hospital because at the age of nine I wanted to killed myself, I remember how my mother always told me "go on, you're such a coward, hahaha! I'd love to see that, you just want attention, nobody cares!" whenever I said I'd do it.

Well, after she almost succeeded to put my dad in prison and take me back with her she lost my custody which made her upset. 

I started living with my dad and I was forced to see her once a month, happy ending, right? 

W-R-O-N-G

(this happened when I was 9-14) 

She tried to sue my dad for not paying her child support, then, when she lost, she sued him for traumatizing her because "apparently" my dad cheated on her with a black women and had a black baby (totally fake, and she's racist, so that's why the women was black), after she lost again, she sued him for abusing her, after she lost again, she sued him for two more things I don't remember. When she lost all the cases she sued her lawyer and destroyed his career (the poor guy can no longer work as a lawyer) and started to focus on me. 

She tried everything to make me like her more so I'd return, buying useless cheap stuff for me (that I didn't even liked), sending pictures of me when I was with her, telling me how much my dog miss me (I can't take my dog because she changed the chip and now it's no longer mine, the new owner is her bf who use to beat me), etc... 

It went like that until one day I said, "if you want me to be with you you'll have to be the one paying for everything, not my dad" she didn't respond and lost all interest in me. 

It's been 3 years without her. 

The. Best. 3. Fucking. Years. Of. My. Life.


Edit: Wow! Silver! Thank you so much! 

Edit 2: Holy moly ravioli! Someone gave me a golden award! Thank you! 

Edit 3: Oh my goodness gracious! A PLATINUM award? Thanks!! 

Edit 4: I don't belive my eyes! 2 silver! 2!!! Thanks for the awards!

Edit 5: I forgot to mention the age at the second part of the story, my bad./nOn mobile so if things go wonky, my attorney is accepting calls. After never dealing with an EP in my life, I've now had two in the span of a few months. Normally a foul mouth, but I'll keep things clean for r/slash and others >:). So I am a delivery driver for (major food delivery company) in (major college town in Texas where everyone loves maroon). Normally, it's not bad, pays pretty well, and customers are generally fine, though you'll always have idiots in every service job. This, however, surpassed anything I'd ever experienced before. 

I get an order alert on my phone, relatively simple but expensive order (we drivers love expensive orders) from a restaurant nearby. In the portion for delivery instructions, the customer explains that I need to call her once I arrive, as ringing the doorbell (as I normally do) would disturb her autistic son. 

Okay, no problem at all. I received therapy for sensory issues when I was a kid, so I'm going to be even more sympathetic to that than the average person. I receive the order, and drive over to the house (nice part of town), and give the customer a call. Younger woman answers, tells me to come up to the door. I do so, and enter the EM, who, strangely, was fairly attractive and did not have the typical Karen haircut. 

EM = Enraged Marmalade, Me = The Muffin Man, NSL = Nice Support Lady

Me: Here's your order ma'am, is there anything else I can help you with today? 

EM: Yes. My son is autistic, and people like you don't understand how difficult it is to raise him. I shouldn't have to pay this much for food. Can you give me a discount? 

Me, baffled: I'm sorry ma'am, but the app calculates your order total, not me. It's already been paid for. 

The EM did not like that answer. Her face changed from a smug smirk into a snarl. I suppose I didn't realize how ridiculous the idea that people pay for their own food is. 

EM: Well why don't you pay for it then? I'm not sure if you heard, but my son is autistic, and it's your fault that he's still hungry! 

Me: I'm sorry ma'am, but that goes against our policy. If I paid for you order, I'd probably be fired. 

EM: Good! You're a useless driver anyway, you're disgusting! My son is starving to death! Since I've had to go through so much trouble with you, you should tip ME! 

My app has a setting that while you're in the process of taking an order to a customer, they'll assign you another one at the same time if there's activity. Thankfully, this saved me here. 

Me: Can't do that ma'am. Here's your order. 

I dropped the food gently on the ground between us, and jogged back to my car. She was shouting something unintelligible (so much for not disturbing her autistic son), but I couldn't make out what she was saying. 

Unsurprisingly, she gave me a one star review (you tip online, so I got a small tip). I contacted support about it the next day.

Me: Yeah, I had a crazy lady yesterday, started demanding that I pay for her order, and even that I tip her. Really rude, not sure what the deal was (oh I knew what the deal was, that's why I'm here). 

NSL: Hmm, which order was it? 

Me: It was (order number) at (address). 

NSL: Yikes, you're the third person to complain about her. One or two, we take with a grain of salt, but three, you're probably out. I'll try to get her deactivated. If so, her review will be off your record. 

Me: Thanks! Appreciate it! 

I feel like the entire world is better off now that she won't get deliveries from us anymore, but was the cost worth it? That remains to be seen...

EDIT: My first gold! Thank you so much!/nI have been reading this sub for a while, and never thought I would have something to post, but here I am.

Last week I was traveling for work.  It had been a long two days of meetings, and I was exhausted.  I had just arrived at the airport for my evening cross country flight home when I got the dreaded text from the airline saying my flight was delayed two hours due to mechanical problems. I decided to pass the time by getting something to eat. I found an airport restaurant and sat down to order.

I ordered my food and pulled my phone out of my bag to catch up on e-mail and browse the web while waiting for my food to arrive.  While I was waiting a family with a mom, dad, little girl about 5 years old and a middle school aged looking boy sat at a table near me.  I didn't pay them much attention as I was looking at e-mail on my phone, but then I hear the little girl exclaim in a rather loud voice "look mom, that lady is on her phone at the table!"  I then hear the mother reply "yes, she shouldn't be doing that.  It is rude to have a phone at the table."  I glance over and the mother says to me "We have a rule that no phones are allowed at the table."  My first reaction was to say something snarky as exhaustion was definitely getting the better of me, but then I thought better of it and decided to be polite.  I looked at the little girl and said "We have the same rule in my family, but since I'm here alone I'm not being rude to anyone by looking at my phone now."  At this point the son looks like he wants to crawl under the table from embarrassment and the dad is trying to hand the mom a menu and says "it's ok, let's just order."

I think that will be the end of it, but no.  The mom says "obviously you have a family, so you know how important it is to follow rules.  I would appreciate it if you would put away your phone." in a tone that a parent would use on a petulant teen. The little girl chimes in and says "yeah, you have to put your phone away.  My brother can't have his phone at the table, so you can't either."  I look at the little girl and say in as sweet a tone as I can muster "Well, the great thing about being a grown up is that I can do whatever I want, so now I'm going to keep looking at my phone." and turn back to my e-mail.  The mother sighs loudly, the teen looks even more embarrassed, and the dad again tries to get the mom to just order and leave me alone.  The mom calls the waiter over and asks to be reseated.  He grudgingly moves them to a different table.  My food arrives, and I eat in peace enjoying browsing Reddit.

Edited to add...Thanks so much kind people for the silver and gold!  I had no idea people would be this interested in this story.  It has been awesome reading all of the comments!/nFirst post here. Sorry for the formatting I'm on mobile.

Backstory; my older cousin molested me for 6 years and molested his brother and sister for 8 years. He was caught red handed with his bro and sis when he was still a teenager and went through the courts and "rehabilitation". This was years ago. Now he's married and has a son who's exactly a month older than my son.

Cast- EA: Entitled Aunt (molesters Mom).  M: The dreaded molester cousin. EW: Molesters wife. IB: Thier son the innocent baby. ME: Magnificent Example. BF: MY boyfriend. S: my son. RCS: Random cousin's son.

So at the time my son is nearing his first birthday and I get a phone call from EA. At the time I was on speaking terms with her (not anymore, not because of this) the phone call starts out pretty okay.

EA: Hi Me! How's Mom life?

Me: Pretty good EA. Finally seem to be getting the hang of it.

EA: S is almost one years old now! IB will be one a month before S! AND RCS a month after that!

Me: Wait, really?! I didn't realize all three babies were that close together.

EA: Yeah! We should get all three babies together for a photo shoot after thier birthdays.

I stopped cold. I promised myself I would never allow M around any of my children and BF had already threatened to kill him if he came anywhere near me ever again. I was still trying to keep the peace a bit and was trying to think of a nice way to put it.

Me: That would be nice but we're pretty broke and I don't think I can make it to (city 6 hours away) anytime soon.

EA: Well maybe we could come visit you!

Me: That wouldn't be a good idea EA. BF and I live in a 2-bedroom apartment with a roommate...

EA: We could camp out in the living room! 

Me: Nobody here would be comfortable with that. Besides M isn't allowed around S, so it would have to be just you and EW.

EA: WHAT DO YOU MEAN M ISN'T ALLOWED AROUND S?! WE'RE FAMILY!!!

Me: You, EW, IB, and pretty much everyone else can come visit, provided you stay in a hotel room, but M will never be within 30 miles of my son. He lost that privilege when he decided to molest me and your other children.

EA: BUT HE HASN'T DONE ANY OF THAT STUFF IN YEARS?! Can't we all just forget about that? It happened so long ago?

"Long ago" was about 6 years at this point... And EA refuses to talk about what M did most of the time and refuses to use the words molested or raped when she does talk about it. She just says vague words like stuff and things.

Me: EA, NO! I'm not going to feel bad for not letting a convicted child molester around my son! He may be "reformed" or whatever but that doesn't erase his past actions and I'm not going to risk the safety of my child.

EA: Well what if we just show up at your door?

Me: Well then M better learn how to run fast because BF knows about what he did to me and he already wants to kill him. The only reason he hasn't is because M lives in (city 6 hours away).

EA: BUT WE'RE FAMILY!!!

Me: You are. HE isn't.

EA: (hangs up)

I thought that was the end of that discussion. I had to calm down my VERY protective BF from driving to city 6 hours away and killing M just to keep him away from S. I told him that I put my foot down and I don't think anyone would bother me about it. BOY was I wrong! The next day I get a phone call from an unknown number.

Me: Hello?

MW: Hi is this garnetstrongerthanyou?

Me: Yes. Who's this?

MW: it's MW. M's wife. 

I had met this woman once at a wedding when she was pregnant with IB. And she didn't say two words to me...

Me: Oh. Hi! What's up?

MW: EA and I were talking about doing a cute photo shoot with IB, RCS, and S later this year. Since they're all so close in age, what do you think?

Me: (afraid to go through this again)  Well it's a good idea on paper but there's no way. BF and I are broke and I don't want to travel with an infant. But even if we could coordinate to have it in (my city) I wouldn't want to tear you away from my your husband for too long.

MW: Well he could come with!

Me: Not if you want me or S there.

MW: Why are you doing this?

Me: Excuse me??

MW: We're trying to do something nice for you and you're making it impossible. Besides M is with me now. And we have a son. He's better now.

At this point I was done being polite.

Me: Look your husband molested me for 6 years. He is a child molester and he will NEVER be allowed around S. NEVER! If you want to risk your child that's your business. (I hung up)

Thankfully I didn't ever hear anything else on the subject again. I did hear a few rumors about griping from some family members. But most of my other cousins with kids understood and my parents supported me. 

Tho I did feel a bit vindicated by my decision when M was caught sexting a 15 year old about 9 months later

Edit 1; Thank you so much for the support I have received. Also for the gold and silver! Holy shit!

Edit 2; Since apparently some people think this is BS. Here's my trauma timeline. M is 2 years older than me, I was 5 and he was 7 when it started. He stopped with me when I was 11. 6 years. I have no clue when he started molesting his siblings but I know he was caught red-handed by EA the summer before I turned 13. Our sons are almost 4 at this point. Hopefully that clears up things for people who demand the math lines up.

Edit 3; Fixed the EW/MW mixup! Sorry!

Edit 4; M is currently in jail for the incident with the 15 year old. He's not divorced and his wife still brings thier son to visit him. I don't know any more information. Sorry.

Edit 5; For any who are curious of why I no longer talk to EA. I posted the story here; https://www.reddit.com/r/JUSTNOFAMILY/comments/beqbsi/why_i_have_no_contact_with_my_aunt/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share/n

Sit back and enjoy. This is long because I apparently can't do short. 

Many years ago, I was living in a beautiful sunny southern state. I had a cute little house that was completely fenced in: 5’ fence in front, 8’ fence on the sides and a 10’ chain link fence in the back. I'm fortunate enough to work from home. My “office” was my patio unless it was raining. 

My dog, Sarie *(German Shepard/Rottweiler mix)*, kept me company. At a year old, she was a big girl at 120lbs. She was generally very sweet and kind but protective. She was well trained but also had a knack for disappearing to play with her animal friends, so I kept her on a chain too if we were outside. 

High school Kids in the area had the tendency to use the alleyway behind my house to get to & from school. Most would stop and say “Hi” to Sarie and give her attention. She loved it. I honestly didn't mind. 

One day, I noticed that any time Sarie was alone outside, some kids would rattle the back fence, throw things at it, then scream and yell at Sarie. The kids would run off before I could see who they were. 

In case things got worse, I bought some security cameras and brought Sarie with me anytime I went inside when the kids would be around. 

One day, I had to grab some work in the house and left Sarie outside. Just for a moment. From inside, I heard the fence rattle and then Sarie yelp in pain. I rushed outside just in time to see a kid try to throw a rock at Sarie, along with some other kids. 

I was pissed!

As I rushed over to Sarie, I calmly asked them: “Did it ever occur to you to wonder why I keep my dog chained in fenced yard?” 

Then I unhooked her. 

Sarie ran at my back fence and climbed over it. The kids started running down the alley with Sarie right behind them, barking away. I let her go about ½ block, then whistled for her. She came trotting back all happy as can be. I checked her over and gave her a treat. *(she was fine)*

A couple of hours later, one of the kids came back with his mother *(EP)*.

>EP *(screaming)*: “You fucking bitch! You had your dog attack my son! He was only having a fun time! He's just a boy! *(kid was at least 16yo)*. You scared him! It was just a joke! You had no right to do that! I'm calling the police and having that dog fucking shot!” Blah, blah, blah.

I literally couldn't get a word in. 

Then she starts threatening me. So I called the police. The operator could hear her plain as day even though EP was at least 40 feet from me. 

The police showed up in about 5 minutes. 2 cars. I guess they were in the area. 4 officers. All very nice guys. 2 officers come talk to me, the other 2 talk to EP and her son. EP never stopped screaming and cussing. 

I explained what happened and showed the video to the officers. Show all of Sarie's vet and training paperwork. I filed a report. Asked to press charges. The officers are petting Sarie all the while because she's demanding attention from her new friends. She has her happy face on. *(Yes, Sarie actually smiles)*. 

The 3 of us and Sarie *(on a leash)* go outside towards the other group. We're about 10 feet from them when Sarie suddenly cuts in front of me to stop me and starts growling. The skin around her face went tight; making it look like a hair covered skull. The hair on her on her back raises up. *(Sarie is very scary when she's like that)*. 

>EP *(screaming)*: “See! That bitch raised that dog to attack black people! Fucking racist cunt! That fucking dog needs to be put down!” *(The 2 officers that were with me were African American. So. No. That part always annoys me so I included it.)*

I called back 1 of the officers that I had been talking to. He didn't want to come too close as Sarie is showing large teeth. So I moved back towards my house. As quietly as I could, I told the officer that either EP or kid were carrying a gun. That's why Sarie started getting protective. It had happened several times before. 

I guess to error on the side of caution *(or to shut me up)*, he decided to search EP and kid. EP had an unregistered gun. Kid had a 6” switchblade *(not legal in that state)*. 

So, in addition to a charge of animal cruelty, they got nailed for carrying a concealed weapon, being in possession of a firearm while on probation, resisting arrest and a couple of other charges. 

EP never stopped screaming the entire time this happened and while being driven away. 

I don't think that's how EP or kid expected to end the day. But I enjoyed it. 

Even better, I never saw her or her kid again and the kids stopped harassing Sarie. 


Edit: I'll have to look for a photo of Sarie. Unfortunately, she went over the Rainbow Bridge about 5 years ago. 

Edit2:

Edit3: Thank you so much for the Silver! 

Edit 4: Thank you for the Gold. That is so great!/nThis happened almost 40 years ago. I'm posting it as a "thanks" for reading the other stories. This one is more funny and entitled rather than infuriating and entitled.

&#x200B;

My immediate family was, for the most part, perfectly normal and boring. We were not prone to outbursts and tantrums. It was very calm and quiet. Everyone got along and we were pretty happy with our boredom. I tell you that so you understand that I had absolutely no experience at all with people prone to screaming fits. You should also know that I suffer from a case of terminal morbid curiosity. I also don't give a shit. Never did. Never saw the fun in it.

&#x200B;

This happened when we were visiting for great aunties funeral. I was 12. CA insisted that we all go out to dinner at her favorite Italian restaurant. It was just the best, she said so and she was never wrong. The gimmick here was a little flag of Italy on the table. When you wanted more dinner rolls, you raised the flag. This is important. Flag up, you get rolls. Flag down, no rolls. Remember that.

&#x200B;

The 6 of us are seated, they take our drink order and bring the bread basket. The cast has a new member, PU for my poor long suffering uncle who will one day be made a saint for being married to CA for over 20 years. Some of you commented in my first post that he was an enabler. He wasn't. He was a victim as well. He couldn't leave her without leaving Emily.

&#x200B;

It started with the drink order.

CA: We will have 5 sweet teas

Dad: I'll have a Coke

Mom: I'll have a Coke

Me: Tea, no sugar (This is a mortal sin in the south)

CA: Don't be silly, you can't have sweet tea without sugar!

Me: I don't like sugar.

CA: That's stupid. Bring her sweet tea.

Waitress (winked at me): Yes, Ma'am.

PU: I think I'd like a Coke as well

Emily: I'd like a Coke.

CA: We drink Pepsi, not Coke. We are having sweet tea.

&#x200B;

The waitress brought us our requested drinks. CA was growing agitated.

&#x200B;

CA likes to control everything and everyone. So she told us what to order for dinner. I'm not going to get into an ethical debate here but I refuse to eat veal. She demanded we all have the veal. I refused. I knew this would set her off but, oh well. I'm not eating veal. My parents, after I had explained to them years earlier why I would not eat veal, refused to eat it as well. Did I mention I get my "I don't give a shit" quality from my parents? Well they didn't give a shit either. They were perfectly capable of ordering whatever the hell they wanted. So they did. I had lasagna. It was good. My mother's was better.

&#x200B;

Once we ordered what we wanted, it emboldened PU and he stepped out of line and ordered something else as well. CA was NOT. HAVING. IT.

&#x200B;

CA: You are getting the veal

PU:No, I feel like something else tonight.

CA: The veal is the best.

PU: I still want something else.

CA: You won't like it

PU: I'm sure I will.

CA: You don't know what you are talking about.

PU: I know what I like.

CA: Well you can't have it.

PU: Yes, I can!

CA: I said no!

PU: Well, I'm ordering it!

CA: You always get the veal!

PU: Because it's your favorite and you make me. I don't even like Italian food!

CA: Yes you do, it's your favorite.

PU: I want the lasagna.

CA: Dammit, PU, order what I tell you to order.

PU: No. Lasagna.

Emily: I'll have the lasagna too.

CA: You can't have that, you are allergic.

Emily, No, I'm not.

CA: I'm your mother, I know what you can and can't eat.

CA (to the waitress): Bring her the veal!

&#x200B;

The whole time this is going on I am looking from one to the other like watching a tennis match. Back and forth, with the pitch of her voice getting more and more shrill with each sentence. I was fairly certain that when we left bats would have been summoned. I'm just watching them and eating a dinner roll......

&#x200B;

The food arrives and everyone got what they wanted, even Emily, much to the fury of CA. Then it happens. PU raises the flag. CA puts it down. PU puts it back up. CA takes it back down. Up and down, up and down. I see the bread guy hovering at the edge of the table.....waiting. Flag goes up and he rushes in to drop off the new basket before it can go back down. CA grabs the basket and throws it at the kid that delivered it. To save time and typing, every times CA speaks, the flag goes down. The rest of the time it goes up.

&#x200B;

CA: You don't need any more bread!

PU: But I want more.

CA: I said no.

PU: I'm an adult, I can have more bread if I want.

CA: No you can't.

PU: Why, just tell me why I can't have more bread.

CA: Because I said so. You aren't listening to me.

PU: I'm hungry and want more bread.

CA: You wouldn't be if you had ordered the veal!

PU: Yes I would. I always am but you never let me have more bread. Tonight I get more!

Me: I want some more bread too.

CA: No, you have had enough.

Me: No, I really think I want more.

CA: Well you are wrong.

Me: You seem upset.

CA: That's because you people aren't listening to me.

Me: Yes we are. We just don't care. We want more bread.

Dad (to me while trying not to laugh at how absurd this is): You aren't helping.

Me: I think you want more bread too.

&#x200B;

At this point the whole damn place is watching our table and the battle over the flag. I'm fairly sure there were people taking bets to see who would win. In the middle of the confusion, a nice lady sitting at another table nearest Emily, tapped her and slipped their fresh bread basket to her. Emily took a roll and slipped it to me. I took one and slipped it to my father, then it went to my mother who, after taking a roll for herself slipped one onto PU's plate. CA saw it and grabbed for it. PU was faster. He shoved the whole thing into his mouth at once. It was a big roll.

&#x200B;

The waitress approached the table to check to see if we needed anything (Xanax was unfortunately not on the menu) and CA demanded she bring the check.

&#x200B;

Me: I want dessert. Chocolate cake.

PU: Sounds great! I'll have some.

Emily: Me too.

Dad: I'll have apple pie.

Mom: I'll have cheesecake. Bring cheesecake for CA. She loves cheesecake.

CA: NO! We are not having dessert. We are getting the check and leaving. NOW!

Dad: No, we aren't.

CA: Well I'm leaving. You can all walk home.

Dad: I drove. It's our car.

CA: I know, give me the keys.

Dad. Nope.

CA: You have to give me the keys. I live here. You are just visiting.

Dad: Yes, I'm just visiting. With my family. In our car.

CA: It's MY state!

Dad: I don't care. It's my car and you can't have it. You're a terrible driver anyway.

CA: No I'm not!

Dad: You drive the wrong way on the freeway.

CA: No I don't. It's the other cars going the wrong way!

Dad: You get lost in your own neighborhood.

CA: Not always.

Dad: You are not driving my car.

CA: Yes I am!

Dad: No you aren't.

&#x200B;

That ladies and gentlemen, continued while we ate dessert, paid the check (my father was buying,) As we walked to the car, and for the entire trip back to their house. My father drove. We dropped them off and went back to our hotel room.

Dad: Has your sister always been this crazy?

Mom: No, it started when she was about three.

Dad: What happened?

Mom: She started speaking in complete sentences.

Dad: Ah....../nHere’s a little history of me so this makes more sense. I’m nonverbal due to an injury and communicate exclusively via writing and sign language, unless I want to feel like I’m pouring half-molten nails down my throat.

DH, My Husband. EM, Entitled Mother. PK, Poor Kid.

I love eating at restaurants. Dennys, Applebees, little family-owned Mexican and chinese places, etc. With that means I gotta get my food, which my husband typically orders for me to avoid me playing a game of charades with the waiter/waitress. We were eating out and apparently this was wrong. So we were getting our food and this little kid near us, maybe 8 or 9, was watching us since the restaurant was fairly empty. Right after the server leaves the kid can audibly be heard speaking with his mother, a woman probably in her mid to late forties. 
 
PK: Mommy! What about her? 
 
EM: (She wasn’t paying attention, I’d assume) Hmm? What was that PK? 
 
PK: He ordered for both of them! 
 
EM: He what? 
 
PK: The girl didn’t talk to him 
 
EM: That’s not right, let’s go see if there’s a reason PK. 
 
At this point she takes a few steps over towards us, PK in tow. 
 
EM: Hi you two 
 
DH: Hello? 
 
EM: Who is this? (She motions towards me) Your girlfriend? 
 
DH: Close enough, do you need something? 
 
EM: Do you do that often? 
 
DH: Do what often? 
 
EM: Order for her? 
 
DH: All the time. 
 
EM: Could you please stop that? 
 
DH: I’d rather not. 
 
EM: I’m asking nicely. 
 
PK: Can she not talk? 
 
DH: Basica-
 
EM cuts him off: Just don’t do it again, I don’t want my kid to grow up to be some barbarian. 
 
DH: No, feel free to leave us alone.

She leaves with a huff and that seemed to be it for the night at first, as we got our food we started talking (signing), both clearly a little confused about what this strange woman’s issue was. Now, when I’m saying crazy in sign language I use the ever-known finger-pointing-to-head crazy, which I happened to start using right as she re approached us. 
 
EM: What are you two doing? 
 
DH: Please go away ma’am. 
 
EM: I’m not going to let you teach my kid gang signs. So stop it. 
 
DH: We’re not teaching anything, it’s si- 
 
EM: I don’t care what it is, stop it. Just “talk” like normal people. 

She physically put air quotes on the word talk, classy.
 
She soon walked away, and we continued our conversation with her angrily staring at us and trying to “shield” her kid from the terrific gang signs up until they left. 

On behalf of all people who don’t talk I’d like to apologize for encouraging gang culture. /s/nLong time lurker, first time poster. Sorry for the long post, but this is a funny one.

&#x200B;

I always thought these crazy people who don't mind their own business must be a rare breed and that I would never encounter one of them, but somehow I did.

&#x200B;

So a little bit of background before I start, I was born in Pakistan, but came to Canada when I was 3. But by that time, I could already speak in Urdu, Punjabi and Hindi (the languages are fairly similar in many regards), and then I came to Canada and English was my 4th language. As I grew up, I also learned Arabic, French and Japanese to varying competencies, but all within the realm of conversational. Having grown up in Canada, I have no "accent" when I speak in English, so you wouldn't be able to tell me apart from a Caucasian person if you spoke with me over the phone. But also having learned so many languages, I'm able to pronounce a lot of sounds fairly accurately, so I sound authentic in all languages that I speak in to all but native speakers. Most of the languages that I know sound different enough from each other that someone that doesn't know them can still tell that the language is different.

&#x200B;

I've traveled back home to Pakistan a few times, and I would always encounter those beggars who come with elaborate stories. Like, my wife is sick and she needs surgery, and I managed to get money for that, but I need money for the flight to reach her, etc. I came up with a fun counter to that which was that I would act like I didn't understand them at all and would start speaking in a different language that they wouldn't know. Japanese was my go-to language while in Pakistan. The reaction those people would have was quite hilarious.

&#x200B;

As per apparently new rules, instead of acronyms, I'll use fake names. I'll keep them all 5 letter names so the columns line up decently enough. So anyway, on to my story now.

&#x200B;

**The Cast:**

**Karen** \- The star of the show

**Jimmy** \- Karen's husband, and a decent human being

**Zaraf** \- Me

**Wifey** \- My wife

**Singh** \- Restaurant Manager

&#x200B;

So my wife and I were at an Indian restaurant (in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada) enjoying our dinner and having a conversation. We speak in a mix of Urdu and English, just mixing with whatever feels easy. To someone listening in, they would be able to understand enough to figure out what we are talking about in most cases. We were sitting in a booth table so it was only open from one side. Karen and her family (Jimmy and her two daughters that looked like they were in their early teens), were sitting at an open table with an empty table between us.

&#x200B;

My wife is Pakistani like me, and what some Pakistanis like to do is eat rice with their hands. I prefer a spoon myself, but at this time my wife was eating with her hands. Apparently this Karen got offended at seeing my wife eat with her hands. When she came over, I started speaking in different languages acting like I didn't understand what she was saying in English. I'll translate what I said and put in parentheses which language I said it in.

&#x200B;

***Here's how it went:***

&#x200B;

*Karen walks over to our table with a sour expression on her face. Jimmy calls to her telling her to sit back down and leave us alone, but she ignored him. She addresses my wife directly.*

&#x200B;

**Karen**: What's wrong with you? Can't you eat your food in a civilized manner like the rest of us?

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Urdu*) Huh? What do you want? Can't you see we're eating?

&#x200B;

*Karen looks at me with surprise.*

&#x200B;

**Karen**: What did you just say?

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Urdu*) \[To Wifey\] Don't talk to her in English, just do what I'm doing.

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Urdu*) \[To Karen\] You're just a crazy woman, go sit back down.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: Why aren't you speaking in English?

&#x200B;

*My wife starts smiling and I try hard to keep a straight face.*

&#x200B;

**Wifey**: (*Urdu*) We are just enjoying our meal, why don't you go and sit down?

&#x200B;

**Karen**: I just heard you speaking in English, I KNOW you can talk in English!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Urdu*) Yeah, I can but I choose to not do so.

&#x200B;

**Wifey**: (*Urdu*) \[To Zaraf\] I think she's getting upset.

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Urdu*) \[To Wifey\] I know, that's what makes this so much fun.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: Stop it! Talk in English like I heard you before!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Japanese*) So you were listening in on our conversation? Don't you have any manners?

&#x200B;

**Karen**: Wait, that's some other language now. What the hell is this??

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: Leave them alone Karen, they don't speak English.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: I KNOW THEY DO! They're just pretending not to.

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: It doesn't matter, just sit down.

&#x200B;

*I start waving toward her table.*

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Japanese*) That's right, go back to your table you loud cow.

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: Karen they aren't doing anything wrong. Leave them alone.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: She's eating with her hands! I can't let the girls learn her uncivilized ways!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Hindi*) \[To Wifey\] Start licking your fingers.

&#x200B;

*My wife starts licking the rice on her right hand off the top parts of her fingers and that makes Karen rage even more.*

&#x200B;

**Karen**: OH MY GOD! Look at how gross she is being!

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: Stop looking at her if you don't like it then!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Arabic*) Hey you dumb bitch, do you behave this way everywhere you go?

&#x200B;

**Karen**: He changed languages again! I know he did! His accent changed!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Japanese*) Yep, and I can keep changing.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: SPEAK IN ENGLISH!

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: You must have heard them wrong. They don't know English. Leave them alone.

&#x200B;

**Karen**: Then why are they living here? They don't deserve to live here if they don't know English.

&#x200B;

*I was having a hard time keeping a straight face, so I disguised it by raising my voice and appearing angry. I gestured towards her and then pointed at her table.*

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Arabic*) Are you so dumb you can't even listen to your husband? Go sit down and stop embarrassing yourself!

&#x200B;

**Karen**: YOU DON'T DESERVE TO BE HERE! GET OUT!

&#x200B;

*At this point, the restaurant's manager Singh shows up to see what all the commotion was about. He's an Indian guy with a pretty heavy accent when he spoke in English, so I knew he'd speak either Hindi or Punjabi.*

&#x200B;

**Singh**: Excuse me, can you please keep your voice down? What is going on here?

&#x200B;

**Karen**: This woman is eating with her hands and it's disgusting! She's corrupting my children with her barbaric ways.

&#x200B;

**Singh**: Ma'am, there are no rules that forbid her from eating with her hands. Please leave them alone or I'll have to ask you to leave.

&#x200B;

*Now Jimmy gets up and comes over to where Karen is.*

&#x200B;

**Jimmy**: Sit down Karen, you've embarrassed yourself enough! THIS is why I can't take you anywhere!

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: (*Punjabi*) Ignore this dumb cow, her brain is smaller than a "ladoo" (an Indian sweet)

&#x200B;

*The manager starts laughing at my comment and Karen gets even redder in the face since she probably she thinks we're making fun of her.*

&#x200B;

**Karen**: ALL OF YOU SHOULD GO BACK TO YOUR COUNTRY!

&#x200B;

*Jimmy just takes her arm and leads her back to their table and sits her down, telling her to shut up. Her daughters look like they want to sink into the floor from embarrassment.*

&#x200B;

*I ramble a few more sentences in varying languages as a kind of venting before my wife tells me to just leave it alone.*

&#x200B;

*We finish our dinner about 10 min later, with Karen glaring at us the whole time. I go pay the bill and as we are walking out of the restaurant, we pass near Karen's table. I call out to Jimmy in perfect English (with no accent) while smiling and I give him a wave.*

&#x200B;

**Zaraf**: Hey buddy, I hope your enjoy your dinner! Have a good night!

&#x200B;

*Karen's eyes bulge as she screams.*

&#x200B;

**Karen**: I KNEW IT! SEE! THEY KNOW ENGLISH!

&#x200B;

*She tried to stand up suddenly, but instead ended up falling over backwards in her seat. My wife and I left the restaurant laughing before she could do anything else.*

&#x200B;

**TL;DR:** Karen gets upset that my wife is eating with her hands. I respond to her in various languages she doesn't understand. Hilarity ensues.

&#x200B;

**EDIT:** Wow! Thanks to all of the kind souls who gave me a platinum, six golds and 4 silvers! I never got them before and I'm really thankful!  


**EDIT 2**: I changed the acronyms to fake names for easier reading./nSo let me tell y’all about how this EM tried to have me be her free babysitter/lifeguard. 

We just got one of those above ground pools you setup yourself that is 4 ft deep and 14 feet round. We spent the majority of 2 days prepping and filling it and letting it warm. Finally yesterday it was ready, and my daughter asked if she could invite a little girl she is semi friendly with from down the street to come swim with her. Since they are 8 they are tall enough to stand with heads above water I said ok. Well her little friend brought her toddler sister, who is probably on the younger side of two. definitely too small to stand with head above the water. 

Well I tell friend that little sister can’t get in the water unless her mom is here to watch her, and send her home with the message. They both come back and she says “mom said she’s fine in her float and I can watch her.” And I said “no it’s not fine, I do not think an eight year old is responsible enough to watch a toddler in a pool, and I am not going to be the one watching her either. You need to tell your mom either she comes to watch your little sister or she is not getting in the pool.” They both go home and then BOTH COME BACK!! At this point I am livid and walk back to their house with them and pound on the door. No answer. I keep knocking, and then the garage door starts to open with this woman backing her car out!! I quickly went and stood at the end of the driveway with all the kids in tow, both of hers and both of mine. 

She gets out of her car all pissed off, and asks me what my problem is?! I tell her my problem is that I’m not her babysitter, and that I am definitely not going to be responsible for keeping her baby from drowning in MY swimming pool on MY property! She then proceeds to start baby talking her own kids saying “I’m so sorry babies the mean lady isn’t going to let you swim, I’m so sorry princesses” and on and on. of course toddler bursts into tears, and then EM screams at me “look what you’ve done!! You’ve made her cry and ruined her day! Hope you are proud of yourself!!   She then snatches up little sister who is screaming and tosses her in the car, and screams at friend to get in too. 

Friend is red in the face, and you can tell she is so embarrassed and just mumbles sorry, while climbing in the car. EM then proceeds to peel out of her own driveway and we walk back home. Bitch.

*spelling errors because I’m pissed just thinking about it lol

Since it seems to be assumed, i was NOT leaving the kids unattended. I was right beside the pool doing yard work and planned on continuing once all the kids were in the pool. I did not want to watch a small toddler in the pool as she would require extreme supervision, Like sitting and staring directly at her kind of supervision.  She could not even stand with her head above water. Also on top of that, my rule was refused when I asked politely the first time and demanded the second time, and then this woman tried to leave! After knowing I said no! For anyone who is saying “well you could have just watched her” no I couldn’t! I didn’t want too, and I don’t need a reason not to be a free babysitter for a tiny toddler that I have literally never met./nUpdate: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/aw4bnt/update\_ep\_shows\_how\_she\_is\_heartless\_reupload/?utm\_medium=android\_app&utm\_source=share](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/aw4bnt/update_ep_shows_how_she_is_heartless_reupload/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

Edit: just found out I'm in an rslash video! HI MOM I MADE IT!

This happened a couple hours ago, hilarious ending.

Backstory: I live in a middle-middle upper class neighborhood, everyone is very friendly, and its right next to a school. My neighborhood is in the east side of Pennsylvania, and if anyone lives near there you will know about the snow. We got about 6 inches of snow, so of course school was cancelled. This isn't important until later but I also have a service dog.

I woke up about 7 am, and decided to go outside and play with my dog, we were having fun running around when I noticed my neighbor trying to get in his car. Now I don't know what happened, and its not my business, but my neighbor is wheelchair bound. He drives his car with those special handles you attach to the pedals. Anyway, i noticed him trying and failing to get through the 6 inches of snow on his driveway, so I decided to help him out. I went to my shed, grabbed a shovel, and some rock salt. I walked over and offered to shovel his driveway so he could go wherever he needs to be. My neighbor accepted and thanked me for being so helpful, then he went back inside. Over the course of the next 45-60 minutes I shoveled his driveway, and salted it. My dog sat at the edge the whole time, ready for action like the good girl she is. After I was done, I informed my neighbor, who thanked me again, and started walking away.

*suddenly the clouds become dark and it starts storming, thunder and lightning everywhere, the devil had arrived* ^(not really)

The entitled mom was walking down the street and noticed me while I was finishing up, then she decided to strike ^(DUN DUN DUN).

Entitled mom: EP

Me: my service dog (Lol jk Me: M)

&#x200B;

EP: Hey, so I noticed you shoveled -neighbors- driveway and I was wondering if you could shovel mine?

M: Sure, i'll do it for $10.

EP: But you shoveled his driveway for free!

M: If you haven't noticed, he cant move his legs, or shovel the driveway himself.

EP: Well I have children and I need to drive to the store to feed them!

M: Well whats stopping you from shoveling? You seem perfectly fine to me.

EP: Can't you just help out a mother?

M: Give me $10 and I will.

EP: YOU F\*CKING MILLENNIALS HAVE NO RESPECT FOR ANYONE. I AM A HARD WORKING MOTHER AND YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO REFUSE WHAT I TELL YOU TO DO.

This bitch has the AUDACITY to try to grab my arm and try to PULL me.

M: *yanks arm away* What the f\*ck is wrong with you! Get away from me!

*My dog, although on the job, is very protective of me. At this point she stands in front of me, and growls at the lady.*

EP: Your dog is crazy! Shes going to attack me! You need to put down that monster! (By the way here is my little [monster](https://imgur.com/kzBg3ER), see how vicious and dangerous she is?)

M:*Yells* SIC EM GIRL (dog lets out a single bark, not even that scary)

EP: *RUNS FOR HER F\*CKING LIFE*

M:  *takes off dogs vest so shes not on duty, and throws stick near EP. She doesn't see it* GET IT GIRL Dog takes off towards the stick, EP turns around and a look of sheer terror fills her face as she sees my dog barreling towards her.

M: *Laughing my ass off*

I went home after that, and gave her extra treatos and pats for doing a big protec.

Hope everyone near me has a wonderful snow day!

 This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)./nSo, sorry for any grammatical errors, but I am Italian and I do not know English very well. Also sorry if this is not an incredibly long or exciting story, but I thought it would be funny to read.

This happened a couple of weeks ago. It was the day of my grandmother's funeral. She died in a hospital, and I was outside talking to the owner of the funeral company. This dude was also my Godfather, and I had a very good relationship with him. It might sound weird that my godfather is the owner of a funeral company, but to me, it's not. He's known me since I was a baby and he treated me like I was his son. Also to me his job is just like any other job, and it even has it's benefits.
Anyways, here we go.
I was, and still am, 17.

This story's cast is :
EM: entitled mother;
GF: my godfather (not girlfriend)
EK: entitled kid (even though he doesn't play a huge role in the story)
Me: yours truly

We were just outside the hospital, talking to each other. Parked in front of us were all the company vehicles, including the one you are all thinking about.
All of a sudden, EM approached us.

EM: hello.

Me: uh.... Hello.

EM had her kid just next to her and he was holding a drink.

EM: I was wondering if my son could take a ride on the limousine.

She then pointed her finger to the hearse (I think it's called like that in English)
It took me a while to respond for two reasons.
The first one was because that day I had so many thoughts going through my head, and a stranger coming to me out of nowhere caught me by surprise. I am a very introverted person, and I find it difficult to talk to people I don't know.
The second reason, was because I was holding my laugh. She legitimately thought that the hearse was a limousine.

Me: I'm sorry to say this, but that's not-

EM: Are you going to say no to a little child?

At this point, I don't know what to say.

Me: Miss, believe me. You don't want your son to go in that thing.

EM: Ugh... Why are you so stingy? Even if he spills his drink in the limousine, it won't be a problem. You have enough money to buy a limousine, so you'll surely have enough to clean it.

This is when my godfather gets in.

GF: Excuse me miss. What do you want to do?

EM: I want my son to ride the limousine!

My Godfather then said the most epic thing I have ever heard.

GF: *thinks for a bit* Well, sure he can ride the limousine. But only if he has a coffin to be in.

EM is a bit confused about the response. She takes a good second look at the "limousine", and then she realized. I have no idea how she confused a hearse for a limousine. Perhaps the company logo was out of her view or something. However, when she realized the mistake, her skin got pale and she just walked away as fast as she can with her kid. Me and GF just look at each other and start laughing.

This is my first post on here and I hope this goes on RSLASH because he's the best.

Have a good day.

Edit: thanks to everyone who has upvoted my post and made it possible for me to actually get on Rslash. It really made my day!/nMy partner and I purchased the house next door to my best friend. I had lived with him for close to a decade when his kids were babies, so they viewed my house as an extension of theirs, and were in and out all day, every day. I have a more flexible schedule than he and his wife, so I have them in the mornings, after school, and on days off of school. I had a pool in my yard, and because my friend's kids were still little, I installed a retractable cover and made sure it was locked so they couldn't open it. My friend's yard had one of those wood fort/climbing wall/swing set deals and a large sandbox.  Throughout the year, we spent most evenings outside, grilling, drinking, and watching the kids play/swim/whatever.

&#x200B;

One summer day, I came home from work a little earlier than normal, and started to prep for dinner. I heard a knock at my back door, which was odd, since my buddy's kids never knocked. I went to see who it was and discovered a mom and two kids who looked to be maybe 5-7 years old. As I opened the door, she informed me that her kids needed to use the bathroom and that I needed to come out and get the cover off my pool. I was confused and asked her to repeat herself, and she said that her kids needed to pee and that they were hot and bored with playing in the sandbox, so I needed to open up my pool.  I asked her why she was in my friend's yard and what made her think her kids were welcome to swim in my pool, or use my bathroom for that matter. She got really bitchy and told me that she had moved into the house behind us and that she had watched my buddy's kids come over all the time and I opened the pool for them. She insisted that since I was willing to open my pool for the kids next door, I should also open it for the children who lived behind me. I tried explaining the relationship between my best friend's family and mine. She claimed it didn't matter that I had known them since birth and pretty much had helped raise them, I just needed to get to know her kids too and it would be OK. 

&#x200B;

I told her no and closed the door on her. She spent a while knocking and fussing at me through the window, and then had her kids pee in a planter on the side of the patio. When I still didn't react, she took her kids back into my friend's yard to play on the swings. I texted him to let him know what was going on, right at the moment he was letting his 300+ pounds worth of Newfies out into the yard without noticing the unwelcome visitors. The mom starts shrieking and climbs up into the fort, leaving both kids on the swings. She starts demanding that we put the dogs inside and how dare my friend let his dogs out into his own yard when her kids are clearly playing there. He tells her to GTFO and calls the police. 

&#x200B;

When the cops arrived, she put on the whole waterworks about how her kids are just looking for friends, and my buddy's kids are somehow bullying her kids, even though they'd never met. That he invited her over just to let his dogs attack her children, blah blah blah. They eventually move her back onto her own property, then come back later to tell us they warned her about coming back.

&#x200B;

She lived in that house for almost a year before she and her husband divorced. During that year, I had to replace the lock over the pool cover controls 3 times, have a fencing company remove a gate at the back of my property that was meant to let the lawn mower through, and eventually pay a security company to come check on the yard any time we were going to be away for more than a few hours. We found her and her kids in our yards repeatedly, but she'd leave when we got home. What finally resolved the issue was my partner catching her in the pool. She told him she knew the man that owned the house and that he had told her it was OK to swim. He told her he was married to the man that owned the pool and that it's not OK to swim. She apparently had a bad reaction to realizing she was immersing her sons in gay water. We didn't see her again after that. /nI dearly wish I could claim this was me, or even a relative, so I could claim this degree of clever was in my genes. But it was not. It was a bouncer at a small town club, and when he made the comment there weren’t even the expected, cinematic ‘OOOOOHHH!” Or ‘WHAAAAT!” One would expect, just a dead, echoing silence from about 40 onlookers.

No need for cast, how dumb are you?

This mother and daughter pair were trying to get into the club late in the evening: the daughter was clearly young, and actually reasonably attractive in quite a nice, fashionable (as best my fashion-blind eyes can tell) outfit.

The mother was not obese, but certainly overweight, and had shoehorned her corpulence into hot pants and a tank top that would have been trashy on a supermodel, and friends...... she was no supermodel. Badly died stringy hair, cheap bulky jewellery, spray-on orange skin, all the trailer-trimmings.

I didn’t hear how the exchange started, but clearly these two were trying to cut ahead of the line. The bouncer, this massive, action-figure of a black man with an oddly babyish face and the patience of Job, had denied this effort.

Hilarity ensued.

The daughter threw a few verbal jabs, but seemed to be just mildly irritated. The sideshow hooker of a mother lost her bloody mind. Shrieking racial epithets that would curl the ear-hair of a plantation owner, and every horrific name you care (or do not care) to imagine. Interspersed with the expected ‘do you know who I am’, and ‘Get me the owner’, etc. The bouncer just stood there and didn’t React with anything but polite direction. Downright heroic.

After a few minutes of this vile screeching, the daughter is now embarrassed as hell, and trying to pull the mother away, people are gathering to watch and the whole thing has become a spectator sport. The Bouncer just kept politely saying ‘you will need to go to the back of the line like anyone else ma’am” or variations on that theme. By now the woman wasn’t even trying to argue the point, just squealing the revolting, and at this point quite repetitive, insults.

Then she screamed that he was an awful bouncer and would get fired that night. Then she tried to slap the bouncer.

She missed, quite badly, at which point the bouncer took a single step forward (she fell back with a shriek) and said quite loudly:

“Ma’am, at any point tonight have I ever told you how to suck off flabby obese old men in an alley for 5£ a shot?”

Clearly baffled, she said nothing but sputtered... he continued:

“No, Ma’am, I have never said anything like that. Not once.

So don’t tell me how to do MY job.”

Dead silence. Like, 40 people in the street, not a sound.

She yelled a couple more things then scuttled away with her daughter dragging her by the arm.

It’s been over a decade, but I still want to go find that bouncer and buy him a drink./nSo I've been lurking for a bit, and decided to share my EP story. This is gonna be a long one.

When I was 16, I worked at the amusement park in my city. It wasn't a big one, but it wasn't small either. Most of our rides were aimed towards elementary school-aged children, though we had a few for the older kids as well. Anyways, I was a rides operator, and that day, I was assigned to a ride designed for older kids. We had to measure the kids, and they couldn't go on if they were under the height requirements no matter what, even if they had a parent with them, because it was a ride that only had a bar that went across your stomach, so someone too small could easily fall off. 

Entitled Mother (who we'll call EM) and her entitled brat (EB) are in line, and I can already tell the kid is gonna be too short to ride without even having to measure him. He's pretty far back, so I know it's gonna be one or two runs before he makes it on, so after I'm done loading, I tell EM that her kid is too short for the ride and that they should go try the smaller version of it on the other side of the park. She looks at me with the dirtiest stare ever and just says: We're gonna wait here.

Now I have to run my ride because I need to meet certain times, so I don't argue. Time goes by and she's finally at the start of the line. I measure her kid, and of course he's like 6 inches shorter than the height requirements

Me: I'm sorry ma'am but your child is too short to ride this ride. I would recommend going over to the smaller version near the entrance of the park though

EM: No it's fine I'm with him I'll hold him

She tries to shove me out of the way, but I'm standing my ground

Me: I'm really sorry ma'am, but we don't allow people under the height limit to ride this ride. The safeties we have on it just won't hold someone too small, and your kid could fall off

She then asks to speak to my manager. I get asked that quite a lot by EPs, so I give them a call and tell her to wait on the side while I load my ride. She gets very offended, saying that she shouldn't have to wait longer for her kid to ride this ride because I couldn't do my job, and at this point I just kinda ignore her and move on. Ride runs, my team lead gets there and talks with her. He tells her that he's really sorry but that I'm right, her child can't ride this ride. Now at this point EB is throwing a tantrum, and I mean, he's rolling on the concrete like a piece of bacon in a frying pan. I'm trying my hardest not to laugh at this point. 

Anyways, my lead apologizes, offers her a "skip the line" ticket for the ride he's allowed to go on at the entrance, and leaves. EM is trying to calm down EB, and starts talking to him. He gets up, all smiling and happy, and stands next to the gates, watching me. Now I'm not thinking too much of this at this point, so I start loading my ride again, which has a significantly less busy line, and I have a couple of empty seats on it. As I'm doing my security checks and getting ready to run it, EM taps me on the shoulder and thanks me for my help, which I found extremely odd. I turn around to tell her that it's really no problem, and she starts apologizing and telling me that she shouldn't have acted the way she did and blah blah blah. I'm completely stunned, not really sure how to react, but I tell her it's no problem and to enjoy the rest of her day.

I look back at my ride, and realize that EB isn't standing next to the fence anymore. I'm starting to get weird vibes. I look around for him and he's not anywhere to be seen. I look at EM again, who has her phone out with her camera pointing at the ride, and that's when I knew. I take my keys out the ride, and start walking towards it. It's kind of a "swing" type of thing so I couldn't see the back from where I was standing, but I knew damn well EB had snuck on. EM starts panicking, asking me what I'm doing and why I'm not running the ride. I completely ignore her and walk to the back of the ride, and lo and behold, EB is sitting there, and almost shits himself when he sees me walking towards him.

He didn't have the bar properly locked AT ALL, and would've flown right out as soon as I started the ride. Now, I am mad, and I mean mad. I mean I could've gone to jail for manslaughter right here and there. I just look at him, and very sternly tell him to get off my ride. He tells me he can't and he needs help, which is fair. I mean I don't even know how he managed to get on in the first place, but I grab him and put him down, and he starts sprinting towards his mom crying. As he's running, he trips and falls down on his face. When he gets up his nose is all bloody and his knees are skinned, which is when I knew I was completely and utterly fucked.

EM starts screaming like a banshee at the sight. As I'm running towards the kid to make sure he's not dead and to help him up, she runs towards me, slaps me hard across the face and starts yelling for security. I'm absolutely and completely stunned at this point. Some security guards must've heard her screaming at the top of her lungs because they come running, and the exchange goes something like this (security guard is SG)

SG: What's going on here?

EM: This girl assaulted my son! She threw him off the ride unto the pavement!

Me: Excuse me???

(Did she really want them to believe I just yeeted her child 10 feet away from where he was sitting?)

EB: it's true!! She punched me too

SG: Do you want us to call the police?

EM: yes! You need to arrest her!! She's mentally unstable 

I'm just dumbfounded at this point. My lead gets to the ride and asks what the hell is going on, and I tell him everything that happened in between sobs. There's one thing EM forgot to take into account though: there were like 15 people on the ride who saw everything. So they tell the police and the security guards and my lead and everyone else what happened, and EM quickly realized her error, as she just started running with her kid in tow as soon as she saw people asking the other guests questions.

They caught her pretty quickly, and I pressed assault charges against her. Needless to say, I handed in my resignation that same day

Edited because of some spelling errors/nSo, basic information: Me and my best friends where in a beach, just chilling. One thing I need to inform is that my best friend is on the big breasted side of the spectrum. So, like any big breasted woman, bikinis are a nightmare to her, she always is stared at, and that makes she really uncomfortable. Now to the story.

&#x200B;

Me and her where in a more secluded part of the beach, we had swam and we decided to sit a bit. When we come back to our chairs a family has settled down near us. The mom was in her late 30's and the dad was in his early 50's, they had a child with them, a nineish years old boy. We didn't pay mind to them, we just sit on our chairs and talk for a bit, I noticed the dad of the family looking at my friend but paid no mind. I decide to pick something to drink, there was a bar nearby, I asked my friend if she wanted something, she asked me for a lemonade. I go to the bar and se the EM coming near me. I waited in the line, until EM comes to talk to me. EM: Entitled Mother Me: ... A unicorn.

&#x200B;

EM: "Hi, I saw that you and your friend are nearby me and my family" I just nodded to her.

"I think your friend is really beautiful, but she is showing too much cleavage" I looked at her, trying to think what to respond to this.

Me:Well, she can't be faulted for being born with big breasts can her?" She looked at me like she was expecting me to agree with her.

EM:"Well she could not use a bikini that small" She said with a somewhat  annoyed voice.

Me: " She can do whatever she wants lady" She become red at that, I don't think that this woman has ever heard someone disagree with her before.

EM:"She is looking like a slut! My child will be traumatized!" I looked back to where my friend is sitting, I have a clear view of her and the EM's family. Her child is doing sand castles, a cute view I might add, and her husband is starring hard at my friend who was passing sunscreen at the time. So, the problem was not her child, it was her husband. 

Me:"Well I can't do much lady, now please leave me alone" Finally it was my turn, so I pick my drinks and ignore the EM. She wasn't happy about it though.

EM:"Don't you dare ignore me young man, I'm not finished" I just look at her and took a sip of my drink before saying.

Me:"Lady, your kid isn't even looking at my friend, your husband in other hand..." I pointed at her husband who was staring at my friend with hungry eyes. She looked shocked, and just starting walk to her husband, I go to my friend, gave her drink and sit beside her, watching the wife furious whispers to her husband. Not long after, my friend and I decided to leave. 

&#x200B;

I didn't tell my friend about the crazy lady, she has confidence issues enough. At least I didn't see this family ever again. /nAt first I wasn't sure if this was an entitled parent story, because I think this woman is just plain crazy. But after reading a few of these I have figured out that crazy and entitled are one in the same.

Years ago this new neighbor of mine (she had recently moved to a house on the next street over) kept trying for the better part of a summer to use me as a free babysitter. It started when her kid, who was really a cute, well behaved kid about 7 years old, showed up at my door at 7:15 in the morning. We were all just waking up and getting around so I told him that my boys weren't ready to play yet and to come back in a few hours. That is when the kid told me his mom had gone to work. This seemed a bit odd to me so I brought him in and tried to call his mom. (This was the time of only land lines) Sure enough she was gone. 

So I brought him in and fed him breakfast. He stayed with us the rest of the day and he got along well with my two boys who were 5 and 10. I had only talked to his mom about two times, so I had no idea why she would think this was a good idea. When his mom came home I walked him over so I could talk to her. I told her not to do that again. I told her that I would be willing to watch him on occasion if asked first but not everyday. Her response was: "Well, what else do you have to do all day?"

This kind of took me by surprise. I tried to tell her that I work at home on commisions. She rolled her eyes and told me that being an artist isn't a 'real job' and besides I was married so I didn't need to work. I should have pointed out to her that she was married and working, but I felt myself getting angry and I didn't want to argue with her.

"Just don't do that again." I said to her. "You have teenage kids home for the summer, have them babysit." She frowned at me and said: "They work."

"I said "So do I!"

Then I went home.

The next morning at 7:15 the kid sheepishly shows up again.

Once again I bring him in and feed him breakfast and later lunch.

Once again I took him to his home and once again told his mother to please not do that again. She actually tried to tell me that it was my neighborly duty to watch him and I told her that if she sent him tomorrow I wouldn't be there because of a doctors appointment. 

She said that as a babysitter I should have given her several days notice about this. I angrily told her I was NOT a babysitter and then went home.

The next morning I made my 7 a.m. appointment. (Blood work, that is why it was so early) I did some grocery shopping afterward and it was about 10 a.m. when I got home. The poor kid was waiting for me on my porch. He had been there for nearly 3 hours and the little guy was scared and hungry.

That night when I took the kid home I was angry. I told her how the kid was scared and alone. She actually said that she had told me I hadn't given her enough time to find anyone else and that his being alone was my fault. I pointed at her and said: "I am NOT a babysitter! Don't send him over again!"

That night this woman had her adult nephew call me to scream at me for not being home when his poor aunt dropped her son off. How dare I leave a small child alone like that? I told the nephew that his aunt KNEW I wasn't home so it was HER that left a child all alone. I said that I had repeatedly asked his aunt NOT to send the kid over anymore and I was NOT a babysitter. This nephew freaked out at me when I said that and I hung up on his screaming at me.

This worked for two wonderful quiet days. Then right back to it. I tried everything, but this woman insisted that it was my neighborly duty to babysit and would tell me as much. Finally I decided that to solve this problem I would just get a job outside of my home and that way she would have to stop. (I was too much of a pacifist back then. I no longer am) I landed an interview for a position at the local library and I was ecstatic. I told the woman to keep her son home because I had arranged for my kids to stay with their grandmother while I went to this interview. The next morning I drove to my mother in law's house and took my kids inside.

When I went to leave I found this woman's kid waiting for me in my car!  She had actually followed me there and put her son in my unlocked car and then zoomed off while I was dropping off my boys. My mother in law wasn't the most flexible person in the world and she adamantly refused to watch an extra kid. I had to cancel my interview. 

I was livid.

I toyed with several ideas at this moment. I could take the kid to her job and leave him with her...or I could call the police and CPS. I really wasn't sure how stable this woman's job was and I didn't want her to get fired, and when I went to go call the CPS I chickened out because it really wouldn't be fair to the little boy. Besides I had heard really scary stories about CPS. In the end I just waited for her to come home. I left the boy at my house with my hubby (I planned on doing a lot of cussing) and I stomped over to her house and met her before she even got out of her car. I shouted at her. I told her she was dense, stupid, moronic and crazy.  I told her that she had lost me my job interview and if she sent her kid over to be watched again I was going to call CPS and the police. I told her that she was violating my space and if it took going to court to get her to knock it off then so be it.

She then put her hand on her hip and in her most snotty tone she said: "Well if you didn't want to sit with him, all you had to do was tell me."

 I really do not know how I kept from punching her right then and there, this comment was so asinine. I turned on my heels to start stomping home when I saw her husband pulling up. Now this was the first time I had ever met her husband. He worked at a job that only allowed him to be home on weekends. (I can't blame him, I wouldn't want to be around her either) But when she saw him she turned tail and RAN into her house. He saw that I was upset and asked me what had happened. I told him. Told him all of it, especially the incident at my mother in law's. The poor man was shocked. He had been told that I was being paid and he had been giving her money to pay me! He had no idea all this had been going on and he was very, very apologetic over the whole thing. In fact he  apologized again to my husband when he came over to pick up his little boy. 

Finally, FINALLY, she stopped sending her kid over! 

Later I heard from others that she was badmouthing me and warning folks about what a horrid babysitter I was but I took that as a favor. I didn't want to babysit any kids other than my own and I still hate doing so. I don't hate the kids, I love kids. It's dealing with the parents that I don't like.

The kid came over only once in a while after that to play with my kids, after he called first to get permission, exactly the way it should be done. I'm sure his dad had something to do with that because the kid only came over on weekends. 

This is one of a few stories I have involving this crazy lady. Her only entertainment in life seems to be seeing how bizarre she can act in this neighborhood. I'm luckier than my other neighbors in the fact that she leaves me alone now, and I'm very happy with that./nMy pregnancy was okay up until the last month. It was 95 degrees outside, I was retaining so much water, my sandals hardly fit on the biggest setting and I was constantly in pain. It sucked. 

I run (waddle) to the store for a couple last minute things for baby, and I was sooo relieved that there was a parking spot for preggos & parents near the entrance. I pulled in and took a few moments to chug water and gather my things when I notice a car pull up to my left. They were half in the handicap parking stall and yelling something out the window. I rolled my window down and hear ‘you shouldn’t be in that spot you don’t have kids. My son shouldn’t have to walk from the back of the parking lot’ or something to that effect, I was a little stunned to be yelled at tbh. I calmly told her that I was VERY pregnant, and this stall was for pregnant women too. 

She kept talking to her son, but at me, you know what I mean? ‘Sorry son, you have to walk in the heat, because this lady parked in our spot’.

So, I opened my door and hoisted my giant, land-whale-esque body out of my car. She was still turned around ‘talking to her son’ and when she finally saw me, I was about 3 ft away from her window. 

I bent down (lol, no, I tilted my head down) and said ‘do you see how pregnant I am? I think you and your son will be okay walking.’ And then I saw the son... he was like 7?!? The kid can walk. She just sighed and drove away. 

I was so pissed. I wish I said more to her. 

/nMy story is nothing special compared to others probably because I'm an asshole and don't fold to anyone.

cast 
> me - probably jesus you never know
> gf - girl fierri
> EM - some dumbass who doesn't respect firearms
> ck - adorable kid who was just curious
> mk - my kid the cutest kid in the world (I'm the future step father if your curious)

english is my only language but I'm an idiot so please chastise me because i can't spell and this formatting bullshit escapes me

**ON TO THE STORY**

I am at the park with my daughter and girlfriend helping her play on the slide as ck is running around with strangers kid playing with a fake gun and finger guns, now i am trying to make it a personal habit to always carry my gun with me where ever i go, i fully conceal it as much as possible but im guessing when i reached up to put my baby girl on the slide it must have revealed it cause next thing i know i feel a tug at my shirt where my gun is so i quickly turn around and it goes as follows 

>me : what's up little buddy

> ck : let me see your gun we are playing cowboys and he doesn't have one (points to friend)

>me : no no sorry pal no one can have this but me its dangerous 

> ck : (looks angry pretends to shoot me and runs off) 

over? i hoped but no, soon i hear a **ahem** 

> me : what 

> Em : why can't my kid play with your toy

> me : what toy 

> Em : the toy gun on your hip 

> me : um no sorry this is a real gun and its dangerous ( proceeds to check to make sure its still hidden under shirt (it is))

> Em : so just take the bullets out and let him play with it

> Me : how bout you fuck off?

> Em : (baffeled look) well i never what's the harm of him playing with it if its unloaded

> me : I'm sure you haven't, and because loaded or not I'm not letting a child play with a fucking gun you halfwit, don't you have someone else's business to mind

> Em : im going to call the police because you have a gun at a park 

> me : go right the fuck ahead its a public place 

> Em : (huffs and storms off not to he heard from)

was an annoying encounter that put a damper on my already sour day

**edit**
this takes place  in america, 
ages 
me - 23 
gf - 22 
mk - 2 
ck - maybe like 5-7 was short but seemed competent 
Em - looked alittle older than me so maby like 25/nI was playing on a minecraft server with 5 friends at the time this happened and this new kid joined our game and our Skype call. He kept breaking our builds and demanding we give him stuff.

We originally decided to ban him, but we wanted to have some fun, so we kept killing him. The Skype call was basically 6 guys laughing and a little kid screaming, calling us hackers.

We were talking on Skype when EM called.

"LET MY SON PLAY ON THE SERVER, YOU UNGRATEFUL D\*CKS!"

"No," we all said at the same time.

"MY HUSBAND IS A LAWYER AND HE WILL SUE YOU AND I WILL CALL THE POLICE FOR HARASSMENT!"

"Shut up, lady!"

"DON'T YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT! MY SON DESERVES ALL YOUR ITEMS MORE THAN ALL OF YOU COMBINED!"

"F\*ck off, woman!"

"YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO F\*CKING SWEAR! ONLY ADULTS ARE ALLOWED TO USE THAT KIND OF LANGUAGE!"

One of us makes a christian minecraft server meme and she gets really pissed.

"HOW DARE YOU INSULT MY RELIGION! YOU ARE ALL GOING TO HELL!"

"ALRIGHT. WHERE DO YOU LIVE?"

We start making up addresses like "69 weed st" and "420 f\*ck off ave".

"THAT'S IT! I'M LEAVING!"

"About time."

She left and blocked us.

Me and my friends still joke about that incident.

Edit: Thanks for the awards!

Edit edit: to all you people from Pyro's video, yes, I am Pielord./nMy boyfriend's cousin (his [paternal uncle's](https://www.reddit.com/r/MensLib/comments/cbkd4t/my_boyfriend_takes_very_good_care_of_himself_and/) daughter) has 4 children. Each of her kids is the personification of the word 'bratty'. The said cousin refuses to discipline them and constantly makes excuses for their behavior. She's also very  judgemental of our decision to not have children. She has often made some snide comments towards me, implying that I'm the selfish cunt who is depriving my bf of the "joys of raising children". For these reasons and for her generally entitled behavior, my boyfriend had cut ties with her.

&#x200B;

However, when he and I visited his parental home three days ago for his parent's anniversary celebration, we ran into her again.  My boyfriend's dad had urged him to use this occasion to mend bridges with the cousin. So we both tried to make nice and engaged in small talk with her. During our conversation, bf mentioned that we were leaving for Melbourne for vacation in a few days.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

At this, cousin's eyes lit up. "Oh that sounds like so much fun" she said, "My husband and I haven't gone anywhere since our honeymoon." She whined some more about how hard it is for them with 4 kids, if only they could afford such luxuries  etc etc etc.  I could tell where this was going. My boyfriend probably felt sorry for her and, being the kind and generous soul that he is, offered to buy them a weekend in a resort in Mt. Abu (a hill station in the Indian state of Rajasthan).

&#x200B;

Cousin (face scrunched up) : "That's nice, but why can't you just take us to Melbourne with you?"

&#x200B;

BF (getting a bit annoyed, but still patient) : Well, we want to spend some time alone together. Plus we'll be meeting some close friends there. Besides, Mt Abu is a beautiful place. Your kids will love it.

&#x200B;

Cousin (in the annoying 'Karen' tone) : I still don't see why you can't take us to Australia. You're being so selfish, going on this great trip and sticking your family with a cheap weekend getaway.

&#x200B;

BF's Mom : \[Cousin's name\] He's making a very generous offer. Either take it or leave it.

&#x200B;

Cousin (wearing the expression that morons wear when they think they've had a bright idea) : Oh I know! Why don't my husband and I go to Mt Abu and you can take our kids to Melbourne.

&#x200B;

Me : What ???

&#x200B;

Cousin : It's a great idea. The kids can have fun in Melbourne with you two and my hubby and I can enjoy a  peaceful weekend. This way the kids can actually spend some time with their uncle. You never make time for them!

&#x200B;

BF : I'm offering for the last time. It's either the weekend in Mt Abu or nothing at all. And why the hell would we ruin *our* vacation taking care of your *kids?*

&#x200B;

Cousin : How can you say that? My kids are so well behaved. You'll have so much fun spending time with them. Besides, my husband and I could really use some quite time together.  You and shygirlturnedsassy don't have any responsibilities. You have no idea how hard it is ti raise 4 kids. You can afford this trip. I don't see why you won't share with family......

&#x200B;

BF : One more word and you're loosing my Mt Abu offer.

&#x200B;

On hearing this the cousin STFU. We all had dinner together and she was mercifully quite. If only her kids had followed her example.

&#x200B;

You'd think this would be the end of it , but NO! We had seriously underestimated her dedication to her Karenness. This morning, cousin showed up at my apartment with the kids in tow. I was shocked to see her of course and asked if something was wrong. She smiled and said "I'm just here to drop the kids off. You're leaving tonight right?"

&#x200B;

After taking a second to recover from the shock I asked " Did you fall and hit your head on something? We told you we weren't taking your kids with us. What part of that did you not understand.

&#x200B;

She then tried to convince me that my bf had called her later on and had agreed to take her kids. I knew this was bullshit and called it as such.

&#x200B;

Cousin became enraged and asked if I was going to break her kids' heart, why would I break our promise and how bf and I could be so cold. I called my bf and after telling him what was going on I turned on the speaker.

&#x200B;

My boyfriend proceeded to chew her out  brutally, telling her she he would no longer pay for their weekend getaway and that this is exactly the kind of behavior that had made him cut ties with her . She tried to get a word in but he wouldn't let her.

&#x200B;

Cousin took her kids and stormed off. Bf and I are having a laugh over this and are still wondering what made her think that this plan would ever work./nEDIT: Spelling and formatting. 

EDIT 2: Wow! Didn't expect such a response!  My sincere thanks to you all! One point, for clarification. This happened about 13 years ago and I have been out of the army for 10 years myself. Thanks again for all the up votes and kind words! !!!!!

EDIT 3: Some acronym definitions. I forgot that not everyone has military experience, apologies.  NCO- Non commissioned Officer. 
BFE- Butt Fu**ed Egypt 
PSG- Platoon Sergeant 
DC- District of Columbia
TOG- The Old Guard

EDIT 4: Holy cow!  Thank you again everyone!!!!This has exploded.  I got my first Silver!!!!! AND MY FIRST GOLD!!!!!!!! WOW!!


Was reading a post by u/MrHouck and it reminded me of this incident.   

Backstory: Joined the Army right out of high school. During basic training,  I voulenteerd for a unit within the army known as The Old Guard. (TOG from here on) TOG is responsible for ceremonies in the DC area and funerals in Arlington National Cemetery, amongst other duties. TOG consists of units you may have heard of,  such as the US Army Drill Team and the Sentinels of the Tomb of the Unknowns, as well as lesser known platoons such as the Presidential Guns Salute Battery and the US Army Continental Color Guard and is the oldest active unit in the army.  (I only say this to emphasize that TOG isn't some unheard of rifle company from BFE, it's a fairly big deal in the army and in the DC area in general.) 

Story time: So no shit,  there we were. It's the 4th of July in DC. Big celebration, all kinds of stuff going on,  I'm sure you can picture it.  Most of the celebration goes on in front of the Capitol on the National Mall. As part of the festivities,  my unit,  the Presidential Guns Salute Battery fires the bassline for the performance of the 1812 overture. (3 inch anti-tank guns firing blanks) Only the more seasoned guys in the platoon get picked to do it,  so the rest of us are given a cordoned off area in the very front. We bring some food,   some chairs,  our families,  and we have a cookout during the day  and watch the show when it starts. 

During the earlier parts of the day, it isn't too crowded,  but as evening draws near it becomes packed in nearly shoulder to shoulder.  Fortunately,  as I mentioned before,  we had our own area at the front roped off from the general public giving us ample room to have our cookout. (Perk of working for the government) Throughout the day we would have people politely ask if they could join us, we said no but were always respectful. We weren't in uniform,  but we had our unit T-shirts on so we were still representing the army. 

Enter Karen. It's midway through the afternoon,  still a few hours before the show.  We're enjoying the weather and the time off. I happened to be near the edge of our area when I hear someone behind me. I turn around and there she is, pinched face and a haircut that says 'I want to speak with your manager's manager. '

**Karen**: Excuse me young man,  could you ask your father to take this rope down? This is supposed to be a public area for everyone and my kids can't see the Capitol. (Mind you there are signs hanging on the rope  every 5 feet explaining the purpose of the rope)

**Me**: (with my best PR smile) I'm sorry ma'am, this area is reserved for members of TOG and their families. If you'd like to come back a little closer to dusk, we'll be taking the rope down around then. 

**Karen**: TOG? I've never heard of that before. 

**Me**: (always happy to drop knowledge) Ma'am, TOG is the primary ceremonial unit for the US Army and escort to the President of the US of A

**Karen**: I don't see the president. Shouldn't you be escorting him or something then? *rolls eyes*

**Me**: Uhh.... ( I had no idea how to respond to that,  fortunately I was saved. )

**Platoon Sergeant** (PSG from here on): (Places hand on my shoulder) Good afternoon ma'am, I'm Sergeant First Class Guyincharge (obviously made up name) , what seems to be the problem? 

As I knew this was my cue to GTFO, I went back to my chair and observed their interaction. Couldn't hear anything,  but the interaction concluded with Karen walking away looking annoyed. Didn't think anything else of it until about 2 hours later. 

We're cleaning up our trash, breaking down the chairs and tables and such. Out if the corner of my eye I see Karen approaching again,  this time with two Capitol Police officers in tow.  PSG must have noticed too, I heard him mutter "what in the fu**?" under his breath as he walked to intercept the trio.

I didn't hear all of the conversation,  but we all heard about it later.  

**PSG**: Officers, what seems to be the problem?  

**Cops**: (Obviously exasperated by the situation) Sergeant Guyincharge, we received a report that your soldiers were making lewd gestures and comments towards this woman's family. Is there any truth to this? 

**PSG**:*laughs* Absolutely not,  ive been supervising them all day,  nothing even close to that has happened today. 

**Cops**:(nodding as though this was what they expected) We had assumed that,  but we had to follow up.  Sorry to bother you. 

**Karen**: You mean your going to just let them sit there and hog up all of the space!? I drove my kids 9 hours to see this!!!!!

**Cops**: Ma'am, these men are here with the expressed permission of the Capitol Police and the District of Columbia. There are signs there (points to a sign not 3 feet away) that explicitly state that. 

**PSG**: (trying to diffuse the situation) Ma'am, we're cleaning up our area right now,  as soon as we are done we will be removing the rope to let everyone in. If you can be patient and wait,  we can get you and your family right up front here in about 20 minuets. 

Karen proceeded to stare at them,  much like a cow stares at an incoming train.  Then she spun around and walked away without another word. We think it's all over,  we go back to what we were doing. We were wrong.

We're just finishing up,  taking the ropes off of the pylons and stacking the pylons in the arms of another dude in the platoon. Out of nowhere,  here comes Karen, trailed by her 4 children and obviously stressed spouse.  (I'm assuming spouse,  could have been boyfriend or, baby daddy) "It's about time! Get out of my way!" Karen all but screams as she goes barreling right through Private Anotherguy. 

Gotta pause here for a second. To be in TOG you have to be between 5' 10" (178cm)  and 6' 4" (193cm), and maintain the army standard of physical fitness. To add to that,  TOG is an infantry unit. If you aren't aware,  infantry are generally the front line soldiers in combat, and we are trained for just that. So, suffice to say,  none of us were small,  nor weak. Karen was probably around 180ish. So when I say she barreled through this dude,  I mean it.  She put some force into it. 

Anotherguy goes sprawling to the ground,  steel pylons fly in every direction. A couple hit him in the face,  chipped a tooth and split his eyebrow open. One pylon bounces of the ground and hits one of Karen's fu**trophies in the leg. The kid,  probably 12 or 13, starts wailing like he lost a limb. 

As we are helping Anotherguy to his feet,  Karen is losing every last ounce of her shit.  Red faced,  screaming about how she's going to sue us for assault,  how we probably aren't even real soldiers,  how we've ruined her family vacation blah blah blah......

At this point PSG is done with her. If Karen thought she was being loud,  she quickly learned there are few things louder than a pissed off senior NCO.

With a single word he quieted everyone within 50 feet of us. 

**PSG**: STOP! (paused for dramatic effect) THAT IS ENOUGH. YOU HAVE BEEN HARASSING ME AND MY SOLDIERS ALL AFTERNOON. WE HAVE TRIED TO BE NICE,  WE HAVE TRIED TO BE RESPECTFUL.  YOU HAVE BEEN NOTHING BUT RUDE. NOW YOU'VE INJURED ONE OF MY SOLDIERS. THIS.  STOPS.  NOW!

I think Karen might have had a small stroke right then. She stood,  mouth agape, not able to utter a single word. And then,  as if right on cue, here come those two Capitol policemen. 

They hadn't been far away,  and had seen the entire incident. I didn't think Karen's eyes could get any wider, until the first officer pulled out a pair of cuffs and said,  "Ma'am turn around and put your hands behind your back.  You are under arrest for assault and harassment."

She tried every excuse she could think of,  but the cops were having exactly none of her shit. They talked to Anotherguy, he wanted to press charges. So they carted her off. I don't know what the father did with the kids,  they dissappeared when the cops took Karen.

Come to find out after Anotherguy comes back from the court hearing,  Karen had been carrying 3 bottles of pills that weren't hers,  and 2 stolen credit cards when the cops searched her.  No idea what kind of time she got, but  it wasn't enough. 

After all was said and done,  we watched the 1812 overture and laughed about Karen for weeks afterward. Anotherguy was fine, a chipped tooth and a little bit of bruising. Nothing major fortunately. 

TLDR: Karen tries to bully an infantry platoon out of our cordoned off area during 4th of July celebration on the national mall in DC. She gets arrested. She has drugs. We laugh for a long time. 

Moral of the story. Read signs.  Don't fu** with the infantry./nSorry if there is any mistake in the post, English is not my first language:)


So, as usual, I'll be Me, Em is entiltled mother and D is her daughter.


 A little backstory: I am a nineteen year old male, and I live with my parents. I was born female, but began transitioning six years ago. I am on hormone, and I have beard and my top surgery, so if people didn’t know me before my transition, they don’t know I'm transgender I have been with my boyfriend for 3 years now. 


As a transgender male, I still have to go to the  gynecologist, and it's a really uncomfortable moment for me, but I've been going to the same one for more than a year, and it always went well, until last week.


Normally, my boyfriend comes with me, but he had something come up so he couldn't go with me last week. I could always asked a friend to come with me, but i tought it would be alright. Oh boy how I was wrong.


My appointement was at one, but because I had something to do before that took less time than expected, I ended up in the waiting room at 12h30. The room was quite full, so I had to sit down to a lady that was waiting there with her daughter.


The clinic I go to has two  gynecologist working there, and I had and appointement with one of them, but the lady sitting next to me had an appointement with the other. Since it was a really busy day, some people there had been waiting for quite a long time.


The lady sitting next to (who is Em) started talking to me, and I quickly realized she was under the assumption that I was waiting there for my girlfriend, or that my girlfriend was already with a doctor. I can totally understand why she made that assumption, and I didn't really want to correct her and have to explain everything.


Em started to talk to me about how a great kid her daughter was, and to be honest it wasn't really interesting, but I didn't want to be rude so i just listened to her ramble about her daughter's academic performance.


I was alright until Em outright asked me when my girlfriend would be there. Here is how the conversation went:

Em: “So , you’re girlfriend should be done soon, no? We’ve been waiting for her to finish for a long time.”

Me: “ Um, I’m not here with my girlfriend. Im actually waiting to see a doctor too.”

Em: “ What? You’re in the wrong place, the doctors here are gynecologist.”

Me: “ I know, and I’m waiting to see one.

At that point, I was extremely uncomfortable, because I didn’t want to be rude to the lady, but I also didn’t want to explain my story to a complete stranger. I could also see that some other people who were waiting were listening to our conversation.

Em: “ You’re obviously wrong, this is a doctor for GIRLS only, a freak like you has nothing to do here. You’re just here to see girls getting undressed.”

Me: “ Please leave me alone, I don’t have to explain myself to you, and since I have an appointment I have the right to be here just like you.”

Ed: “ Get out of here! I don’t want a weirdo like you to be here!”

It was the first time Ed had talked, and at that point, I decided to get up and to wait standing up rather than to stay next to them. Many people in the waiting room were shooting me weird glances, and I hated it.

Em then got up and walked to me.

Em: “ You heard my daughter. She’s uncomfortable with having you here, so if you don’t leave in the next ten seconds, I’m gonna call security.”

Before I could answer her, my name was called on the intercom, and I was so relieved!

But when I turned around to go in the appointment room, Ed saw the small pin on my backpack, it’s a trans pride flag. She must have recognized it, because she catched up with her mother who was following me, and told her:

Ed: “ Mom, it’s not a boy! She’s transgender!”
She sounded really proud of herself, and I was dying inside, walking faster to the appointment room. As soon as I got in front of it, Em blocked the door.

Em: “ I won’t let a freak like you steal my appointment! Me and my daughter were here before you! Now leave, you have nothing to do here instead of trying to spy on my daughter, you disgusting lesbo.”

I was really panicking at that point, but just when I was a bout to leave to avoid a bigger confrontation, a girl from the waiting room and her bf came up. They basically told Em that if she didn’t leave me alone and go back to the waiting room without causing more trouble, they would call the security on her.

She thankfully listened to them, but not without insulting me a few more time before going back to the waiting room. I was so thankful, and the girl and her bf even apologized to not intervening sooner. They told me that they would make sure she wouldn’t try to bother me during my appointment.

When I told my doctor what had happened, she actually made sure that after today, Em wouldn’t be a client in their clinic anymore.

So, this is what happened, thank you very much for reading.

Edit: I don’t have the time to answer every message, sorry, and thank you so much for the awards!/nHi Everyone,

Here is the link to my original post aka
[Event One](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c8pk1d/em_breaks_into_my_backyard_to_use_my_swimming_pool/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)


Sorry for not updating in a while but I have been incredibly busy at work and was not able to find time to update. Here are few more things that EM has done to my family and my neighbors since the first incident. 

Event Two:

I came home from shopping the next day and found out that EM went into my backyard a second time. I was out at the hardware store buying a new lock for the gate when this occurred. Before I had left to go shopping, I asked my elderly neighbor to keep an eye out for EM just in case.

Here is what my neighbor told me happened. She said that EM and her kids were in my yard playing with my family’s lawn games. We have several such as lawn darts, ladder ball, a fake axe throwing game, etc. She didn’t know how long they had been in the yard but when she noticed them, she went onto her deck and told them to leave. After making a fuss again, they complied and left. Apparently a lot of swearing and a full blown tantrum was involved.

I went into the yard to investigate and see if anything had been taken. Nothing was taken but a most of the games had damage. A few darts were snapped, an axe was broken and my inflatable unicorn float for the pool was popped.

I was livid at this point and I couldn’t believe this happened again. I spoke to my parents about this incident and I wanted to call the police. My parents told me not to bother though that it was just cheap stuff and that I should let it go. They told me that the police wouldn’t care about something so trivial. Ultimately they are the homeowners so it was not my decision.

I did make a point of taking all the broken pieces and throwing them over her front lawn. A few bags of dog waste included for extra fun. 


Event Three:

The EKs went into another elderly neighbor’s front garden and picked almost everyone of her flowers. She had a beautiful garden with roses and other expensive flowers in it. I was my neighbors’ pride and joy. She had been working on that garden ever since I was a child.

I was walking my dog when I found her crying in her garden as she cleaned up the mess. When she told me the story of what had happened it broke my heart. I asked her if she was going to call the police and she said that she already had. They had come earlier in the day and had gone over to talk to EM.

EM defended her EKs actions by saying that it was her birthday and the EKs thought she deserved a beautiful present (wasn’t that lovely of them?). She even proudly showed the bouquet off to the police officers. The police didn’t do anything other than give her a verbal warning and file a report.

Event Four:

The neighborhood has a park only three houses down from EMs home. Instead of walking they’re like a normal person she would load her kids up in the car and drives them over. There isn’t a parking lot at this park and most people who drive their will park on the side of the road.

Not EM, though she will run over the curb and park directly beside the children’s playground equipment. She has done this numerous times regardless of if there are other people at the playground. She will just honk her horn at you and scream for you to move. I have a video and pictures of her doing this. For the purpose of keeping this anonymous I am not going to post them as our park has a unique setup.

Some of the other neighborhood parents were obviously furious over her actions and she was confronted about her behavior. I stood with them watching as I was walking my dog at the time and I was very curious to see how this ended.

They told her she could hit a child or animal by doing this. She just started saying we were racist and that we were harassing her. She then went and called the police on us. She was acting very smug by doing this and seemed genuinely proud of herself. She told the group that we were going to be sorry for the way we have treated her since she moved in.  

As soon as the police came, she began to cry and claim that we had all been harassing her for weeks. She made up a whole bunch of lies about things we had done to her. She even threw herself on the ground and acted like a child. Two of her kids joined in on this tantrum and the others just continued to play.

The police interviewed everyone who was present and it very clear that she was wrong in this situation. The police pulled her aside and talked to her. She was given a very hefty ticket for reckless driving and she was told that if this happened again, she would be charged. For once she was silent and just left with her kids. To my knowledge she has not done this again since. 

That is all is all I have time to tell you about right now and I better get back to work before my boss notices. I wish I had more time to tell you everything that has happened, but I promise to update again soon./nSo first a little background. This happened about 3-4 years after I moved out of my parents house and have been living independently. Then one day I get this string of texts from my mom. 

Mom: "Hay, how have you been doing? What you up to two weeks from now?"

Me: "I've been doing alright, I've started lifting weights and exercising more. I don't think I'm doing anything too exciting next week. Why you ask?" 

Mom: "perfect! Me and <boyfriend> are going on a trip and need you to house sit and watch the dogs for us" 

Me: "sorry but I can't just leave for a week" 

Mom: "please, the dogs miss you and I'd really hate to put them in the kennel" 

Me: "Sorry but I have a job, I can't just go missing for a week" 

Mom: "why can't you drive to work from my house?" 

Me: "because it's a 2.5hr coummute each way" 

Mom: "you have vacation days, right? Just use them" 

Me: "no" 

Mom: "please. I'd feel really bad about putting <dog's name> in the kennel. You know how much she hates it" 

Me: "you obviously don't feel *that* bad about doing it" 

Then I hear nothing from her until the day before they have their trip. 

Mom: "Hay, we're leaving for our trip today and I was wondering when you were going to be here? I want to show you some things before we leave" 

Me: "What part of our last conversation gave you any idea that I agreed to this?"

Mom: "that's very rude of you and no way to speak to your mother. Now can we expect you here by 5?

And at that point I just put my phone on silent and stopped talking to her. 

EDIT: My landlord dosnt allow pets, so I couldnt keep them for a week. Also the dogs went to the kennel and came out just fine. However this all happened a while ago and both dogs have passed sense then. One to stomach cancer, the other to old age :( Ill miss you, <dog's name> and <other dog's name>/nThis happened earlier today, so it’s about as fresh as the glasses of strawberry milk that appear in our fridge every once in awhile and nobody takes responsibility for.

So I was out at the grocery store questioning the amount of mini pizzas that I can get and still be able to fit them in the freezer when I heard rolling behind me. Not a big deal until I turned around and realized my cart was gone. I saw someone pushing a cart down at the end of the aisle, I ran up to them, but unfortunately they weren’t the Entitled Mom (from this point on her name will be Carol).

I go looking around for my cart but can’t find it because Carol pulled a Get Out Fast, but eventually security comes to up to me and asks me to come to the front of the store with them. I go, and there I find Carol with my cart, and her baby sitting in it.  

Carol: That’s the man that tried to kidnap my baby!

Security: Sir, what happened between you and Carol?

Me: I’ve never met her, the only thing I can think of is that while my back was turned someone took my cart and my drink was in the cupholder (it was still there, had my name on it and everything)

Security: Can you show your ID?

I showed the guard my ID, matched up with my appearance and the name on the cup.

Security began talking to Carol when I got a text from my husband, it was a meme, nothing important. Carol noticed this, and the fact that my phone screen was cracked. It isn’t a big crack, but it’s around the middle (dropped my phone on chopsticks while out to eat).

Carol: That’s my phone! He broke it so I’ll cut my finger when I use it! He’s trying to hurt me, arrest him for assault!

I’ve gotten cuts from cracked screens but they’re really just papercuts that bleed and don’t hurt as much. Legos have drawn more of my blood than cracked screens over my life, and I only replace cracked screens when I get a new phone or my husband insists on it. Cracked screens usually are not that dangerous, and mine certainly isn’t.

Me: Ma’am this is my phone, it’s been broken for months and it maybe cut me once. 

Carol: Prove it!

Knowing she’ll say I changed the passcode, I opened my photos app and gave it to the security guard with a quick warning about the content of some of the photos.

Security: What Type Of photos do you have on here?

Carol: Pictures of my family and kids!

Security: Do you have anything that could be considered inappropriate?

Carol: Of course not!

Security: Then why are there nude photos of OP from months ago on here?

Carol: He put them on there!

Security: No, these were put onto this phone months ago.

Carol: THATS A LIE!

Carol then tries to grab Security Guy by the shirt, but gets restrained. I’m given my cart back (without her baby) and she gets banned from the store.

Edit: yes I’m gay/nOn mobile sorry in advance.

 I took my kid (7f) to an animal sanctuary. They announced that they would be feeding a baby sloth at xyz time. So my kiddo and I head over to wait. My kiddo was right at the front, close enough to look the sloth in the eye.

Karen was standing to the right of my kiddo. Her son who looked to be about 11 years old comes shooting through the crowd and stands right in front of my kid. My kid has a list of neurological disorders and can't yet navigate the finer points of social interaction so she freezes and starts to tear up.

The following exchange occurs (EM entitled mom, EK entitled kid, me):

Me: excuse me, you're standing in front of my daughter

Ek: [dumbfounded look but doesn't move]

Me: hey bud could you please move to your right, you're blocking my daughter

Ek: [decided to give his balls a tug and replied] so?

Me: so...don't be rude. Move PLEASE

Em: [in Hindi to EK] ignore this stupid slut son

Me: [pushes my kid forward infront of asshat kid, then quietly to EM in Hindi] Auntie, this white slut knows Hindi [shit eating grin]

Em grabs EK and hot foots it out of the crowd. 

Today's lesson kids, don't assume someone doesn't speak a language because they are a different ethnicity.

Edit: Thank you kind stranger for my first ever silver. Made my day
Edit: wow Gold too? I would have never imagined...thank you kind stranger./nI work IT for a small company.  I support about 25 people total.  Anything tech related owned by the company and I am involved in it.  I like my job.  Most of the folks working here are good people even though some of them are very difficult to train on computers.

EP is a middle aged woman who, as far as I can tell, gets paid more than I do to do about 45 minutes of work a day that she stretches into a full 8 hour shift.  She can't really even do that 45 minutes of work correctly most of the time and I've had to come and retrain her on the software we use several times a month.  EP also refuses to listen when I am helping her with tech issues and has something new to complain at me about every week.  I'm told she only got the job because her dad and the owner of the company are old drinking buddies.  Well as annoying as EP is I was able to mostly ignore her until this incident last week.

I am in my office working on something when EP comes in with a laptop, some cables, and an iPad.  She sets them down on my desk and just looks at me without saying a word.

Me: "Uh...whats all this?"

EP: "My son's laptop and my iPad are having trouble.  Can you fix them?"

Me: "Sorry EP.  I don't work on personal devices.  If it isn't owned by the company I won't work on it.  You'll have to go to a shop or something."

EP: "Oh come on!  You fix this kinda stuff all the time.  I bet it takes you 5-10 minutes tops to get them running.  Then you can get back to whatever else you wanna fix."

Me: Pushing the items back toward EP "Sorry EP.  Not happening."

EP: Turning several shades of purple and red at this point "What the hell is wrong with you!  You sit around all day doing nothing, and when you finally come out of your office its to fix things that you obviously screwed up because you're incompetent!  Just fix the fucking things so I can take them home and use them again.  I don't know why Owner even keeps you around you are so useless!"

Me: "Yeah I'm gonna have to ask you to leave my office so I can get back to work."

I go back to working on things and EP grabs her stuff and storms out slamming my door behind her.  I get a call about 20 minutes later from the owner asking why EP was demanding I be fired.  She had told him that I had laughed in her face and refused to help her.  She even said I threatened to never help her with IT problems at work again because I was mad she called me out on being lazy.  I explained what actually happened and offered to send Owner a copy of the camera footage of the entire incident since there is a camera overlooking my entire office.  Owner requested the footage so I sent it to him.

I get in the next day and I realize EP isn't there.  I ask around and apparently Owner called EP into his office and spoke with her about the incident.  She tried to double down on her lies when Owner showed her the footage (including audio) and caught her in the lie.  He then offered to let her take some time off to cool her head before coming back to work, but that he'd expect her to make an apology to me for her behavior.  This enraged EP who everyone could hear even through closed doors and after screaming about how awful a person I was she stormed out of Owner's office, grabbed her things, and shouted "I FUCKING QUIT" before leaving.  So she's gone for good.

Bitch was so unwilling to own up to her own poor behavior and apologize to me that she threw away a cushy job making way more money that she is likely to make anywhere else around here.  What a fucking idiot.  On the plus side, without EP here constantly complaining I am getting a bit more work done each day./nDetails: I am 17 and live in the UK. This happened around December of last year. It happened in Lidl to be exact. Now this is going to be a very long read so prepared.

EM: Entitled Mum
EK: Entitled Kid

My mum asked me to go grocery shopping because she was quite busy with something and I agreed to go so I went to Lidl. I spent around 10 minutes looking for things on the shopping list. I decided to get a treat for myself because why not and so I got some Fin Carré chocolate (note: this chocolate wasn't sold at the till in this location). I finally finished finding everything and made my way to the till. I was standing in line while using my phone just minding my business until this overly loud parent with her very hyperactive kid who looked around 8 came behind me in the line. 

EM: "You wouldn't mind letting us go in front of you, would you?" 

I looked down on her cart which seemed to be a lot more full than mine and I decided I'm not in a rush so why not and I replied "Sure." and subtly smiled. She thanked me and went on to go in front of me. My impression of this woman seemed normal until this happened.

The EK said as he was pointing to my cart: "Mum, look it's that chocolate that you promised me to buy next time we go shopping"

EM: "Oh yes darling I just remembered"

The EM looked up to me and said: "May I grab the chocolate bar? The little one's been eager to get it."

Now this chocolate is somewhat far from the tills in this location and as mentioned earlier, isn't sold at the tills either so getting a new chocolate bar for myself would've been a chore.

I replied: "I'm sorry I don't think I can give you the chocolate, it's quite far from the tills"

Her smile quickly turned into a death stare and she said in a loud voice: "Right, I don't care how far this chocolate is from here, now someone like you is more than capable of getting a new bar so stop making George cross!"

I replied: "I don't care how capable I am, I'm not going anywhere and this chocolate is staying in the cart"

Now there was a lot going through my head at this point but I remember how the EK was reaching inside my cart trying to grab the chocolate so I quickly grabbed it myself and held it in my hand.

EK: "Mum the guy took the chocolate!"

EM: "Right I've had enough"

The EM reached to my hand to grab the chocolate but I moved in time and decided to go directly to the cashier and ask him to call a manager. Now the cashier seemed to have witnessed everything and so he informed the manager about what happened. No more than 2 minutes of me awkwardly standing and the manager arrives.

She walks up to the EM and quietly asks her to leave and the EM kept trying to incriminate me somehow until she finally paid for her groceries and left. Me, the cashier and the manager all had a laugh about it after she left. 

Now that I think about it, that scene wasn't worth a chocolate bar but oh well./nApologies if I mess up anything. My daughter told me to post her

 When I was first married, money wasn’t that easy to come by. I had a form of leukemia that took up most of our money. Due to this we can’t just spend money like we wanted to. God bless my husband for being such a sweetheart. We were only early 20s and he still pushed through this for us. 

 December 23rd is my mothers birthday. She is an awful person. She tried to get me pregnant at 14 because she wanted more money from the state. That’s an entirely different story I’ll post on here if people ask

 As this was 20 years ago, we didn’t really have the same type of cell phones we have today. So I didn’t know until I got home from treatment that my mom had called me multiple times. 3 minutes later, I counted, she shows up at the door. She asks for her money. Both of us are confused of course. She wants her birthday money, which I’ve never given before to her. She wanted 608 dollars. That exact amount. When I told her no, we can’t afford that, she lost it. Screaming at me, calling me a whore and an entitled bitch. She gave birth to me so I should do what she says

 And then I say I’m an adult and I don’t have to listen. I was angry and tired and I just threw up a few minutes ago. This set her off. She grabbed a kitchen knife and ran at me, while my husband is trying to hold her back. She stabbed me right between 2 ribs, but didn’t pierce any organ, thank God. I don’t know what happened in my husbands mind but he snapped. He broke her arm backwards in rage, while screaming something I don’t even think was a human language. He called the police and she was arrested while I was taken to the hospital. Even more bills to pay, but surprisingly that was taken care of by a domestic violence victims foundation. 

 She got 7 years in prison. I moved out and moved to Louisiana. This morning, I got a call from my sister that she passed away last night. How she did I don’t know. Don’t care. She took her entitlement and almost killed her own daughter because of it


 /nI'm going to preface this by saying that brevity is not my strong point (sorry). It was hard to know what to include since there's a lot of backstory. If nothing else, writing this felt good because it was a very traumatic time, and getting it off my chest is helpful. Hopefully no one thinks I'm the entitled one.


Also, I'm not sure how well this fits in this sub since it's really about an entire entitled family. If you know somewhere it would be better suited for, let me know. 


So... 


My fiancé (N) died very unexpectedly in 2016, at the age of 35. I was 26 at the time.


We lived together in a house on a few acres; I'd lived there for a couple years, and he had lived there most of his life. N's grandfather built the house, and when his grandparents died, the house was willed to their six children, one of whom was N's mother. When N's mother died, her share was willed to N and his two siblings. So N was a partial owner of the home. 


His aunt, R, also lived there. She was mentally unstable in many ways I won't get into, except to say that she was a serious hoarder. Consequently, the house was in disrepair. (Honestly, it was not fit to be lived in and could've easily been condemned, but it was a rough time. Please spare your judgment if you can.) N and I were in the process of getting an apartment when he died.


Since N and R were the only partial owners living there, they paid all the property taxes and for repairs, etc. (I contributed too after I moved in.) It's not like N and I were just squatting there or something. 


A couple months before N died, R had some health issues that resulted in her being hospitalized and then moving into an apartment. 


That's when the entitled family (N's aunts, uncles, and cousins) swooped in and started demanding that we move out so they could sell the property. Okay, fine. We were planning on moving anyway. They were really unrealistic about the timeline though. At one point they insisted that since we were low-income, all we needed to do was contact The Government^TM (they weren't sure what department), and they'd just give us a small house and some land. That's how out of touch with reality these people were. They'd just show up in the house whenever they wanted, which I guess legally was their right, but it's also pretty rude and entitled to just come into someone's home on a regular basis without even speaking to them while you're there, much less letting them know beforehand. 


Anyway, when N died, they were unabashedly **elated**.


Two days after he died, I was at the house collecting some of my things when I got a text from his sister (who is an angel, so we'll call her AS) saying that they'd messaged his out-of-state uncle's wife, asking her to message AS about me because God forbid anyone be direct. 


Apparently they wanted me banned from the property immediately. We'd been "living in sin," and now that N was gone, I had no reason or right to be there. I was devastated. At that point I wanted to take everything he'd ever touched and scoop it up and hold it close to me forever. I couldn't bear the thought of not being able to have anything of his. As an afterthought, I realized all of MY stuff was also still there. 


Luckily, AS stuck up for me and said I could be there as long as I wanted. She lives across the country though, so she couldn't do much to enforce it. 


The most egregious display of disgusting entitlement/general assholeishness happened a couple days later. 


I was at the house, frantically trying to load up the car with the things that made up the life that N and I shared together, which was taxing both physically and emotionally. I was crying when N's cousin (EC) appeared in our bedroom. 


EC: *smiling like I'm an old friend she just ran into each other at Costco* HEY! Isn't this CRAZY? N died so suddenly! He was fine a few days ago! 


Me: *through tears* Yeah. It was very unexpected. 


EC: *laughing* I know! Well, at least we can sell this dump now. 


It's then that I hear people talking and laughing in the next room. Apparently EC had brought her teenage daughter and several of her daughter's friends to gawk at the house. Our home, where we lived and loved, was being openly mocked with zero regard for my feelings. 


EC: So when do you think you'll be gone? 


Me: I'm not sure. I'd like to get as much of N's stuff as possible, and AS asked me to get some of their mom's things.


EC: *frowning* Well, I guess I'll have to talk to AS about that. Their mom is the reason this place is so run down, you know. *laughing again* I don't see why AS would want any of this garbage!


(Note that this is blatantly false, as the house had been in pristine condition until N's mother died and R's hoarding worsened to the point that N could not keep up with it. Also, there were plenty of keepsakes and heirlooms that were not at all "garbage.")


I'm sort of dumbfounded by this whole exchange and way too emotionally drained to deal with it, so I just get back to what I was doing. 


Later that night, EC's sister messaged me asking what I'd done with R's box of plastic horses. R wanted them back immediately. Of course, I had not taken it. Why would I want a box of plastic horses? (Hint: I would not.) I elected not to reply.


After that, they got more aggressive about me not being there because a was a plastic horse theif. N was an artist by trade, and they started just throwing away all of his drawings and taking some of the more valuable figurines he had. 


The last day I was there, my mom went with me. After getting the last of what I could, I just wanted to walk around the house one last time and sort of say goodbye to the place we'd spent so much time together in, a place I'd never be again. 


Of course, the family showed up, and my mom tried to calmly explain that I would be out soon and would not return. She tried to appeal to their sense of humanity by explaining how traumatized I was from his death and how I just needed this for some semblance of closure, but his aunt got in her face and lectured her about how N was in hell and I'd be going there too. Then my mom, who somehow managed not to knock her teeth out, reminded her that AS had told me I could be there. The aunt responded by calling the police to have me forcibly removed. We left before the police arrived, and now that's my final memory of the place where the most amazing man I've ever known taught me how to love. 


I'm sorry it's a bit anticlimactic, but this really was cathartic for me to write. If you've read this far, I sincerely thank you! 

Edit: WOW! I posted this before work, and I come back to this outpouring of love and support. I wish I had time to reply to each and every comment, but just know that your condolences are very much appreciated. Also, thank you for my first silver and gold!! 

A couple things I want to clarify: 


I'm a woman. The "living in sin" comments were just about us living together before marriage. 



He died of either sepsis or a pulmonary embolism. The hospital said one thing, the ME said another. 


I appreciate everyone saying I may have had legal recourse, but at the time, my entire life and all my future plans had been ripped away from me. It was not worth spending the little energy I had to try to drag it out any further. 


His sister and brother were his legal next of kin, and he did not have a will. Since his sister told me to get all of his and their mom's things, I was never worried about them coming after me for stealing any of it. 


/nSo today husband and I were feeling bored and adventurous and decided to make a pilgrimage to a posh "Coffee Bar" in our city. We've been meaning to go for months but never got around to it. 

We pull in the lot and it's packed. 10:45am on a Sunday, so we expected it. As I'm getting out of the car the mombie next to me is struggling to get 3 kids out of their seats while her husband (?) stood by the front of the car watching. Not helping. I hop out and excuse myself and walk into the café with husband. Huge line. Two more people come in after us, then mombie and her horde. 

She immediately starts bitching about the line. She complains loudly to her husband at first, but when he's clearly ignoring her, she decides to just complain to thin air. "Why is this line always so long? God why don't they have more staff? Why does every fucking person have to come at the same damn time? UGH!" 

She eventually asked the couple in front of her if she can go ahead because her kids are really, really hungry (insert guilting sad face here.) These saints begrudgingly say sure, so now they're directly behind husband and I. 

She then says to me "Excuse me miss? May we have the spot before you in line? My children have been waiting a long time and are very hungry." With the nicest voice I could find, I said "I'm sorry ma'am, we've been waiting awhile too and are also hungry. The line is moving faster now at least!" I gave her a smile even though she was glaring at me. I turn back around only to hear her mutter "Wow what a bitch. Can you believe some people? How rude." It took all my effort to not react. Husband is a conflict avoider, I am not. But I respect his wishes enough to not cause a scene in public when I'm with him. 

Eventually she starts telling her husband how they're always out of the Mediterranean Spinach Breakfast sandwich she wants and she better get it this time or she's gonna be pissed. This is when I concoct a seriously evil plan. I check my watch; it's 10:55.

A minute or two later, it's our turn. Husband orders his Soy Chai and I sloooowly order my vanilla nitro cold brew...with cream....no, not cream, sorry, with soy. And an extra pump of vanilla. Barista rings us up as I check my watch. It's 10:58. I ask to add a Mediterranean Spinach Breakfast Sandwich to the order. She says sure, no problem. Gives us the total. I'm digging in my purse for my wallet, darn, just can't seem to find it. More digging. Oh! There it is, finally. Hand her the card, wait for receipt, and slowly sign. Pack purse back up, say thank you and walk away.

Husband says "You're hungry? We ate breakfast an hour ago." 

Me: "No, I'm not hungry. Just had to do this." 

Him: "Do what?"

I nod towards mombie. Husband looks over. She orders her coffee and some juice things for kids, doesn't even ask if her husband wants anything. Then it happened. 

"And one Mediterranean Spinach Breakfast Sandwich."

Barista: "Oh I'm sorry ma'am, we stopped serving breakfast at 11. We have all our lunch options today though."

Mombie looks at her watch and yells "WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!? IT'S 11:02!" 

Barista: "I'm sorry ma'am, company policy is to stop breakfast at 11. Is there anything else I can get you?" 

Mombie: "GET ME YOUR MANAGER! THIS IS RIDICULOUS. YOU JUST SOLD ONE A MOMENT AGO! THIS IS ABSURD!"

Manager came over; explained situation, apologized, but refused give that bitch a sandwich, bless her heart. 

Mombie retracts entire order and stomps out, red-faced and yelling to her car. My husband was trying to hold back his laughter.

Our order came up. We grabbed it and went back to the car. I'm unwrapping the sandwich and take a bite exactly as I'm trying to scoot around her trying to strap her kids in again and say "Oh excuse me ma'am, just gonna sneak by ya real quick!" (Ah the Midwest.) She's fucking glaring at me, the worst death stare I've ever gotten. I get in the car and unwind the windows ever so slightly. It's hot today, right? I slowly unwrap the rest of the sandwich and take a few more bites, passing it to husband and back while she's screaming and struggling with her kids, getting no help from Daddict. 

As soon as she pulled away we burst into laughter.

Today was a good day./nEdit: Conversion for temperature: 35 degrees celsius is  95 degrees Fahrenheit.

&#x200B;

A need to know detail: It was F\*\*\*\*N Hot. it was about 35 degrees (celsius) but it felt like 44. Important detail for later.

&#x200B;

So i was standing in line at the checkout at my local supermarket. I think in total I had about 10 items, some frozen goods, drinks and snacks. I usually tend to take out out one of the buds of my phone so in case someone adresses me, I would hear it.

&#x200B;

At this time, the woman at the cash register was taking care of the payment of one client and there was one person in front of me. and then suddenly she appeared, The Em in this story. Now honestly she didn't look it, she didn't even give off a mean vibe or anything. even the way she started talking to me was overall nice and polite, AT FIRST.

&#x200B;

"Excuse me, do you mind if I skip ahead, I'm in a hurry.". Now in general if somebody politely asks me this and I don't have any urgent business of my own, I usually don't mind. This time however, I didn't have that many groceries so her delay would be at most a few minutes, while she was pushing a fully loaded shopping cart in front of her. So if I would have let her skip, I'd propably still be in the store for another 10 - 20 minutes. So I politely decline and tell her I will hurry as much as I can.

&#x200B;

Offcourse this was a great offense, I had not given this woman her entitlement. she blew up instantly. yelling and screaming at me that she was in a hurry and (not kidding here) had to be home in time for her shows. Now at this time I would like to point out that during this rant she only said she had to be home in time for shows and that they were very important to her, there was nothing else making this urgent for her. This is important a bit later.

&#x200B;

Now while this woman was going off, the person at the cash register went into ignore mode and just started scanning my groceries, which I loaded into a bag while the EM was going on about how I was garbage and they should me ban me from the store .

&#x200B;

Now this should have been the end of it, just turn around and go home and forget this happened. but then she said something that 1. made me almost want to kill her 2. made this a postable story.

&#x200B;

While I was walking away, just about to put the earbud back in, she yells "if you pass by my car, tell my son he's the reason he has to wait another half an hour for me.". now I'm not an extremely smart person but in this moment my brain made some connections quickly.

&#x200B;

What I realized was this: 1. again it was very hot outside. 2. this woman had been in the store for a while (judging by the amount of groceries) 3. the entire parking lot of this store had almost no shade. 4. it was about 2PM (so the sun was just over it's peak).

I rush outside and start running past cars, scanning them for kids inside. Thankfully, one the first cars I pass has a small child laying in the back seat. this kid is as pale as a ghost, sweating like crazy and it looked like he was only half conscious. I run back inside, and to my utter astonishment, this bitch is having a conversation with the cashier while she's checking out her groceries. I grab her by the shoulders, spin her around and yell almost straight to her face that her kid is literally dying in your car. and if you don't do something right now I'm smashing in your windows and calling the cops.

&#x200B;

At first she looked at me in complete confusion, probably never been spoken too like that before in her life. then the realization of what I told her sunk in and she rushed outside. while she went outside a man tapped me on the shoulder and asked what had happened. I explained the situation actually leaving out the bit at the cash register, just saying I saw the kid in the car and knew that this woman was probably the owner.

&#x200B;

He went outside and when I came outside, the Em suddenly rushed me and got I'm my face saying I was the reason she was in the store for so long and her son's current condition was my fault. Begore I can even respond, the man that approached me earlier speaks up. Turns out this man was an off duty cop and had been in the store for a while and as such knew that the actual delay caused by me could have not caused this. he also said he had already called an ambulance for the kid and the cops for her.

&#x200B;

I don't know what happened to the EM but she completely crashed. she just sat down on the pavement and started shaking her head, not saying much except the occasional sob or "not my fault"

&#x200B;

as for the ending: everything turned out okay for most parties. I stayed a while to give a statement to the cops and my contact info in case it went to court. the kid was okay (afterwards) and since his mom got arrested they called his dad or another male family member (I didn't ask) to accompany him to hospital.

&#x200B;

as for the EM, I'm assuming she is going to have to stand trail for child endangerment, not sure if she'll just get a fine or jail time.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

UPDATE: I was contacted by the police a few days ago (last Friday). I went to the station where they went over my statement, asked if I wanted to add or amend anything I said (I didn't). They couldn't really tell me directly what was going to happen with the mother or the family in general but said that the standard punishment (when the child is not seriously hurt or dead) is usually a GAS fine (GAS stands  for Gemeentelijke Administratieve Sanctie in dutch and  municipal administrative sanction in English). I think it's kind of sad something bad has to happen before serious punishment is handed out. I do not know what the amount of the fine will be but as for me it couldn't be high enough. I have not seen any of those people in the store or in the area in general but I also don't know if they live near here or were just passing by the store by coincidence. or maybe they are just avoiding the store, that's also possible. That will probably be the end of this tale, I know many of you hoped for something worse for the mother but sadly, life is not fair but at least the child lived and let's hope the mother learned a lesson./nYou know the Deal: not my first language + im on mobile. So sorry in advance.


It’s a short one:



So im from Germany and we have some NS museums in different places to remind us of the horror and inform visitors of what happened in the specific area of Germany they’re visiting.


I was visiting one when I heard a child cry. Not a baby that didn’t know better but a toddler. Sounded genuinely upset. 


Enter: Entitled mom. I hear her loudly complain about a video and how this isn’t child friendly at all. 

Now first of all in these museums it’s fucking quiet. Second of all they are not supposed to be child friendly. They show raw horrible pictures that show a brutal truth and most adults are left speachless. It can turn your stomach sometimes. 

Employee: I’m really sorry it upset her... This museum is suggested for ages 14 and up.

EM: How is she supposed to LEARN?! 


Now that kid was three max. You can maybe talk to them about it, but these museums are clearly not for kids, it even says so on the website. 


Now I’m already invested in this when mom goes on about how they should have censored „that“. 

I turn around to see what they talk about and my heart sinks. It’s a video of piles of dead, starved, naked bodies they found in concentration camps. It’s a horrifying thing to look at. 
And this lady complained about some genetalia being shown?! I’m pretty sure the kid was crying about the overall visual and not some dicks. 
The employee looked shooked and she has clearly never heard that complain before. She confusedly offered to refund their tickets and the lady angrily agreed. 

Some people...


EDIT: Damn guys, thank you so so much for my first reddit gold, I can't believe it!!!/nSo this isn’t going to go down in Entitled Parents folklore, but it happened to me yesterday and I just needed to share it somewhere.

This is a standard EM, EK and me tale.

I was travelling on a train yesterday afternoon back from seeing some friends - I was basically travelling the entire length of the route with a journey around 9 hours going over 450 miles north, so a long time. I had a reserved seat for the whole journey, with the seat next to me switching from being reserved for some of the journey for an hour or two, then being vacant.

At around Hour 6 of my journey the train was becoming very busy with families going home from day trips out. The next stop saw the person sitting next to me depart, and a woman who was looking and acting as if the group of scraggy students (like me!) and families with little ones were far beneath her got on with a woman who looked my age, who were both looking around for a seat. The older woman (hereafter EM) saw the space next to me and made a beeline for it, with the other woman (EK) in tow. This is the conversation that followed:

EM: Hi, I think you’re in my daughter’s seat.

Me: Oh, really? I’m pretty sure this is the seat I reserved, doesn’t it say so on the display?

\[The train I was on had an automatic display saying whether or not the seat was reserved - my seat said it was reserved from my departure station to my arrival, while the seat next to me said it next became reserved at a station about an hour away\]

EM: No, the screen’s gone off, these are the seats for me and EK, now move.

At this I got out of my seat to look at the screen, which still said it was reserved, and quickly sat back down.

Me: Nope, it still says it’s my seat. The seat next to me seems free for a while if one of you wants to sit down.

EK: Why can’t you just move? We’re probably travelling further than you anyway.

Me: Sorry, but I’m really not going to move.

EM: \[Raising her voice to attract the attention of others\] I can’t believe you won’t have the dignity to let me sit next to my child! She can’t just go and sit on her own!

Me \[to EK\]: How old are you?

EK: 23, so probably older than you, you really should do what I say. \[I’m 21 and look it\]

Me: Seriously? I won’t move from my reserved seat, your ‘child’ is 23 and doesn’t need to sit with you! \[I was feeling petty and so rose my voice to mimic EM when saying this\]

EM: That’s it, we’re getting the staff, I will not be spoken to like this by a child!

With that they both left the carriage, and I didn’t hear anything from any member of staff or anyone else, though a lovely little old lady who was sitting across from me said that she would probably have sworn like a sailor at EM and EK if they’d spoken to her like that when they’d gone out of earshot!

The icing on the cake was when the train stopped around half an hour later (so 2 stops after EM and EK got on) I saw them both getting off and walking up the platform - it took everything not to give them a little wave as they skulked past!/n
Right, so this happened about 5 years ago when I was working as a newly qualified social worker (I know, lynch mob me, I don’t anymore it was a nightmare).

It has been a rough morning and long story short, I had spit and vomit on me. As pretty standard practice, I kept a spare set of court clothes in my car so I had something to change into, but I felt pretty disgusting and wanted a shower. So I took an early lunch and went to my gym nearby the office to shower and change. 

I showered, came out and put my hair up into a towel turban and walked to go back to the lockers. Changing area was empty except for one kid, a boy about 8/9. A bit weird for him to be alone, but I assumed his mum must’ve been in the only occupied stall so I didn’t think too much of it. I smiled to acknowledge him, and got to my locker to grab my things to change into. 

At this point, the boy (EK) looked at me, pointed at my towel turban and said:
‘What’s that?’ 

Me: Oh it’s a towel turban, pretty neat huh? It stays up better than a regular towel.

Ek: Cool.
And started to reach for my head.

Me: Excuse me, what are you doing?

EK: I just want to see it

Me: Err, no I’m using it, sorry.

At this point in my life, I’m pretty used to kids being a bit inappropriate, and it’s my job to make sure they understand, but I wasn’t expecting here. He looked a bit pissed, but went back to his (mum’s?) phone.

I get dressed quickly and get my things to go over to the mirror and take the turban off to hairdryer my hair. I’m flipping my hair around to get it dried and I notice that this kid comes up to the mirror, then leaves again. I think nothing of it, and finish drying my hair, turn the hairdryer off, reach for my turban... and it isn’t there. I know what he’s done, and I whip around and look at him and he’s turning a shade of red but staring fixedly on his phone so as to ignore me. 

I’m trying to remain calm, but Christ I’ve been spat at, vomited on and now someone has stolen my towel turban?! I walk back over and do my best ‘I’ve had enough of this bullshittery’ voice and say
‘Please return the turban. Now.’

He keeps ignoring me, so I repeat
‘Please return the turban. Now.’

He’s gone a huge shade of red, refuses to look at me and mumbles something like ‘I didn’t take it’.

I’ve had it at this point, so go over to the only occupied stall and knock on the door
‘Excuse me, is this your son out here?’

EM opens the door and looks at me throughly annoyed.
EM: what?

Me: is this your son? He has taken my towel turban, I have asked for it back, but he is not returning it. Please ask him to hand it back, and I’ll not inform the gym staff.

EM: what the fuck is a towel turban?

I start to explain, but EK says
‘It’s a hair towel that stays up better than a normal towel!’

We both look at him, and she says
EM: Ok... so what do you want?

Me: I want my towel turban back please. 

EM: well, he wouldn’t just take something, you obviously just lost it. You shouldn’t go around accusing people because you lose things!

Me: (getting annoyed) well, he will have no problem then emptying his bag. If he has it, he can just hand it back and if I’m mistaken, I will apologise. 

EM looks at EK and it’s obvious to anyone that he’s lying, but she just says
EM: Don’t be fucking stupid, I’m not letting you rummage through his things like he’s some kind of thief! Look at you, you are harassing a little boy in a changing room!

I inhale to try and stop my eyes doing a 360 degree roll, and say
Me: I’m not asking to touch anything. I’m asking for you to go through his bag for my turban. That is all. If you are not willing, I will go to the staff and ask them to sort this out. (I know it’s just a freaking towel turban, but theft is theft, and it’s pink and cute, so I’m not letting anyone have it)

EM: so you’re threatening me now?!

I know a circular argument when I hear one, so I go to the door, lean out and call for someone to come and sort it out. Enter gym trainer dude (gtd).

GTD: What’s going on?

He looks between the three of us and the kid has gone back to staring a hole through the phone and EM positions herself between GTD and EK. 

EM: This crazy bitch is harassing my son and trying to go through his bag! She needs throwing out! She...

Me: That isn’t what happened. Her son has taken my towel turban, and I would like it returned. 

I just keep looking at this kid, and GTD says
GTD: Ok, so what happened mate? Did you take the towel? 

EK mumbles something about how I must’ve lost it and EM jumps in and says
EM: See? He didn’t take it, he’s so traumatised he can barely say anything!

She then bends down to him and hugs him saying ‘it’ll be alright’ and she ‘won’t let me get away with this’ verrrrrrry dramatically. 

I look at GTD and explain the whole event and he says 
GTD: Ok, so, why don’t we just check his bag?

EK starts dramatically wailing and EM starts ranting about how this is harassment. GTD looks uncomfortable and says ‘that’s literally the only way I think I can solve this’. EM then stands up and tries to push past me, but I’m not moving and the room is small so fails. She starts swearing and thrusts the kids backpack at GTD saying

GM: Fine! Check it! He hasn’t taken it, and when you don’t find it, I want her thrown out! You to apologise and get the manager!

EK wails. GTD obviously finds the pink, wet turban towel in the bag. He picks it up and kinda just looks at it. EK wails even more and tries to grab it, but GTD holds it out of his reach. 

GTD: Right, so... so... this is yours?

Me: yes, thank you. 

I stuff the ‘coveted’ turban towel into my bag and get out my cars keys and ID lanyard. As I put the lanyard over my head, something audibly clicked in EM’s head: that’s a social worker ID. She yanks EK’s arm, snatches the bag from GTD, and I move to let her pass. GTD looks super confused and I explain that she must’ve just been embarrassed that her son stole my turban. But I knew she was panicking because she realised what my job was and that her son was out of school stealing pink wet turban towels. 

 
/nHey y'all, coming at ya with a lil tale from my encounter with an EM this morning. Characters are just EM, her son, and yours truly. TL;DR at the bottom. Not really NSFW but some mention of mother nature's red river and associated body parts so if that bothers you, you were warned.


So I'm in the middle of my monthly visit from mama nature and I realised that I was all out of sanitary products. I stopped off at my local supermarket before I commuted to uni so I could stock up, and decided to treat myself to a meal deal so I wouldn't have to eat overpriced campus food later (Not to brag or anything but I got the sickest sandwich). Paid and left, all normal, right?


I decided not to get a carrier bag (save the turtles!!!) but definitely overestimated my ability to carry. Of course I had no pockets, cos womens clothes don't fucking have any, so I find myself juggling my phone, wallet, car keys, sandwich, cereal bar, bottled water, and tampons in just my two small hands. And of course I'd parked far, far away from the doors so as to minimise interacting with people, standard.


So I'm doing this awkward half-walk-half-jog back to my car and focusing really, really hard on not dropping my sandwich, so I don't immediately see the EM and her small child walking near me. When I do see them it's because I'm almost walking into them. The conversation goes like this:


Me: oh hey I'm so sorry, I didn't see you there!!


EM: It's fine, no worr-


Her beady lil eyes clock onto my hands and she stops mid sentence. She just... Stares. At my hands. Now my sandwich *did* look good so I can't say I blamed her for looking at first. But I was a little weirded out. I give her a couple seconds to find her voice, realise she's not going to continue, and politely carry on my voyage to my vehicle. I don't really look at EM and her son but I guess at some point they start walking again, in the same direction as me. What do you know, they're the proud owners of the only other car in my carefully-selected deserted car park corner, parked a few spaces down from me.


EM: hey!! Hey you!!


Me: ...hi?


EM: you shouldn't wave those around you know! There's boys here!


Me: what?


EM: those... Things you're holding! They're personal items! Get a carrier bag!


I look down and finally realise she's referring to my tampons. Now, maybe it's just me but I don't really see an issue with carrying my shopping to my car without a bag, even if my shopping is sanitary products. They aren't exactly dirty mags, are they? And I have needs. I kinda just brush it off and carry on. I hear her say something else with a huff but couldn't make out the words so I just carried on with my morning.


Now, I get to my car and realise my dilemma. Hands full + locked car = struggle. Being the bulkiest thing I'm holding, I put the tampon box on the roof of my car so I have some room to manoeuvre my keys and get my car door open. I'm merrily doing so when I feel a presence beside me, and then a scrawny clawed arm reaches over my shoulder and snatches my tampons from where they lay. I turn around and there she is, looking absolutely livid.


Me: what the fuck are you doing?


EM: how dare you? I told you once already! These shouldn't be flaunted around! I have my son right here with me and he doesn't need to see that!


Me: see what, exactly? A cardboard box?


EM: you know what! These are intimate products, and there are children here!


At this point she shoves the box back into my hands.


EM: now put them away where they belong!


Her son, who cant be more than 6, starts to tug at her.


Son: mummy let's go! I have school!


EM: yeah baby we're going now, I was just chatting to this lady.


Me: chatting? You just screamed in my face and assaulted me over some tampons! (edit to clarify: I used the word assault in a slightly dramatic sense/a verbal assault context, cos I thought it would make her back off. She didn't actually touch me or anything.)


Son: what are tampons?


EM gave a little shriek, and grabbed her darling son protectively before fixing me with a glare.


EM: see what you did??????


Me: whatever lady, I'm leaving.


I get into my car fully ready to drive away, but EM just stayed stood and looking at me as if I just kicked a puppy or 7. Something about it really ticked me off, so I wound my window down and just as I pulled away, gave her a cheery wave of the tampon box and a smile.


Me: Off to stuff these up my vagina!!


The screeching was unintelligible over the sound of my engine, but I didn't need to hear the words to know the vibe of what she said.


TL;DR: I sully a child's innocence by daring to carry a tampon box around in public. His mother accosts me and gives me a telling off in a car park for waving them around.



EDIT: holy shit????????? I've never posted anything that's got this much love before. I've also never been awarded before. Thank y'all so so so much!!! /nMy daughter's friend from school came home with her one day. They were doing girlie stuff that normal 14yr olds do (makeup, nails, ECT). I hear a blood curdling scream and run upstairs expecting the worst. I open the bathroom door and the girl is on the toilet with blood on her toilet paper. I was like... Ok, she started her period. Nothing too crazy.

My daughter and I sit her down and I explain why we have periods and what that means for her from now on. We hug her and congratulate her on this next step of her life. Afterwards, we go get her supplies from the store and grab ice cream. She is all calmed down and feeling special at this point. I took her home and thought it was strange her parents never mentioned anything to get about any of this. She was 14 after all.

About an hour later I receive a call from her vivid mother who berates me for have the odacity to tell her daughter about those private things and that she will learn things on her own just like she, the mom, had to. I was completely stunned! She had no intention of explaining anything to her daughter. She then said the girls couldn't be friends anymore. Her daughter would still come over without the parents knowing and still calls me to this day (6yrs later) for guidance in her life./nBackground I usually sleep in my underwear during summer since it gets hot in my house. I also have curtens in my windows
Cast
Em:bich who invaded my privacy
Ek: entitled little girl
Me:me(not meme I know how it looks)

One day I woke up and made me a bowl of cereal since I was home alone (I'm 18 so I have a small house) I walk pass my window to the kitchen when I hear a knock on the door. I'm still only in my underwear so I hurry and get some shorts on. I open the door and see em and ek

Em:HOW DARE YOU WALK AROUND IN YOUR UNDERWEAR

Me:wtf I'm in my own house and I had the window closed with the curten down

Em:MY DAUGHTER GOT CURIOUS AND PEEKED THROUGH YOUR WINDOW AND SAW YOUR UNDERWEAR.

Me:well it's my house so if I wanted to I could be naked in there.(slams door)

I make my cearal while em continues to bang on the door and shout I ignore her and play some Minecraft.

Edit:how on Earth did this get so much attention I didn't expect much at all

Edit:I dip my Oreos in water
Edit2: thanks for the silver kind stranger/nHello again, I decided today is a good day to tell a story about the ED that turned my whole life upside down, so lets get on with this.

This happened 6 years ago, it was a week after my birthday and we decided to throw a late birthday party, my parents were busy with work on my actual birthday so we rescheduled the party.

I invited quite a few of my friends, but one of them didn't seem to show up, his father called my parents saying he'd be late to the party. (the party was from 7:00pm to 12:00am)

He never showed up.

once the party was over, we were heading home (were about 5 or 10 minutes from Oslo, cause we had the party at our lodge just outside the city) and talking about how fun the party was.

That conversation was cut short when a vehicle drifted into our lane and collided with us, I blacked out.

when I woke up in a hospital bed, I started to panic, but the doctor that was running tests on me to make sure I'm okay told me to calm down and that I was alright.

After about 20 to 30 minutes of questioning and small tests, I asked the big question.

Me: Sir? *Where are my parents?*

The doctor basically froze there for 10 second and responded, and I'll never forget what he told me.

D: *OP, I'm so sorry but... your parents didn't survive the crash.*

My parents were deceased, I was informed that my dad was killed on Impact, and my mom was pronounced dead when she arrived at the hospital with me.

I couldn't believe it, I wanted to cry, but all I felt was anger, I knew the person whom drifted into my lane was at fault, so I asked who crashed into us.

It was My friend dad, the god damn ED.

Apparently ED was under the influence of something when he arrived and id currently handcuffed to a hospital bed. One of the nurses told me later that he was demanding help before his son would be treated, his son that was on god damn life support because of the accident!!

He was sent to jail for a DUI and I don't know if he's been released or not, but if he's out there he better hope we don't cross paths.

I'm currently living in a foster home with a wonderful family who treat me like I'm there own flesh and blood, but as long as I'm alive, I'll never forget my real parents, and I'll never forget my best friend, and I'll never forgive ED for what he's done.

Thank you for listening...

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you all for the positive support, I really appreciate it. The awards aren't necessary, but thank you anyways.

For all of you wondering, my friend did pass away 3 days after the accident, and I don't know if the father has been charged with more than DUI but there is a high probability that he was charged with manslaughter.

And yes I do hope he's still rotting in a jail cell, he shouldn't be allowed to walk the streets. (If he is at all)

For all the people asking why he's entitled, he was demanding help from the nurses before his son, I have more stories about his entitlement before the accident, but I'll save those for another time./nOk a bit to start with. I'm a freelance hiking and snowmobile guide on the island of Svalbard (Norwegian Arctic) and have to deal with all sorts of people on a day to day base. 

I'm not super sure if this guy still qualifies as an Entitled Dad, since his Son must have been at least 40, but here we go. 

A few months ago I was guiding a trip by myself, we only send one guide out, when the group is small, so I went to the hotels to pick up my guests - an Italian couple and this Saudi Arabian Father (ED) Son (S) combo.   
I walked into their hotel, introduced myself and got everybody to sit in the car, when ED opened the passenger seat door, sat down and looked at me confused:

ED: Oh Sorry! This is your seat, right?

Me: No you can sit there if you want, it's easier to drive from the other side anyway. (I always try to crack a joke or two, to break the ice - lots of people are nervous when having to drive a snowmobile the first time)

He looked at me slightly more confused, but I assumed it's only a language thing. Brought them back to HQ and gave them a full safety briefing and overview on a map on where we'd be going. After that I got them dressed and told them to wait outside, because our suits are made to keep you warm at -30C, so inside a building you quickly start to melt. Once I was dressed I went to meet them outside.

ED: Oh? You're coming with us on the tour?

Me: I hope so, since I'm your guide (I had told them in the briefing the usual "Hey, my name is Kat and I'll be your guide for today")

ED: Is that a gun?

Me: Yes, Sir. But don't worry, she's not yet loaded.

ED and S looked at each other confused, and we all started walking towards the snowmobiles so I could give them a small briefing on how to drive them.

The Italians had told me, they have been driving before, so I decided to place them in the end of the group and ED and S in the front (everybody got to drive their own vehicle), because out of experience it's always better for the more experienced guests to be in the back, since they might have to speed up here and there to fill a gap.

ED: But where is the guide?

Me: Here. I'm just in front of you. A proud 1.77m, had to miss.

ED: But you're female. Guides can't be female!

Me: Hm? About 50% of our guides are girls here on Svalbard, it's not that uncommon. Don't worry we girls are just as good as our male colleagues. 

S: I think my father wants to know, who will operate the gun.

Me: Well let's hope we don't even have to take it out of the boot, but if we have, I am trained and licensed to shoot. 

S: No.

Me: No?

S: You are a woman! Woman can't shoot guns!

ED: It's not safe!

Me: Excuse me? Guys if you don't want me as your guide, that's fine with me. Go back into HQ, take the suit off and tell our receptionist to call you a taxi. If you don't feel safe, that's up to you, but I am the guide for this trip today and if you want to head out, you'll have to deal with me.

ED: But if we don't go, we want our money back!

Me: You can try, but I bet you, that you won't get a penny because it's your own decision to not come along. 

S: I will go, if you get a male guide for us.

Me: I won't get anybody else to join. You've signed the agreement, that I'm in charge of this tour and you will listen to what I tell you to do and not to do.

ED: I didn't sign anything.

Me: Yes, about 15 minutes ago, before you got dressed. I saw you sign it.

ED then walks off back into HQ, S and the Italians stayed. S called his dad, found out ED would not come with a woman. 

S and the Italians drove with me, we saw reindeer, sea ice, a polar bear in the distance (no need for the riffle) and in general had a great time. 

After the tour S came to me to apologize for his behavior and called me a "good girl guide", my boss heard that and still mocks me with it today =)

&#x200B;

TL:DR Father and Son think "females" can't be guides, ED storms off and Son has to admit that I know my job. 

Edit: thank you for all the amazing comments, I'm slowly working my way through reading them all, didn't think I'd get that much attention. Stay safe, stay curious and stay happy you wonderful people./nAs per usual, im on mobile and english is not my first language.

Cast:

Em: you guessed it
Ek: little shitstain
Bf: my guardian angel
Bw: bartender
Og: other guests
Me: i have the high ground

As I have told in my previous posts, im a femboy. Wich means that im a man that acts more feminine and in most occasions wear womens clothing and such. For those who dont know what it meant.
I also told how my bf and I love to have date nights and such, this time we decided to go on a vacation, we took a small cruise. All this is relevant for later.

My bf and I drove from our appartement early morning since we live quite some time from the harbor where we were going to sail from. It takes about 3-4 hours to drive. I am totally not a morning person, but my bf was completely gone that morning from work, so I decided to drive so he could sleep some more.
We got there about 30 min before departure so we parked the car and went out to smoke. I was ready to drop, i was that exhausted since i work as well and was so excited about our trip that i didnt get much sleep that night. But we finished our cigarettes and got our bags and walked over to the check in.

Enter the witch and her little shitstain:

Em: move over, my son and I NEED to check in right now.

We moved over since it wasnt our first encounter with an EM.
She finished checking in her son and herself so we got back to the counter and finished up as well all the while we talked with the woman behind the counter about Ep's. We got aboard and went looking for our cabin. It had a nice double bed, big tv on the wall, a nice view etc. We packed out our luggage and settled in. We turned on the tv and watched Smokey and the bandit while waiting for the announcement that we were departing.
When it came, we went up to the adult zone (one of the upper deck next to the bar) and who do we see, yup EM and ek. Ek cant have been older than 9, and this zone was only allowed for people 18 and older. (Im 19 turning 20, and bf is 23)
We stood there remaking our own Jack and Rose from titanic. Em comes over.

Em:you shouldnt act like that here, my son is here watching the Two of you. But you did well kid, having a cute gf like that. And Nice dress btw.

I was wearing something like the lace up tartan assymetrical dress since i like the punk-ish style. We just thanked her and went back inside to rest a bit. In the evening we had a reservation at the more finer restaurant onboard. We got there and since we had a reservation we could skip the humoungus line. Some people didnt like it but stayed quiet, but not Her.

Em: why do they get to skip the line while the rest of us has to stay behind? Let Me trade with you, my son is very hungry.

I got tired of meeting her everywhere but hey, its a ship, surrounded by water, we cant avoid her for long.
We got our table, still hearing em yelling at the workers. We ordered some wine and food, we ordered some fine food that i cant even spell the name of. My bf told Me that he had something to ask me. He took his chair and pushed it out so he could stand, eyed the waiter that came over with a little black box, i knew what was happening and started getting tears in my eyes. I had been waiting for some time for this to happen. He got on one knee and asked will you OP make me the happiest man on earth. He barely finished the sentence when i said yes, no time to think i just did it, i cant think of a life without him. Everyone started clapping and I gave him a long kiss. The em finally got through the line and saw us kissing.

Em: cant you kiss your gf somewhere else, my son is with me.

Bf: first of all, i just proposed and kissed to make it official. Second, that is not my gf, thats my bf.

You could see all colour disappear from her face.

Em: how... How could you do that with children present? You faggots should not do something like that at all. Blah, Blah, Blah.

While she kept yelling i noticed that something smelled like shit and I couldnt see the little bastard anywhere, until....
I looked down and there he was, trying to pull down my skirt to irritate or something. I quickly grabbed his hands and yanked him away from me. Remember how i said it smelled like shit? Well... It really hit the fan.

Em: HOWDAREYOUTOUCHMYBABY

Like that, yes. I dont think she breathed at all during that sentence.
And here we go...

Em:i will sue you for this you faggot. And stop wearing Girls clothing, it is not ok to walk like that.

And all the usual homophobic stuff.
My bf was furious. He normally never lays a hand on anyone, but had i not seen it and stopped him, he would have slapped her into the next century.
The woman saw what he was about to do and acted like he actually did it.... with the employees and the Og looking at her. She got escorted out and we got our meal on the house.

After '' resting" in our cabin, we set out to find the bar. We heard there was live music and good drinks so we had to try it.
We found it after wandering around for a while. We entered, ordered some beer and sat down. We drank quite a bit and decided to dance as fiancees. And Who brought the storm during my waltz.

Em: STOOOOOP THE Music.

IT got quiet.

Em: dont start the music until These Two faggots leave.

She starts to sound like that typical homophobic priest while pointing at us all angry. The Og's looks at us and start debating what kind of bitch she was.
Enter BW:

Bw: miss, i have to ask you to leave the bar

Em: why do we have to leave while These Two get to stay?

Bw: first of all, you brought a kid that most certainly is not 18 y/o or older. Second, we do not tolerate homophobic abuse. And last, youre just a nasty person.

You could almost hear her jaw drop to the floor as she looked for a response. She ended up leaving, music started playing again and we gave an extra big tip before leaving to our cabin for some cozy time.

The rest of our vacation went pretty much without meeting her and her devilspawn again.

We are getting married in August.

Thanks for reading ❤️

Update:
We finally got married last sunday and came home from our honeymoon down under last night.
There you go, even if shit hits the fan, you can still be happy./nGot another airport story for you, Reddit. Sorry for formatting issues, I’m on mobile.

S: Sister EK: Entitled Kid EM: Entitled Mom Me: Chuck Norris

So my sister and her husband flew up to come visit the family in Canada and introduce their newborn daughter to everyone over the Easter weekend. It wasn’t a long visit, and they went to the airport this morning to check in for their flight. My train back to my apartment didn’t leave for another 3 hours, so I tagged along to help with stroller and bags. Basically I was an extra pair of hands so they could focus more on the baby instead of trying to juggle bags and everything.

So we’re standing in line (there was an issue at the check in kiosk), and I feel my small rolling weekend bag get extremely heavy all of a sudden, to the point where it almost yanks right out of my grip. I turn around and there’s a girl, anywhere from 7-10 years old, sitting on my bag.

Me: Excuse me, please get off my bag.

EK: My feet hurt and I wanna sit down! 

She then bounced in place and actually yanked the bag handle out of my grip, causing both it and EK to fall to the ground. 

EM: Don’t drop my child like that!

Me: She was sitting on my bag and yanked it out of my grip.

It’s barely 6:30am at this point, and I had zero patience for this stupidity, so I just hold my bag in my hand, out of the way for EK to sit on. My niece starts getting fussy (as young babies will), and my brother in law jogs off to go grab a bottle of water to make her a bottle. They thought they would be through security at this point, so they weren’t prepared to make her a bottle. No big deal, I tell my sister to take care of her baby and I’ll manage the bags. But behind me, EK was just getting started.

EK: Mooooooooommmmyyyyyyyyyy, my feet huuuuuuurt and I wanna siiiiiiiiiiiit. (I shit you not, this kid dragged out her words exactly like this.)

EM: Hang on sweetie.

My sister was adjusting the baby in her stroller in an attempt to calm her down, but from behind her it looked like she was taking the baby out.

EM: See, she’s taking the baby out of the stroller, go sit there.

My sister hears this, and she just about loses her mind.

S: Uh, no, she can’t sit here.

EM: You’re taking the kid out, she can sit there!

S: No I’m not, and no she can’t. She’s a grown ass child, she can stand like the rest of us.

EM: Her feet hurt. Take your brat out of the stroller and let her sit there.

My sister gets this look on her face that I know very well, it pretty much promises that she’s going to fuck up your day.

S: OP, take <Baby’s Name> out of the stroller please. <Brother in Law> should be here with the water for her bottle in a minute. 

I get confused, but I trust her and take the baby out of the stroller. EM gets this look of absolute triumph, only for it to drop off her face as my sister then grabs my weekend bag and the diaper bag and put them right where the baby was sitting.

S: Like I said, bitch, your child is grown, and she can stand. My child is 9 weeks old. She can barely hold her head up on her own. You need to get some fucking sense in your head.

At this point in time a check in attendant has noticed my sister’s situation with the baby, who was still fussing, and pulled her to the front of the line to get her through. Brother in law reappears right after that to help sort out bags while I feed the baby. I looked for EM and EK, and EK was on the ground throwing a massive temper tantrum, worse than any tantrum I’ve seen in children half her age. EM just looked like she was sucking on a lemon.

TL;DR: EK sits on my bag while I’m holding it, complaining of sore feet and being tired. They fall off, EM then demands for my sister to take her newborn out of the stroller for the EK to sit in it. My sister blatantly refuses, and the kid throws a temper tantrum.

Edit: Spelling

Edit 2: Thanks so much for the silver and gold awards!

Edit 3: Huge thanks for the Platinum!/nNon-english speaker, on mobile, bare with me on this.

So I've seated a few rows behind a family of four and the boarding is nearly complete.

Family daughter (entitled kid) is sobbing, and it gets more and more audible as more people get in and on their seats.

Finally Entitled Mother gets a hold of the flight attendant and demands her to ask the captain "one more time" if they could have their dog in the cabin instead of the pet compartment.
The flight attendant tries to explain that their dog is too large and has to travel in a separately.

This provokes the entitled kid to cry out even louder, and the flight attendant tries to explain how it is perfectly safe for animals to travel in their designated compartment underneath the passengers.

The fuss starts to attract attention, and someone close to my row announces their severe allergy to dogs to the family and the flight attendant.

The EM raises her voice and demands the flight attendant to dig their luggage and dog out of the plane, as they will find another airline that allows all family members in the cabin.

At this point the plane is full and doors are closed, and it seems the captain is waiting for confirmation from the crew to start rolling towards the take-off strip.

The flight attendant tries to explain how they would have to go through all the luggage to find theirs, and how that would delay the flight.

EM is having none of it and very clearly articulates "you would turn back in an instant and go through it all if there was a bomb, wouldn't you?"

All movement and chatter stops, and the flight attendant goes very serious. "Please remain seated, we'll see what we can do"

It takes less than a minute for the police to arrive and escort the family out, ten more to get their luggage and the dog and another five for the flight to take off.

Seeing the mad-angry husband with the crying kids watch their mom put in the police car was the best start for a holiday I've had in a long time./nI’m a cocktail waitress. I’m 7 months pregnant. 

No, obviously I don’t drink while pregnant, or drink on the job ever. 

*(This is a little long, but worth it. Tl;dr at bottom if you’re in a rush.)*

This is kind of a crossover between this sub and r/badwomensanatomy

A woman (the Karen) comes in with what I’m assuming was her husband and son and daughter and asks to be seated 4 for lunch. We’re not really a restaurant but we have a really small sandwich and wings menu. 

I give them menus and Karen says “But, wait, do you work here?” “Yep.” “But you’re pregnant, you can’t work here if you’re pregnant.” “I work here, I don’t drink here.” I say, with a laugh, trying to keep the mood light. 

The woman looks me over and says “Have you taken any prenatal courses? Do you really think that’s responsible to have your unborn baby in here?” This is where I made an error. I get defensive about anyone asserting I’m a bad mother, obviously. So I said “Well, you’ve brought your kids in here.” “Yes, and what kind of example do you think you’re  setting for them?” I’m still collecting my thoughts at this point when they grunt and wave me away. 

I figure I can kiss my tip goodbye but hopefully that’ll be the end of a discussion. 

I see them flagging down the bartender after a few minutes and figure they’re ready so go over. Karen asks to speak to a manager. Now, they haven’t even gotten drinks yet, so I ask if there’s anything I can help them with and her husband (Mr. Karen) says really sternly “No, just a manager, didn’t you hear my wife?” 

The place is too small for a manager, it’s just servers and bartenders and two owners. The one who’s working is in the back on a phone call and will be pissed if I go and bother her. 

I realize maybe they’re still uncomfortable with my being pregnant so say “Maybe ‘Ella.’ (*The other server*) can help?” Karen gets up to physically look for the manager. I admit defeat and go back and drag her off her call. 

The owner goes over and with a big smile asks if there’s anything she can help them with. “Your server is pregnant.” Owner says she’s aware and asks if they’d prefer a different server. 

Karen: No no no, she can’t be a drink girl if she’s pregnant. That’s child abuse.

Owner: I assure you, none of our employees drink on the clock. Especially not our pregnant ones. If you’d prefer I can have Ella serve you... 

Mr. Karen: I don’t want my kids seeing this! 

Owner: Maybe I’m missing something. Seeing what, exactly? 

Mr. Karen (talking really slowly and condescendingly): A. pregnant. woman. around. all. this. alcohol. 

Me: I don’t know what you’re insinuating but I would *never* drink during pregnancy. 

Karen: Look honey, didn’t you take a health class in junior high? With a drink right under you half the time, alcohol vapor is absorbed into your blood through the air and then that blood goes to the fetus and poisons it. 

Owner and I exchange a look and realize we won’t get anywhere with her. 

Owner: So we can have Ella serve you or I’m afraid there’s not much else we can do. 

Mr. Karen: We’re not leaving until she’s fired! 

Owner: We can’t help you. 

Mr. Karen: I’ll call the police! You’re an accomplice to child abuse! 

Owner: There is no child abuse to speak of sir, please leave. 

Karen (getting crocodile teary): YOU MAY NOT THINK A FETUS IS A CHILD BUT I WAS TAUGHT TO BELIEVE LIFE BEGINS AT CONCEPTION AND I WILL STAND UP FOR ALL LIVING THINGS BIG AND SMALL BECAUSE THAT IS WHAT MY LORD AND SAVIOR WANTS ME TO DO!

*The entire time she’s delivering this tearful speech she’s looking around expecting others to, I don’t know, join in with her? Applaud?* 

Owner: You’re disturbing my customers and if you don’t leave you’re trespassing and I’ll have to escalate this, which I really don’t want to do. 

Karen: JESUS IS LOVE AND JESUS SAID THIS IS NOT OKAY. JUST BECAUSE YOU THINK IT’S OKAY TO ABUSE A CHILD IF IT’S SMALL ENOUGH— 

*This is an Irish pub and the owners are devout Catholics. She wasn’t having any of this.*

Owner: HEY. I don’t need anyone to tell me what Jesus said. If there were abuse here I’d have acted to stop it but there isn’t any. I need you to please leave. 

Mr. Karen: I’m calling the police. 

Owner: Do that. 

*We just stop trying to service their table. As we all wait for the cops to arrive Karen keeps trying to give her sermon but there was a game on that people had come to watch and eventually everyone yelled at her until she piped down.*

*Enter Awesome Officers. AO1 and AO2.* 

AO1: (Town name) Police department. Is there a Mr. Karen in here somewhere? 

Mr. Karen: Right here officers! 

AO1: You said you were witnessing child abuse - are the parties involved still in the bar? 

They point me out. I pretend not to notice because I’m worried they’ll take them outside and I won’t be able to watch any more fireworks. 

AO2: So what exactly was going on? 

Karen: That woman was drinking! She’s pregnant, you can plainly see she’s *very* pregnant. 

*Before I can go over and tell them she’s lying about my drinking, the officers look at each other and look back at the Karen family.*

AO2: That’s not illegal. 

Karen: WHAT?!?!!!!!??! 

Mr. Karen: Look here now—

AO1: It’s definitely not recommended but it isn’t illegal. Now do you know the woman, is she a friend of yours? Family?

Karen: She works here. In a bar. And she’s pregnant! 

Mr. Karen: I want to see this place’s liquor license revoked. 

AO2: So, listen, she isn’t doing anything illegal. What I can do is I will talk to her, but we can’t take any action beyond that. Is there anything else you observed that you’d like to report? 

So AO2 comes over to me and takes me to a quiet spot while AO1 is getting their personal information and taking the rest of the statement. Karen is crying again and I assume bemoaning being the last bastion of good Christian morality in this bar.

AO2 introduces himself and congratulated me on the pregnancy and says I probably overheard why they were called starts to offer me some public resources for new mothers, parenting classes etc.  I didn’t want to interrupt him so was waiting for the right moment to interject with my innocence.

Thats’s when patrons come over thinking I’m in trouble and start defending me. We have plenty of regulars who know me and they would not let this BS stand. They even complained to the officers that the owner had asked the Karen party to leave and they’d continued to make a scene.

So Awesome Officers go talk to the owner who said she was just about to call them but sirens outside are bad for business and she was hoping the Karens would eventually leave on their own. 

The officers tell the Karen party they need to leave. 

Mr. Karen: This is a public place I have every right to be here if I want! 

AO1: No sir, this is a private business, and the business owners have asked you to leave. It sounds like more than once, but at least once since we’ve been here.

Karen: THIS IS A DISGRACE. THIS IS AN AFFRONT TO... TO... TO SCRIPTURE AND CHILD SAFETY AND—

AO2: I understand you’re upset. Let’s talk about it outside. (He places a hand on Mr. Karen and gives him a firm look.) 

*this next part was said as Mr. Karen walks out backwards so he can keep yelling at us, but bumping into things every step of the way.* 

Mr. Karen: I’ll be contacting the authorities about your liquor license. I happen to be close personal friends with the mayor! And you two, I want badge numbers. Don’t think we’re done here because we haven’t even started. 

So the officers took them out and as it was told to me by a regular who left around the same time, walked the Karen’s to their car, which was illegally parked in a handicap space. For which they were ticketed. 

They did make a complaint to the liquor authority, claiming among many things that we served minors, and we were investigated, but obviously came up fine. 

My boss asked me to hold off sharing this story with anyone until the matter was settled. But now it is. So had to share. Still laughing about it. 

*thanks for the gold! And the other gold! And the silver! And the other golds!! And the other silvers!!* 

**tl;dr: A family of Karens tried to tell me I couldn’t work as a cocktail waitress because I’m pregnant. We tried to tell them they were wrong. They called 911. They got a parking ticket.**/nSo when I was small I was included in a car accident which damaged my eyesight and looks of my eye itself. It's not really a lazy eye as my pupil just lazily rolls around my eye most of the time. (Some nerve thing, doctors say.). My mother hosted a great party with grills and everything and invited all her friends from the neighborhood, innocent right? Well.. not really.

So I was eating with my friend when a little kid comes to our table, it was a cute little girl that said that she was lost, so I lowered myself to her level to ask about her mom so we can find her but as I did, she ran off while crying. I shrugged it off, there was alot of parents that are more experienced, this is where the fun begins.

EM and her daughter approached me when I was taking another burger that my mom made, she took a look at me and then did an obviously disgusted sound. Then she said;

EM: What is that?

Me: What is what, ma'am?

EM: What's with your eye, no wonder it made my daughter cry!

Me: Wha-

EM: Can't you at least hold it up?!

Me: Do I look like I can?!

EM: Don't raise your voice, young lady! You do not belong to this party anyways.

Me: Why?!

EM: You scare kids!

At this time, people hear us and my mom storms in, furious. She explained everything and sends the entitled parent away, EM swears on my mom before going off..

I love my mom./nOkay Reddit 👏🏻 THIS 👏🏻 TEA 👏🏻 IS 👏🏻 SCOLDING 👏🏻 THIS MOTHER FUCKER HIT ME TODAY!!!!! So I’m pretty fucking heated rn so please excuse any spelling errors or word jumble because I swear to christ I almost choked an Abby Lee Miller looking ass soccer mom today and was willing to take the prison sentence for self gratification that some form of Justice would be served. 

Since my High School days I have moved to the east coast (would not recommend btw) and the drivers here range from acceptable to “I-Just-Got-My-License-For-My-16th-Birthday” drivers. With 95 and everything else it FKIN SUCKS. SO ANYWAYS! 

I was dropping a friends sibling off at soccer practice bc coincidentally she needed to get her front bumper fixed from a fender bender she was in. Now I have a perfect driving record, no accidents, to speeding tickets, only one non-moving traffic violation bc I barrow my dads car and a tail light was out. And I pay for my own car and car insurance (RIP to my bank account, CATCH MY ASS WITH THAT TOTALLY COLLUSION COVERAGE/REPLACEMENT AND LIABILITY INSURANCE ENTITLED MOM) 

So anyways, I drop my friends sister off and pull up to a four way stop since her soccer fields are right next to an apartment complex. I stop at the stop sign and then another car pulls up, a nice ass black BMW. I remember my mom always joked “Don’t fuck with nice cars, the owners probably have lawyers on retainer for car accidents” its a joke- but still. I see her come to a complete stop since we pulled up around the the same time and I start to go through the stop sign when I just feel a “WHAM!!” And my car gets pushed back. Out of panic I pull my emergency break to stop my car and I get out and see my drivers side back door, back bumper and tail light are FUUUUUUUUCKED. 

I run over to the mom FUCKING PISSED and before I could even get a word in she starts screaming at me like a banshee. She starts saying shit like “DO YOU KNOW HOW UNSAFE THAT WAS?!” “WHY DIDN’T YOU STOP AT THE STOP SIGN?!” “WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM!!!” And is screaming in my face. I look over in her car and her maybe 12-14 year old looking son is just staring at us with wide eyes like he’s in shock or some shit. I start screaming back that “I had come to a complete stop first!” and that “it felt like she floored the breaks when I was half way through the intersection!” And she got red in the face and started saying I’m accusing her of sabotage and that she’ll sue me for every penny I have. She was screaming so aggressively at me that I decided to call the cops. I wasn’t going to give this bat case my insurance information. 

She gets on her phone and calls her husband screaming to him but I just ignore her. I go back into my car lock all my doors and blast FGL until the sheriff (who was VERY CUTE I would like to add) arrives. When he gets there this ho-ho with acrylic nails starts yelling in his face about how I ran the stop sign and I’m probably an uninsured driver- ext ext.  I just stood there defeated looking because I knew the cop was going to take her side since I’m still technically an inexperienced driver. Still I patiently waited my turn and when he addressed me I explained my side of the story practically in tears and he looked over back at the mother and then looked at our cars. He evaluated the accident. There was no one else at the intersection except us unless a resident in the apartments right next to the fields saw something. 

He looks over everything and then suggested we should switch insurances and discuss with our agent. The woman scoffs and pulls out a State Insurance Card which is essentially minimum coverage insurance and then I come in HOT with my insurance card with my AAA Road Side Assistance Number. She suddenly got really pale realizing I AM INSURED AN MY RINKY LITTLE COROLLA is protected, as am I. I start writing down her info and she takes a pic of my card while the cop wrote some stuff down when BY THE GRACE OF OF GOD OR ALLAH OR WHATEVER FORCE RULES THIS UNIVERSE an apartment security guard pulls up. He gets out and asks whats going on and the cop explained it to him and he said very matter of fact, “Oh well we have security cameras at this intersection just for this reason, I can take you back to the guard gate and we can look them over.” 

Suddenly this beached whale looked TERRIFIED and said she had to take her son to soccer and he was on the elite team and was already late to which the cop said smugly, “no worried ma’am if you car drives go drop him off, we’ll wait and then go review the tapes.” She gave us all a dirty look I took a pic of the collision real quickly and then she headed over to the fields, the cop driving behind her (maybe to make sure she didn’t drive off idk?). We all pull up to the guard gate and he asked the time of the collision. I told him and in about 15 seconds he pulled up the video. The video CLEARLY showed me coming to a complete stop first and then she did and then me going through the intersection, AND LIKE I THOUGHT he flooring her gas pedal and rear ending me. She immediately started making some BS excuse about how her son has Autism and he was panicking because he was going to be late for practice to which the officer kindly said, “he seemed perfectly calm to me during the entire exchange.” 

The cop wrote some more stuff down- and then I called AAA and insurance to tow my car and to get me a rental until I could get repairs done. Since I am not at fault I’m not sweating this in the slightest. 

Moral of the story, don’t fucking break the law. Idk what she was thinking or thinking she could get out pf this, but she ended up getting the short end of the stick. 

Thanks for reading! 

A few updates: 

1) I decided to wait on the date, even though a friend of mines dad told me its not really a big problem (and to correct he’s a deputy sheriff) I want to wait until my claim is settled to avoid conflict of interest. I’m young and didn’t understand that

2) I won’t take her to court, I don’t have the time for that. I just want my car fixed. 

3) I removed some statements in the pst bc they where mean spirited. I wrote this in anger originally and it was not nessesry. 

Updates 2:

1) Insurance Finalized, I was not at fault and her insurance is covering the damages to my car, it kind of sucked because I’m not a confrontational person but with all the security videos and everything it clearly showed she ran the red. Took my car to a collision place, its all fixed up now. This was all finalized about 10 days ago. 

2) Since all the insurance and repairs are finalized I took y’all advice and invested in a dash cam. No regrets. 

3) the Deputy and I went on a date last night. It went very well and we like each other quite a bit. He invited me to the beach this weekend since its going to be warm out and I am very excited!

Edit:
Thank you all for the shiny stuff!! I really appreciate it! I didn’t think this post would get as many upvotes as it did. And thank you all for your suggestions, concerns and support!/n(Cross-posting from r/childfree, cause they said this would totally fit here)

Edit: BIL = brother in law.  FIL = father in law

A quick vent.

Five  years ago, my husband and I bought a house. We'd been saving for years  for the down payment and the stars must have aligned for us to get it.  Everything worked out perfectly. The house was a major fixer-upper, but  it had land and we were happy with that!

Turns  out BIL had looked at the house when it was listed as well. They  decided it was too much work to fix up and not worth it. They wanted  major upgrades too, whereas my husband and I are very simple people. We  don't need granite countertops or a soaking tub or hardwood throughout.

Met  up with the family recently and the BIL was talking about how cramped  their condo has become with two kids now. BIL decided this was the time  to tell us that we should trade houses.

I shit you not. (BIL is very, very entitled)

BIL  proceeded to argue that we are only two people and their family is  growing and could use the space. Literally suggested that we give ours  to him and buy out his condo.

I  laughed. I knew he was serious but I couldn't help but laugh. I'd never,  in my life, imagined someone could be so damn ENTITLED that they demand  someone give up their HOME for the sake of another family.

*Are you kidding me?!*

BIL then got MAD at me for not even considering it, and began justifying all the reasons his family needed our house more.

Oh, you think this would be the worst part, right? No! It gets *better.*

We  never finished the basement, so there is only one bathroom in the  house. BIL informed me that if we were to trade houses that we would  need to make some major upgrades first, because he wouldn't have time to  be able to make any renovations. He was somehow, inexplicably certain,  that I would see the logic in this plan and just... *trade houses* with them. Because they needed the extra space so much more.

And now my BIL isn't talking to me, because I laughed through the whole thing and wouldn't take him seriously.

Win-win.  Go ahead, punish me by not talking to me. At least then you'll stop  trying to make me the bad guy because I have two spare rooms I 'don't  use' (my husband and I each have an office) and tell everyone how  horrible I am because I wouldn't buy out your condo at market value  while giving you ours out of the goodness of our hearts.

Last I know, he was now trying to tell my FIL to retire and move into the city so that they could have the farm.

Jokes  on him... FIL already talked about it and has left the farm to me and  my husband in his will. Because we actually farm, and BIL thinks its too  much work.

I always thought the internet exaggerated that people like this exist. I thought situations like this couldn't possibly be real.

What the hell are these people thinking?!/nBackground:

I just recently had a new family move into my neighborhood. The neighborhood is relatively small and close knit. The kind of neighborhood where everyone knows each other and we generally all get along well. We have big block parties and shoot off fireworks together on holidays. The new family is a middle-aged couple with their four children. The kids ages range from around 14 to 2. This incident is just the first of several problems that I have had with this family since they moved in.


EM- Crazy Mother

K1- One of her kids around 14 years old

Me- The one and only me


I was hanging out in the living room just relaxing and watching tv. From the couch I have a clear view into my backyard. That’s when I notice the retractable cover of my swimming pool begin to roll up. I was home alone and no one else that has access to my backyard. For insurance reason I have a lock on my back gate because of the pool. The gate always remains locked as we would be liable if anything was to happen in the yard.

I rush outside and see what was going on. That’s when I see EM standing next to my pool with her four children. They are dressed in their swimsuits and EM is rolling up the cover of my pool.

Me- Excuse me what do you think you’re doing in my backyard?

EM- My kids have been well behaved today and they want to go for a swim. I saw that you have a pool so we are going for a dip. 

Me- This is not a public pool EM and you are on my private property. I need you to get out of my backyard now. I never told you that you are allowed to come on my property without permission.

EM- WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? IT IS A VERY HOT DAY AND MY KIDS WANT TO GO FOR A SWIM AND THEY WILL.

Me- Not in my private pool they will not. How did you even get in my yard anyway? The gate is locked.

EM- FUCK OFF! IN MY OLD NEIGHBORHOOD WE DID THIS ALL THE TIME. MY KIDS ARE GOING FOR A SWIM NOW AND YOU WILL NOT EVEN KNOW WE ARE HERE. YOU ARE JUST BEING SELFISH AND I WILL NOT ALLOW MY BABIES TO SUFFER BECAUSE OF YOUR BAD MOOD.

Me (Now angry) – I will not ask again EM. You either get the hell off my property now or I will call the police. You are not using my pool and that is final.

EM (finally gets the cover off)- Okay kids jump on in. Don’t listen to this stupid b***h.

K1- Yeah you stupid b***h. We are going for a swim now and you can’t stop us.

Me- THAT IT! I AM CALLING THE POLICE.

EM now sees that I am serious and tries to the “reason” with me.

EM- You would really not allow four kids to go for a swim on a hot day. What kind of heartless person are you? Just let us go swimming for an hour and we will leave. Don’t you want to be a good neighbor to us?

Me- No I do not. You just broke into my backyard without permission? Please get off my property now.

EM starts to mumble something to her kids and then she grabs her two youngest kids and starts to walk out of my yard. I then turn around and see her two oldest boys still standing by the pool. I start to walk over to tell them to go with EM and that’s when I see what they are doing. Her two oldest hell spawns are PEEING into my pool.

K1- MAYBE THAT WILL TEACH YOU TO BE A BETTER NEIGHBOR YOU STUPID B***H.

Me (grabs the arms of the two oldest and pushes them out the gate)- GET THE FUCK OFF MY PROPERTY YOU DISGUSTING LITTLE SHITS.

EM- DON’T YOU DARE LAY A HAND ON MY BABIES OR I WILL CALL THE POLICE ON YOU. WHO DO YOU THINK THEY WILL BELIEVE? A GOOD MOMMY OR A PATHETIC LITTLE B***H LIKE YOU. YOU JUST GOT WHAT YOU DESERVE. ENJOY SWIMMING IN YOUR PISS POOL.

They than all walk off laughing as they went back to their house. I was in complete shock and I didn’t know what to do. I now wish I called the police after this first incident, but I sadly did not and things have since escalated with this family.

Remember how I said that I had a lock on the gate? I later found it broken on the ground. I have no idea what they used to smash it, but they were successful. I have since purchased a much more heavy-duty lock.

Edit 1:

Wow I cannot believe how much this has blown up. I didn’t really expect this kind of response.

I am going to post more about my experience with the EM as this has been a on going thing. I will also call the police to file a report. I think many of you are right about that one and it is better safe than sorry. I believe some of my other neighbours may have already called the police on EM as well. 

Edit 2:

A lot of people keep asking why i didn’t just call the police right away. I am not the best with confrontation and have a hard time handling stuff like this. When people yell at me I sometimes just shut down and panic. 

At the beginning of this incident I really thought that EM had the wrong backyard since she is new. A few of my other neighbours have pools as well and I thought maybe one of them had offered EM use of their pool. Many of my neighbours are very friendly and are the type to offer this kind of thing. I thought maybe EM had just got the wrong yard. Boy was I wrong. 

After the altercation happened I was just to scared to call. I did lay hands on her kids and I was worried I would get into trouble for this. I did not think it would escalate the way it did. I didn’t think anyone could be this crazy.

Also yes this post is unfortunately real. I wish it was fake. It would have saved me a lot of time, money and tears.

Edit 3:

A huge thanks to whoever sent me the platinum, the gold and the three silvers. That was truly amazing of you. You are all the best! 

I promise I am going to post again very soon. Work just has me extremely busy at the moment. I am hoping to post again in a few days.

Update:

As promised here is my first update [Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cceop7/update_em_breaks_into_my_backyard_to_use_my_pool/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/nSo, I am F (17) and also on mobile, this is my EP story.

My aunty and her 3 children came from Texas to visit us for the weekend. I wasn't happy, because her oldest son (19) would always pick on me when I was younger. It was the first time in 10 years that she visited.

She comes into our house, with oldest son, and a younger son (12) and younger daughter (8). I put on my best fake smile and say hi. I tell the 2 youngest that they can go upstairs and play on my Xbox until it is supper. I sit down beside my twin brother and my mom. 

I do lots of video editing/Photoshop, etc. And Final Cut Pro X is my software of choice. I got 15 inch MacBook Pro a few months ago because of this, as my 2013 iMac wasn't cutting it.

As everyone was talking, and me and brother are using our phones because our mom said we had to be down here to catch up with everyone, EA goes upstairs to see the house. I follow her and offer to show here around the house. When she goes up there, she sees my MacBook, and asks whos is that? This is how the convo goes down.
EA = Entitled Aunt Me = Me (or Crusty)

EA: Crusty! Who's laptop is that?

Me: Oh! That's my laptop.

EA: Can I hold it?

Me: Um, sure....

*EA holds it*

N EA: Wow, Crusty, this feels nice. Can I keep it?

Me: Um, absolutely not.

EA: I'll pay you. This was probably like 500 dollars.

Me: This is a 5000 dollar laptop! I worked my ass off for this thing. I am not just going to give it to you.

EA: Crusty, I deserve it. I haven't seen you guys in 10 years, and you don't even get me a gift?

Me: Is that my fault? I don't think so.

EA: Well, since you won't give it to me, you shouldn't be able to use it, either.

This bitch opened the laptop, and threw it on the ground, then stepped on it with her high heels. If we had carpeted floors, the laptop would've probably been fine, but we don't, and once she stepped on it, I knew it was done. I call my mom and dad, and they come running up. My mom asks why she did it and she literally mumbled "because she wouldn't give it to me" She, and all her children are banned from our house. I am turning 18 in less than a week, so I will wait until I am officially an adult to be able to sue her for damages. Wish me luck!




Edit: holy cow thanks for the sliver! First post to get gilded! :D

Edit 2: I am going to file a police report, and (hopefully) sue her. Congrats Reddit, You did it.

Edit 3: I have filed a police report, and we're going to court. LET'S DO THIS.

Edit 4: I'm 18! I can sue this bitch for my money. The trial is tomorrow! 

Edit 5: I won the case! I showed pics and everything to the judge, and my mom and dad heard the screaming, and when they came up, they saw her stepping on the laptop, and took pics. She owes me ALOT of money. I am so happy./nCast: EM-entitled mom, EG-entitled grandma, SB-spoiled brat, Me-well me 

This happened about a year ago, but I just booked tickets for another long flight and it made me think of this. 

I was flying from Hawaii to NY and had a layover in Chicago. The flight from Hawaii to Chicago was about 10 hours long, and I had booked my flight well in advance so I could have my choice of seats. I chose the window seat on the exit row and as I was waiting in the airport I was excited knowing my seat was going to be perfect. We start boarding and I’m one of the first groups to board so I make sure I have everything I need from my bag, put my headphones on, and start my Netflix binge. About 10 minutes in the women next to me taps me on the shoulder 

EG- Hi sweetie, I’m flying with my family and my granddaughter would like to be in the window seat 

I should explain the layout of the plane. There’s three seats on the left and right side and four seats in the middle. EG  and her husband were sitting in the seats next to me on my side and the rest of her family (EM and her 3 kids all between 2-8 years old) were sitting in the middle row. 

Me: I’m sorry, I chose this seat because I know how long of a flight it’s going to be. I would offer to let her sit here during takeoff and then switch, but she looks really young and I don’t think they allow children to sit in the exit row.

EM overhearing our conversation: So you’re just going to be heartless and deny my daughter her window seat? 

SB:Mom you told me I could have it!! Tell her it’s mine!! 

She starts having a temper tantrum and screaming while sitting in the aisle, holding up the entire line of people tying to get to their seats 

EG: Look what you did! You broke that little girls heart! I hope you know there’s a place in hell for people like you 

The flight attendant had heard the girls tantrum at this point and started coming over

FA: what seems to be the issue?

Me: These people asked me to switch..

EM- This girl stole my daughters seat!! She shoved her way in as I was helping my daughter with her bag and now she refuses to give us the seat back! 

Me: I have my ticket that shows that this is my seat 

EG- She stole the ticket from my grand baby! I saw her do it! 

Me, extremely frustrated at this point: It has my name on it, and I have my license to prove it’s my name 

FA looks over everything 
FA: This is her seat. Also, your daughter is way to young to be in an exit row. Please don’t disturb this young lady again 

The rest of the flight I endured dirty looks from the family, and at one point EG tried to spill a drink on me as the flight attendant was handing it to me. Hopefully this next flight I can just sit in silence./nThis happened back when I was in Kindergarten so some details are a bit fuzzy but the story is very much real.

&#x200B;

When I was in kindergarten, Entitled Boy came to class one day with Chicken Pox. This wasn't a mild case either, the spots were angry and red and within a few hours a couple of our classmates where itching. My teacher had immediately called his parents but they refused to pick him up, saying that it would be good for the other children to be around him and asking her to just leave him in the classroom.

Now, only about half my class had gotten their chicken pox shots at that point. My parents were really good about getting my brothers and I our shots when we were supposed to get them, but as this was early in the school year, a lot of the parents hadn't gotten their kids vaccinated for chicken pox yet (to enroll in kindergarten at my elementary school you have to either vaccinate your kids before the school year starts, or within 3 months after). 

My teacher didn't know what to do, the office told her that if the parents wanted the kid to remain in class, she was technically supposed to let him unless other parents complained or the principal deemed him a danger to the other students. The principal was over at the high school on the other side of the city (he was principal of both, weird Christian school thing). He would rush over when he could but because of the school handbook the EB had to remain in class. My teacher asked the school secretary to call our parents, but she she only had home number for most parents, and ended up with a lot of answering machines.

So in kindergarten everyone sat at table groups, and I was at EB's table. He was carrying on like normal, yelling about power rangers. I was also the only kid at our little table who had been vaccinated, I remember feeling bad because one of the girls was scheduled to get her shot THE NEXT DAY. Talk about bad luck.

A lot of the kids at my table started itching, and the girl who was supposed to get her shot the next day showed me her arm, and she had very faint pink dots. I don't know if chicken pox usually moves that quickly, or if EB just had a super mutant strand, but I was freaked out. I knew I had gotten a shot that my mom promised would protect me from getting sick, but I was also 5 and still thought Stitch from Lilo and Stitch was a real being who lived in Hawaii. I was convinced that touching EB would mean I would die from Chicken Pox. So my friends and I all avoided him like he had, well, the plague.

Finally the principal bursts into the room and kneels down in front of EB. He asks EB to please come with him so they can call his parents together.

About 20 minutes later the Entitled Parents show up. Shit. Hits. The. Fan.

Entitled Mom starts screaming about how both she and her husband are licensed chiropractors and know all about the evils of vaccines and how vaccines give people autism. (My oldest brother has Aspergers, if this had happened like five years later I could have roasted the hell out of these anti-vaxxers for their stupidity). 

Entitled Dad tries to calm EM down, but also quietly tells my principal that as licensed Chiropractors, they know and have seen how vaccines not only give children autism, but also make them GAY. (As a lesbian, I again could have again roasted the shit out of them had this taken place years later).

My principal firmly tells them that EB needs to go home and can only come back when he is no longer sick. EP try to fight back but my principal is firm, and EB is dragged away from my class begging his parents for a new power rangers toy. 

As the week went on, more and more of my classmates dropped like flies, until only about 7 of us remained. We were the lucky seven who had been vaccinated prior to the start of the school year, and since most of the class was home sick, we got to play a ton of games and pick out the books we wanted to read (usually the class voted, and we 7 were often among the outvoted group). 

After a few days, my classmates began to return, not a red spot in sight. But it was a few weeks later that the real kicker happened. The Entitled Parents sent out emails to all the parents of kids in my class, painting themselves as the victims and heroes for "exposing the class to life's natural vaccine". My dad got mad, because even though I didn't get sick, (thanks parents who were on top of my vaccinations, y'all rock!), a lot of my classmates did. The Entitled Parents asked for a THANK YOU from the other parents, and needless to say, they got no thank yous and only a lot of passive aggressive remarks and glares in the hallway. 

Also, don't feel TOO bad for EB, he turned out to be one of the biggest entitled douche bags I've ever met, I went to school with him all the way up through high school and he's one of the worst humans I've had the displeasure of dealing with. The entitled apple doesn't fall far from the entitled tree.

TL;DR: Entitled parents send their son to school with extremely contagious chicken pox, and then expect a thank you when over half the class gets infected.

&#x200B;

Edit: Look, this is a story that was told over and over again over the years by my family, so maybe a detail or something seems off, I just wrote the story as I remember it and as my family has told it over the years. Yes, chicken pox isn't necessarily a big deal on its own, but it can lead to shingles, which is horrible, later in life.  I don't know shit about incubation periods for chicken pox only that this is what happened and how people reacted to the situation, yeah the kids probably were already contaminated but this is how the situation played out in my class, so that's what I wrote. Also, I know quite a few people have expressed interest in more stories about EB  as I mentioned that I've dealt with that piece of shit for years, so I plan on posting some of the stories I have about him either here (some do involve his parents), or at r/entitledpeople or r/entitledkids. Thanks to everyone who's enjoyed the story and also, a hello to RSlash, Bumfris, Misery Box, and anyone else who shared my story on Youtube, I've enjoyed listening to you read this and also all the messages from people who told me to go watch your videos./n[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbaeyr/ep_inconvenienced_by_my_cancer_diagnosis/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) 

Family Meeting Update: I went in an hour early for a family meeting with EP and her husband to discuss what happened yesterday. 

EP: Were you able to reschedule so you can come to our family reunion?

Me: No, like I told you yesterday I can't reschedule. 

Husband: What are you having to reschedule? Maybe we could give you some paid time off before the reunion so you can take care of whatever it is and still come with us. Having you there would really help us out. 

EP: We already made plans in the evening with friends so we need you to watch Baby. 

Me: Unfortunately I can't reschedule. Like I told you yesterday, I am having to have one of my ovaries removed because I have cancer. 

Husband: Oh my God, I'm so sorry to hear that CurlyGirly. 

EP: You're what, 25? People don't get ovarian cancer that young. What's the real reason you can't go? 

Husband: Jesus Christ EP, people can get cancer at any age.  

Me: I’m not lying. 

Husband: Why would she lie? 

EP: No. 

Husband: What do you think the Make A Wish foundation is for? Children with cancer! You can get it at any age EP... 

EP: *flustered* well how was I supposed to know that?! I just thought she didn't want to go and was trying to get out of it! 

Husband: Christ EP... 

EP: What?! 

Husband: CurlyGirly I am so so sorry. Thank you for all you do with Baby, we know how much he loves you. 

Me: I care a lot about Baby and I've really enjoyed working for y'all, but the incident yesterday was unprofessional and upsetting. Next Friday will be my last day working for y'all. If you find someone to replace me before then I'd be happy to train them.

EP: WHAT 

Husband: I see...

EP: YOU'RE JUST GOING TO QUIT? 

Husband: EP, stop.

EP: It wasn't that big of a deal and you're quitting? I thought you loved Baby?! 

Husband: EP THAT'S ENOUGH.

*EP starts to choke up and looks like she going to cry* 

Husband: CurlyGirly I am sorry to hear that we will be losing you. I am deeply sorry for what occured yesterday and any stress that may have caused you. 

EP: *quietly* It's not my fault. 

Husband: No one said it was your fault.

EP: YOU JUST DID! 

*EP stomps off crying. Husband follows and returns alone after 5 minutes*

Husband: CurlyGirly why don't you take the rest of the week off. I'll still pay you for those hours, but I think it'd be best to have EP's mom watch baby while we figure things out. 

Me: Yeah, okay. I'll see you on Monday then? 

Husband: See you Monday. And again, I'm so sorry for everything. 

Me: I appreciate that. 

Then I left and got some pancakes and typed this up. 

Edit: I would like to throw out there that is is very possible something is going on in EP's life or mental state that's leading her to act this way. Aside from this experience I generally enjoyed working for their family and felt respected and valued by both her and her husband. 

Was this experience upsetting? Yes. Do I want to continue to work for them when I have to interact with her everyday because she works from home? No. However, from what I've seen she's a good wife and mother. I hope whatever caused her behavior is dealt with and I wish her all the best.

Also thank you to everyone for the well wishes! I will definitely update after the surgery. It really warms my heart how kind and supportive everyone has been./nSo I collect fountain pens (r/fountainpens if you’re interested, or my post history for the pens in question!), some of which are very beautiful, rare, and expensive. A significant amount of my collection is cheap Chinese knockoff pens that I have for inking dozens or even hundreds of inks at once, but I mostly keep them to give away to people who are interested in dipping their toes in the hobby. They’re certainly not BAD pens, but nothing like my nicer ones and not as... extravagant looking.

I used to work at an extended day camp over summers and am still friends with the people I worked with there. Next to the classroom building is a park with a playground, which is technically a public park but I’ve never seen anyone but people related to the school use it. At the end of the day when parents are picking up their kids, we’d bring the kids to the playground to wait for their parents. 

Last week I went to pick up my friend who worked there, and hung around with her at the playground because there was one last little girl (5ish years old I think) there whose mom was a bit late. She seemed really sweet and interested in my stuff, so I showed her my pen collection and she asked politely to try one. I was happy to show her how to use one of my cheapie pens, and she was very gentle and patient with it so I told her if her mom gave permission she could pick out a cheapie to keep! 

Eventually her mom showed up with another mom and another fiveish year old girl. She immediately ran to her mom and started excitedly telling her about the pens, and her mom said she could have one so she ran back and carefully picked one out. 

While she was happily showing her mom, I heard the other mom telling her kid “Go ahead and pick one”. The other little girl came up and immediately pointed at one of my (admittedly very colorful and sparkly) expensive pens and said “I’d like this one please”. She was never pushy during the whole incident, so I can’t fault the child, the mom though...

So I started explaining to her that that was my personal collection, and if I could show her how to use one of the cheapies and if she was nice to it I would let her pick one of those. She seemed to understand and just said ok, but her MOM interrupted and said “Excuse me, you let (the other little girl) pick whatever she wanted, you have to let mine choose.” So I start to explain again that this is like a $600 pen and she’s angrily like “No, that’s the one she picked so you HAVE to give it to her.”

I’d like to say I had some kinda of repartee with her where I showed her how dumb she is, like some of you post, but I was just dumbfounded and could only stare at her in shock for a second. My brain was like PENS IN DANGER, so I just zipped up my case, packed it in my bag, and started walking away to get my friend and go. This lady is getting upset and trying to stop me the whole time I’m walking away, but I didn’t say another word to her as we left. 

I feel bad about her kid who really wasn’t that bad, but no one NEEDS a fountain pen. Except me, obviously.



EDIT (NOT NECESSARY FOR THE STORY): Ok too many repeating comments to respond to:

1. Yes, the word pen can look like the word penis. 

2. The pen she picked was [this Pen18111 Ginkgo Leaf!](https://www.reddit.com/r/fountainpens/comments/avszq7/pen_18111_and_iroshizuku_fuyu_syogun/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app) 

Yoshi Nakama hand makes and turns the resin, laser engraves and then hand paints the images with pearlescent powder and 3D prints the roll stop in wax and then casts in 18k gold plated brass! Plus a gold nib of course.

3. People interested in starting into the hobby, that’s awesome! r/fountainpens has info and recommendations for people starting out in the side bar, but I’m happy to answer questions. Goulet Pens has great resources and videos explaining the basics. For recommendations, basically Pilot Metropolitan, TWSBI Eco, and Lamy Safari are great under $30 pens that can last a lifetime. Chinese knockoffs and Platinum Preppies can be bought for a few dollars. So happy for you, but don’t blame me if you get sucked in ;)

4. Weird people down in the downvotes, no it’s not my fault for having nice things in public, get some help. 

5. Anyone could live their life with the cheapest most basic stuff, but I use my pens all day every day and they spark joy. Same as fancy cars/computers/cameras/anything. 

Reasons to use fountain pens: customize design/material/nib/ink/etc. Inks can be any color/waterproof/fraud proof/glow under black light/sparkly/shimmery/shading/etc.! Fountain pens are more ergonomic because you don’t press on the paper and can get a weight and balance right for your hand- I write up to 40 hours straight so this is important to me. Fountain pen nibs feel different than other pens. Gold nibs eventually conform to the way you write, or you can get any nib customized for your way of writing. There are many kinds of nibs that produce different marks such as italic, flex, architect, oblique, fude, arabic, folded, and more! They aren’t disposable (except varsities) so they’re better for the environment and if you have self control they can save you money (not me...). Awesome community of nice people online/at shows and meetups and brick and mortar store and workshops. Pens can also appreciate in value if they’re rare and well made. Buying handmade pens is like buying a work of art you can use every day. Also they’re pretty, and you’re less likely to lose something you love and spent more than a dollar on! Other reasons I can’t think of right now too! 

6. Also I’m not a guy, but it would be pretty great if more guys carried around pretty sparkly colorful pens and weren’t afraid to hang out with kids at playgrounds! ...maybe. We live in a society./nHey internet people!  Long time lurker on this sub (and Reddit in general), first time poster here.  English is my first language and I'm on PC, so I don't have any excuses.  This is more of an EntitledFamily story but has an EM in here so I thought I'd give it a shot.

Little back story... I came from a highly dysfunctional family and tried to spend as much time away from them as possible.  In third grade (9-10 yo) I met a set of twins that would become life long friends and their family a second to my own.  At the head of their family was their grandfather.  He was an extremely rough-around-the-edges, no bull giving or taken, my-way-or-the-highway kinda guy and the fact he was half Mexican and half Mescalero Apache didn't help.  Everyone one of us boys at the house was scare to death of him and NO ONE wanted to go out of town with him to work.  When I was 21, I ended up helping him on a job outside of Fort Worth and during this time we bonded.  I called him Pop and he called me son.

A couple of months after we started the Fort Worth job, Pop received a call that his aunt had passed away.  We stayed up having a few drinks and he told me stories about her till the roster crowed.  He described her to me in the same manner that us boys would describe him to others.  Now this woman would drink a fifth of bourbon and smoke five cigars everyday till the day she died but she made it to nearly 100 before she croaked.  During the last 20 or so years of her life, the majority of her family had absolutely nothing to do with her, with the exception of one grandson.  She had also amassed a nice little spread outside of Waco, having a 100+ acre ranch, a large farm house and a seven figure back account.

Pop decided that we should attend the funeral.  A few days later, we found ourselves in a small funeral parlor in the crap-tastic town of Waco.  The funeral was going as all funerals go with some people sobbing, others binge drinking and most of the kids looking bored AF.  As Pop and I are sitting quietly, minding our own, we hear this increasingly louder conversation behind us... Enter the cast...

EM - Grandson's Mom EF1, 2 and 3 - Entitled Family, most likely the other daughters GG - The Good Grandson

EF1 - "Really? Everything? What do you mean, everything?"

EM  -"That's what the lawyer said!"

EF2 - "She can't do this to us!  Can she?"

EF3 - "There has got to be something that we can do about this.  It's his fault she died! If he hadn't of provided her with whiskey and cigars all those years she would still be alive!"

EM - "Don't worry.  He's my son and will do whatever I say.  We'll sell everything and split it evenly between just the four of us."

It was at this point Pops caught on to what was being discussed, as I'm sure everyone else around had, and he being a man not to hold his tongue, lost it.  It went something like this... "Y'all need to shut y'alls asses!" (he loved to say that) "This woman lived to be nearly 100 years old and your going to try and say he killed her!  Over what? Money?  If you cared so much about her, where were y'all the last 20 years of her life?  He didn't do it for the money, he did it because it was his grandma and it was the right thing to do!"

Before EM and EFs could regain there composure, GG came up, looked his mom in the eye and said "Goodbye mom.  This is the last time any of y'all will see me again" and simply walked out the door.  The last I heard about any of it, GG was enjoying his life out on the ranch and refused to have any contact with his immediate family.  I spent about another 6 months traveling with pops, working construction and learning masonry.  He passed about 7-8 years back.  I miss that man.  Even if no one reads this, it felt really nice to talk about Pop.

EDIT - Obligatory "Holy S\*\*\*! This blew up.  Thanks for the jewels, kind strangers!"  But really, thanks for all the kind words about Pops.  He really was a great man and I miss him very much.  And to all the Grammar Nazis out there, thanks for pointing out my typos; I'm going to leave them just to dick with y'all./nThis happened last week, so i'm trying to wrap my head around it still.

&#x200B;

Firstly, I love guns. nearly everything about them. the sound, the recoil, the fireball. what I don't like is when an idiot is given one. When idiots have guns, people get killed. So when I see an EP and her nine y/o son at a gun range, i was initially happy that this kid was being taught at a young age. I go to my bay (right next to EP and son, who was actually quite nice), when I see EP's handgun pointed at me. So I jump out of the way of the barrel, and tell her to keep it downrange. She scoffs at me, pulls the "not loaded" BS, to which I reply that I don't care, always treat it like it's loaded. I had two guns with me. My Springfield XD-40 subcompact handgun, and my AR-15. Now, continuing the story.

&#x200B;

You should all know who is who in terms of abbreviations.

&#x200B;

The kid goes up to shoot. He starts firing, and when he's done, he sets the gun down so that ti points at me. Being a kid, and probably new, I tell him to always keep it downrange, for safety. he acknowledges this, and points the gun back, when I feel a firm smack to the back of my head.

&#x200B;

EP- Don't talk to my son like that!

Me- I'm trying to teach him gun safety. If anybody gets shot at one of these ranges, the place can get shut down.

EP- Don't talk back to me!

&#x200B;

She moves to hit me again, to which I hover my hand over my XD-40 which was resting on the table. That sends her enough signal to back off. When she goes up to shoot, she pulls the trigger, to which... nothing happens.

&#x200B;

She points the gun at me AGAIN, to which this time I yell at her to keep it downrange. She decides to ignore me.

&#x200B;

Me- Ma'am, if the gun misfires, keep it down range because it may have had a delayed firing!

EP- Shut up, asshole!

&#x200B;

I go back to shooting my handgun, to which I see, once again, that the gun is pointed at me. The worst part?

&#x200B;

SHE WAS FIDDLING WITH THE GODDAMNED TRIGGER!

&#x200B;

To those who don't know, the rule is that you can point your gun at somebody if you feel they genuinely jeopardize your life. I wasn't quite there yet, so I called over range safety. Range safety told her off,  and she listened, UNTIL SHE DID THE SAME DAMNED THING. Now I point my gun at her.

&#x200B;

EP- WhAt ThE FUcK u DOInG?

me- KEEP YOUR GUN DOWNRANGE!

range safety comes over to calm me down, and he takes the gun from EP. Then EP tries to throttle range safety. So I take the gun from him, and field strip it (disassembly in case of emergency). I noticed the safety was on, but the gun was fully loaded. So I point my gun at EP and tell her to get on her knees with her hands behind her head.

EP- I'll sue you for this bullshit!

me- (to the little kid) never say anything you have heard today until you are older. (back to EP) Go ahead. I'll just show that camera footage.

&#x200B;

Range safety calls the cops, and when they arrive, I field strip both my guns. I get cuffed, asked a few questions, and then released to put my guns in their cases. EP is screaming bloody murder as she's taken away, and the kid is just crying. So then I go the the kid, and try to calm him down. EP then screams that i'm trying to kidnap her son. I just back away (and the kid has calmed down) and just put my hands up. Cops close the car door, and then they get contacts for the kid's dad.

&#x200B;

Still waiting for a court date. I will update you when I do get one.

Okay y'all, my post was locked by somebody. No issue, but this is called "my right to free speech being ass-fucked."

Silvers and gold? And 11k upvotes? Thank you all!/nTL;DR at the bottom

I was 12, my parents moved us to a new place, our neighbours were unpleasant. There were the EM and Father (never met him, can't call him entitled), with two sons, one was 13 and the other was about 8 or 9. The older brother (OB) was a decent guy, we were school bus pals, but the younger one was an issue, but looking back on it he probably had a social disorder like Aspergers or perhaps ADHD. My mum did not like this kid, a few incidents happened before with him and my mum nicknamed him the Orange-haired Goblin, I'll call him OG. This story is told from my mother's perspective, as she dealt with EM. Despite this happening over 10 years ago, I do remember that it happened, but the written dialogue here is pulled from my mother's retelling of the story, so there's a tad of embellishment.

This was in the day of dial-up in my country, it was fantastic. My mum and I had a system where I'd quickly load a flash game with a heads up, then disconnect from the internet and plug the phone back in. It was the school holidays so it was just my mum and I at home when dad was at work, so it was an otherwise empty house when this happened...

Mum: OP, you're supposed to give a heads up when you're unplugging the phone, I need to make a call.

Me: (from the backyard) I'm not on the computer though, I'm outside.

-> Mum pokes her head out the kitchen window, sees me, looks confused, then turns around. She and I have the same idea, so we both head to the room with the computer, and we find OG. 

Mum: Excuse me, what are you doing?

OG: My mum told me I could use your computer.

Mum: Why don't you use yours? (Despite hating this kid, my mother is not unreasonable, she's not going to get annoyed with a 8-9 year old)

OG: I broke it.

Mum: Well I'm sorry but she can't decide that, you have to ask for permission. Besides, you can't let yourself in our house anyway. You can finish the game but I need to plug the phone back in so you can't load anything else.

-> Mum then gives me a look that meant "keep an eye on him", she later told me she didn't want him to break our computer if he indeed broke his own, so she needed me to keep an eye on him.
OG then leaves, then 10min later we hear a knock on the door, I go to answer but my mum gets there first.

EM: OG told me you won't let him on your computer.

Mum: Sorry, who?

EM: My son.

Mum: Oh right, the kid who let himself in. He told me you told him he could use my computer, why is that?

EM: His was broken and I needed to entertain him. 

Mum: So that makes it okay? I wouldn't have minded letting him if you had just discussed it with me first. 

EM: He's an angel, there's no harm in him using it.

Mum: Clearly there is if he broke his one.

-> at this point, EM must have been getting annoyed. I heard this part for myself as she started shouting very loudly.

EM: HE ONLY BROKE HIS KEYBOARD, HE SPILLED HIS DRINK ON IT. ITS SAFE FOR HIM TO USE YOURS BECAUSE HE LEARNED HIS LESSON.

Mum: Still doesn't give him or you the right to come and go as you please and use our property without permission!

EM: BUT YOU SAID YOU WOULD HAVE LET HIM SO WHAT'S THE PROBLEM.

Mum: My problem is a strange kid I barely know just walked into my house and used my computer because "his mother said he could". If that's how you treat your neighbours then you or your children aren't welcome here anymore. 

-> My mum then slammed the door, and that was the last we heard from EM, though she'd stare at us if she saw us leave the house. My mum would make jokes about the kid if she saw him in the street, like "crap it's the Orange-haired Goblin, remember to lock the door". When school resumed, I was talking to the older brother on the school bus. He told me that his mother asked him to steal our keyboard if he ever comes around again. He understood his mother was a whackadoodle so we just had a laugh about it.

TL;DR My mum finds the neighbour's kid let himself in to our house to use our computer with his mother's permission. My mum sends him home to the fury of EM. EM demands we let her angel use our computer, my mum refuses, so EM asks her older son to steal our keyboard.

P.S. a lot of people are wondering how the kid got inside without us knowing. Doors are usually kept unlocked where we live, but we learned our lesson and started locking it after.

P.P.S. the EM asked her older son to steal the keyboard because she knew I was friendly with him, she didn't ask OG to steal it. Sorry for any confusion./nAnother post about a parent volunteering their adult child reminded me of this. It happened to my cousin but I was there for the majority of the story. I remember it so clearly for a couple of reasons, in addition to just having a good memory. It was the first trip after my father had died and it was, sadly, the last trip I took with my mother. She died less than a year later. TL/DR at the bottom.

My aunt was always playing the big shot of solving people's problems but using my cousin as the actual person to take on the problem.....always for free. If someone insisted on paying, EA kept the money. Need a babysitter? A ride? House cleaned? Yard mowed? Errands run? "Oh, my daughter can do it!" As far as my aunt was concerned, the only reason Emily existed was to cater to her. Emily, was her ultimate trophy. EA was entitled long before it became a huge thing.    
Cast:  
EA-Entitled Aunt  
Emily-Cousin  
Mike-Emily's boyfriend  
Me-ACCER  
PO 1-Police Officer 1  
PO 2 -Police Officer 2  
Judge-Judge  
My aunt has always been entitled. It's her personality type. My mother couldn't stand her little sister so we tried to avoid her, while still maintaining contact with her husband and child. My uncle (their brother) lived further south in the state so we always tried to avoid EA knowing when we were visiting. On this trip, I was staying with my cousin for a couple of weeks in the summer and we were going to do the tourist things. EA thought that the university not being in session meant that cousin was slave labor.  


One day Emily decided that enough was enough. She was supposed to run errands for a friend of EA and had told her mother she had plans. Her mother, as usual, acted as though Emily had agreed and expected her to comply. Emily just didn't run the errand for the friend as demanded. It was that simple. My mother and I had arrived about 10 minutes before the phone rang. EA called and though this was back during landlines, she was screaming so loudly that both my mother and I could hear both sides clearly. 

EA: How DARE you embarrass me with my friends! You call Mrs. Noname and apologize immediately! You are grounded for a month and you may not drive the car, at all. Now you make that call and go run those errands NOW. (If anyone can explain how she was supposed to do this without using the car, I'd like to know)

Emily: Mom, I'm 22. I do not live in your house, you do not pay my bills, and you do not own my car. Run the errands yourself. I have plans. 

My mom was a little nervous leaving us at that point (it's a mom thing....and a she has met her sister thing) even though we were both fine. She left just after meeting Emily's boyfriend. We left and went to a water park and a few other things. We got back to the house and were talking about where to have dinner (mom insisted on paying for us to go someplace really nice for dinner that night.)

We get back and Emily's car is gone. She called and asked where it was:

Emily: Mom? Do you have my car?   
EA: Yes, I do. Your father brought me over so I could check and see if you had obeyed me. I told you that you were grounded and you were not there when I arrived. I'm keeping the car for a month but I'm going to let Mrs. Noname borrow it because you have been so horrible to her.   
Emily: Mom, that's stealing. I want my car back now or I'm going to report it stolen. No, Mrs. Noname can't drive my car.  
EA: I'm your MOTHER! What I say goes, missy. You need to learn some respect and to get it through your head that I'm in charge and you are the child. You don't own anything....it's MINE because I am your MOTHER! The police will likely arrest you for wasting their time. 

Emily hangs up and looks at me. She is so angry she is crying in rage. 

Emily: ACCER, if I call the police she's going to know you are here.   
Me: I can live with that. (THAT fallout is a whole other story)  
She picks up the phone and calls the police. Tells them the car has been taken without her permission and where it is. Mike drives us over there. We do not want to miss the show. 

PO1 knocks on the door, EA answers.

EA: Hello, officers. Do you need something?

PO1: Ma'am, the vehicle in the drive matches the description and location of a vehicle reported stolen.

EA: It's my car. I took it from my daughter because she is grounded from using it for being disobedient and disrespectful. 

PO2: I see, may we have a word with her, please? 

EA (looking very smug): She doesn't live here. 

PO1 (Who had noticed us across the street): You three! Come over here please!

PO1: Did one of you call us?

Emily: I did. It's my car officer. My mother seems to think that she has control over it and me. 

EA: It's MY car! I'm your mother and you have to obey me, it's the law! Tell her officers!

PO2: Actually, Ma'am, there is no such law. Your daughter is an adult. 

EA: There most certainly IS such a law! I'm going to report you to your chief for not knowing it, I may even sue!

PO1 (to cousin): May I see the car registration, and your license please?

Emily hands them to him.

PO1: Ma'am, this car is registered in the name of your daughter and only your daughter. It's her car and you have no right to drive it. 

EA looks at the registration the officer is showing her and then snatches Emily's license from him and slams the door. The police officers look at each other for a moment and then shrug and ring the bell again. EA answers it, looking very smug. 

PO1: Ma'am, I'm going to need you to return the license, now. 

EA hands him the license........that she has cut into several pieces. 

EA: Now she CAN'T drive because she doesn't have a license! She looks at Emily as though she just scored some odd victory......then she finally notices me. 

EA: ACCER! What are you doing here! 

Me: Just trying to have a nice visit with my cousin (she has hated me for years.)

EA: You need to leave. I didn't give you permission to visit. Where is your mother?

Me: I don't need your permission. My mother is not here. I can travel without her. 

PO1: Ma'am, you are under arrest for destruction of government property (apparently cutting up a valid license is a felony in some places....who knew?) and grand theft of this car. 

EA: You can't arrest me, I'm her mother, I have rights!

PO2: Yes, you do. (He then reads them to her)  
The officer explains to us that until she destroyed the license he had been willing to issue an appearance ticket. Then instead of being arrested she would just have had to appear in front of the judge.....and get a fine. This was a much bigger deal. Emily ran into the house to tell her father what had happened. We all chatted for a little bit until the phone rang. It was EA telling him to call their attorney. We left. I drove the car back to Emily's and took her to get her license replaced the next morning.   


The attorney called by my uncle apparently didn't know my aunt and he showed up at the first hearing, a week later, to try and get it dismissed. It looked to be going her way at first. 

&#x200B;

EA Attorney: You Honor, this is a family matter. It's simply a case of a mother disciplining her child and the child calling the police because her mother grounded her from using the car. 

Judge: So she got mad and called the police and she, not knowing that it was a crime to destroy the license, did so?

EA Attorney: Yes, your Honor, that's pretty much it. 

Judge: Prosecutor, do you have nothing better to do today?

Prosecutor: No, your Honor, I don't. I consider it rather important. When a 22 year old woman has her car stolen, it doesn't matter who stole it. She has just as much of a right to justice as someone who has their car stolen by a stranger. 

Judge: 22? The victim is 22?

Prosecutor: Yes, your Honor. The victim is a 22 year old woman who is the sole owner of the vehicle in question. Her mother became enraged at her daughter. She then went to her daughter's home, stole her car and later destroyed her license. 

EA Attorney: Your Honor? I was not aware of the age or living situation of the victim. I was under the impression that the "child" was a minor who resides with her parents.   


EA was sitting there still looking smug. Her attorney was sweating bullets. 

Judge: EA, do you realize that these are very serious charges and if convicted you face up to 8 years in prison? 

EA: For what? I have the right to discipline my child as I see fit. She disobeyed me. She will think twice before doing it again.

Judge: No, you don't. You have the right to discipline your child within the confines of the law. You have stepped outside of that parameter. You stole your daughter's car.

EA: I'm her mother, it's my right. It isn't really theft because she is my child and her property belongs to me, by law!

Judge: Where did you get your law degree?

EA: I don't have one. 

Judge: Then let me be the first to explain to you that your child is a legal adult. PERIOD. You have no right to anything of hers without her express consent. PERIOD. You may not take her car without her permission. PERIOD. You may not enter her home without her permission. PERIOD. Do you understand that?

EA: You don't know what you are talking about! I'm her mother. That gives me the right. I'm in charge!

Judge: No, Ma'am, I'M in charge. This case will be held over for trial. 

&#x200B;

I went home a week later. EA eventually took a plea deal where she had 2 years probation and had to take parenting classes. The parenting classes were Mike's idea and the prosecutor thought it was great. We laughed hysterically over that because my cousin is an only child.....lol. 

Emily and Mike married a year later......and moved the hell away from there. This took place about 30 years ago. EA maintained for the rest of her life that the judges (there were 5 for different status hearings) didn't know what the hell they were doing and she was right. 

TL/DR

Entitled Aunt thinks she can punish adult child by taking her car, the police and the judge disagree with her./nSo there's a garage on the left hand side if my house where I park my car, and a driveway in front of it so the car can get inside. It's exactly like any other garage, and it is part of my property, yet some people feel that they're entitled enough to park just anywhere, including right in front of my fucking driveway.

EM = Entitled Mom Me = Me EC = Entitled child

It starts off when I'm about to go to the convenience store to get snacks, and I notice there's a car literally parked right smack in the middle of my driveway. There's no way my car could possibly get around, and I wasn't having any of it. So I yelled "WHO THE FUCK OWNS THIS CAR" and started blasting my horn. It took awhile for someone to finally react, and it just so happened to be the entitled bitch who owned the car. Apparently she was a mom of two kids, and she kept reminding me of that while I was arguing with her.

EM: WHAT ARE YOU DOING MAKING NOISE, MY KIDS ARE TRYING TO SLEEP!

Me: I apologize Miss, but some asshole decided it was a good idea to park right in front of my driveway.

EM: Yeah, that's my car, the spot I normally park in was taken by one of the neighbors and that was the only place I could park.

Now at first I actually felt sympathy for this woman. She had kids and everything and she wasn't wrong about the car taking up her spot because one of my other neighbors had a party celebrating their nieces Quincienera and the neighborhood was packed with cars, AND she didn't have a driveway of her own, so she had to park somewhere on the street. So I decided to calm down and nicely ask her to move her car, but instead of accepting my generosity, she decides to keep arguing with me.

EM: I am not moving my car, its late and I have to make sure my children get to bed.

Keep in mind it was only about 8:30 at the time, it wasn't late at all for her to move her car.

Me: I can't get my car out of here when your parked in the driveway, I'm asking you again to please move your car.

EM: What could you possibly be doing this late at night that requires you to drive somewhere???

Me: I'm just headed to the convenience store to get-

EM: I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU'RE GETTING, YOU CAN WAIT UNTIL TOMORROW TO GET YOUR SHIT!

She was really getting on my nerves. I got ready to raise my voice but then I had an idea. So I reply with "Okay." and walk back inside my house. When I looked back I saw she had that "Yeah, I totally showed him" look on her face. I tried not to get pissed off at that as I reached for the phone and called the police. I explain the situation and a few minutes later a tow truck arrives.

The car was in fact illegally parked, and so it was impounded. The next day, early in the morning I get a knock on my door. Obviously it's the bitch mother. Her kids were standing next to her. She immediately starts yelling at me as soon as I open the door. Apparently she was going to take her kids to an amusement park, and now that they didn't have a car, there's practically no way for them to go. As soon as she tells me that I immediately chuckle, which pisses her off even more, meanwhile her kids are crying.

EC: Mommy! I really want to go!

Me being the insensitive asshole I point at the kid and let out a big "HAH!", which causes him to start screaming like a Banshee. The mom starts yelling at me saying how much of a monster I am, I just reply with "Get a cab slut" and slam the door in her face. I may or may not have been a little to harsh, but that family of idiots got what they deserved./nThis happened yesterday, and yes, it was as stupid as it sounds.

So, for some quick context, I'm a cleaner at a private school. It costs something like £25k a year to send your kid here, so you can imagine the amount of rich, entitled BS that goes on. You already know who EM and me are, so let's get into it.

It's 4pm, and I've been at work for an hour just getting on with what I'm doing, and the EM comes storming into the classroom I'm cleaning.

EM: You need to move your car.

Me: What? Why?

EM, speaking very slowly and loudly for some reason: Y O U  N E E D  T O  M O V E  Y O U R  C A R.

Me, copying her tone: N O  I  D O N ' T.

EM: (does some confused blinking) Why are you talking like that?

Me: Because you were.

EM: Ugh, whatever, just move your stupid car. Its blocking me, and I have an appointment.

Me: Lady, my car isn't blocking you. I'm parked along the back row, by a hedge, blocking nobody.

EM: You're lying! Come and move your car right now!

This goes on for about 5 minutes, and eventually I figure she won't shut up unless I do something.

Me: Look, if I prove that my car isn't the one blocking you, will you get out of my face?

EM: Finally, just move the stupid thing so I can go.

So I go get my keys from the cupboard where my stuff is, EM practically glued to my shoulder the whole time, go to the car park, press the button on my key, and the lights blink on my beat up Fiat in the corner.

Me: See, my car. Right there. Not blocking anyone.
Thinking that's the end of it, I turned to go back to my job, and she started screaming behind me.

EM: You stole those keys! That's not your car, your car is in front of mine! Get your keys right now and move it!

Me: Okay, which car do you think is mine? (I figured if it's a staff member's car, I could direct the crazy bitch to them)

She marched over to a Range Rover (presumably hers) which was blocked in by a brand new Porsche - A BRAND NEW FREAKING PORSCHE - and glared at me.

I must have stared at her for at least 10 seconds before I started laughing my ass off.

Me: Lady, if you think I could afford that car on a part time cleaning job, you must be delusional.

She then started yelling about how I'm deliberately stopping her leaving, and she's going to have my car towed, but I just walked away. I don't get paid enough to deal with that crap. I have no idea what happened after that, but I really hope the Porsche driver didn't leave for another few hours, just to stick it to her.

Edit: hopefully fixed formatting/nEdit: Thanks so much to Everyone who enjoyed my story. When I posted this I had 102 Karma and as of this edit I have 5,445! Thanks Again!

Alright so English is my first language i just suck at it, TLDR is the title so here we go.

Backstory: So I work at a pretty big pretzel company but for privacy reasons i will call it Uncle Unne's. Anyway i had worked there for a year already and this happened pretty early in my second. This particular pretzel place was inside a small amusement park in Pennsylvania (Not Hershey Park) important to later. Alright enough lame backstory now on to the juicy story!

Cast: Me; Guess EM: Entitled Mole  TD: Tired Dad (not entitled) TK: Tired Kid

Story: So it was the last 5 minutes after my shift so i'm tired and want to go home. We were busy cleaning and not paying attention to the window because normally most families would have left by this point. Then we hear a knock our window. Know i'm the cashier so i walk up to the window and say the line I always say, 

Me:Hi! how can i help you today?

Em: Yeah nhi are you closed?

Me: We closed 5 minutes ago

Em: Great! Do you have any leftover pretzels?

Me: Yes we do why?

Em: Can i have them?

Me: How many would you like?

EM: 5

Me: Alright that comes to $21.15 ($4.23 a pretzel)

EM: What aren't they discounted?

Me: If you have a season pass its 15% off.

Em: NO! Your closed so the pretzels should be half off!

Me: (Wanting to go home and stopped caring) And why do you think that?

EM: You're closed so that means that the pretzels are a day old and should be discounted!

We switch out pur pretzels every 30 minutes

Me: Those pretzels are only 30 minutes old

Em: Fine! Babe do you still want them if they're full priced?

TD: I don't care hurry up so we can go home!

EM: Fine! So i can get 15% off right?

Me: If you have a season pass yes.

Em: NO! i should get 15% off because you are closed!

Me: Ma'am no. As you stated we are closed so we are no longer selling pretzels. I am only offering them too you because my boss wants as many sold as possible.

Em: SEE! you cant sell them so they are free!

Me: No they are not. I will take them home and eat them for my dinner. ( I was too tired to care as i had just worked a 5 hour shift, i know that's not a lot but it was 95 degrees fahrenheit and i had to deal with kids the whole time plus im 15 and they cant have me on for much longer.)

EM: YOU don't need them! My kids are hungry!

Me: Then buy them some food

EM: NO they are free!

Me: For me yes, for you they are $4.23

TK: Mommy can we go home now?

Em: Starts screaming something that no one but dogs could understand and leaves.

I know this story isn't as interesting as some of the others on this sub but i just had to post this and was waiting on getting enough Karma
Edit: Put in TK dialogue 
Edit: Thanks for the silver and gold kind strangers!/nIve read a lot of these stories and I finally decided to make my own account and share my experience with one in particular EP and EK

Okay so a little backstory, I used to work at McDonald’s when I was a teenager and I’m also deaf but I read lips. I developed bacterial meningitis and became fully deaf at the age of 12. I can still speak since I learned to speak before I became deaf and most of the customers I got there were very understanding, except one.

I was working front counter that day as I usually did so I was basically in charge of inside customers. This was the easiest position for me as I could see the customers and read their lips. A middle aged lady and her 9-10 year old son walk in and I say-

Me: hi welcome to McDonald’s

While signing it at the same time. She doesn’t look up and is looking down at her phone so I can’t see her lips and I can’t understand what she’s saying. So I explain

Me: excuse me ma’am I’m deaf and I read lips, can you look up for me?

She rolls her eyes and I clearly see she says 

EM: Why would they let a retard work the front counter

I am appalled by her behavior but just try to pretend like I didn’t see it. I smile and say

Me: what can I get started for you today

She starts to patronise me by speaking very very slowly *which fun fact actually makes it 1000x harder to understand what you’re saying* 

EM: I *pause* want *pause* a *pause* DIET *pause* COKE

Me: okay is that all?

EM: and a happy meal toy

Now all of our drinks are a dollar no matter the size but you have to PAY for a happy meal toy. We don’t just give them out for free. I ring her up and she’s shocked. She demands to know why I’m discriminating against her son and forcing them to pay for a happy meal toy. I really don’t want to cause any trouble and I wish I could say I told her where she could shove it but I ended up just giving her the toy for free. 

I thought I had avoided conflict

BUT OH BOY WAS I WRONG

I told her the total was $1.06 and after she paid I handed her a large cup and motioned for the guy behind her to move forward. She waves a hand in my face and points to the drink cup

Me: Yes ma’am?

EM: you never got me my drink!

Now I just thought she didn’t see the machines behind her so I pointed to to drink machine and said

Me: oh there’s a drink station behind you where you can fill up your drink.

I kid you not she word for word said 

EM: thats your job, do I look like I work for McDonald’s?

My jaw hit the fucking floor. I had never had someone be so rude in my entire life. I ended up telling her that when you come inside you fill up your own drinks because of sanitary reasons but when she kept on pushing at me I ended up just using our drive thru drink machine to give her the DIET coke. While I’m making the drink my coworker taps me on the shoulder and this is the reason that this is in the EP tag. I see her son making fun of me to his mom by pretending to sign and just in general being a jackass. His mom didn’t punish him or tell him off, instead she encouraged him and started to make fun of me with him. I went to the back and ended up bawling my eyes out. I felt incredibly embarrassed and like I had made a fool of myself by having a disability. I turned in my two weeks notice about a week later and haven’t worked in fast food since

To everyone reading this, please be kind to people especially your fast food workers. It’s a tough job even if you don’t have any disability. And if you see people who have disabilities working and trying to make a living, please be patient and help us out by just letting us do our thing and make us feel welcome. Thank you./nThis didn't directly happen to me, but I feel like you all will enjoy it anyway. Me and my step-mom were shopping at Macy's and she wanted to try on some clothes, so I sat in the little sitting area inside the giant room that holds all the fitting room cubicles. It was a pretty large area with probably around 12 or so little cubicles going off in two directions with an area in the middle that has a mirror, some clothing racks and some chairs in it, so that's where I was. The way I was seated, my back was to one of the hallways and directly facing the other hallway. Each room had about a foot and a half wide gap at the bottom, so if you knelt down you could see people's feet (Shit, you all know what fitting rooms look like IDK why I'm describing this.) Anyway, my stepmom is in one room in the hallway behind me. EM (entitled mom) and EB (entitled brat) a male child around 2.5-3 years old, are in the fitting room next to hers, and the victim of EM and EB is in a room directly in my line of vision in the other hallway, let's call her MH for 'my hero.'

I couldn't really see this part so my stepmom filled me in later when we were comparing notes but apparently EB was being a little shit and EM was grumbling at him to calm the fuck down while she tried on clothes and he thought it would be a great idea to crawl through the gap in the cubicle and enter my stepmom's cubicle instead. I could hear my stepmom saying something like 'Miss, your child is in here,' and the mom continued to yell and grumble at the kid. My stepmom opened her own door, nudged the little shit out and locked her door again. That's when the child slowly entered my field of vision. He toddled down the hall until he got to the very end and then got on his hands and knees and tried to crawl inside MH's cubicle. MH wasn't having it. 

She starts shouting 'HELLO?? Whoever's kid this is, come get your kid! HELLO?' She is definitely shouting loud enough for EM to hear but EM doesn't do anything. The kid has a shit-eating grin on his face and proceeds to crawl inside the cubicle when I see a large foot press upon his forehead from under the door and gently push him back out.

"HELLO? Who's kid is this? Come get your kid!"

The kid is pissed now and tries crawling inside MH's cubicle again and MH again gently nudges him away with her foot. The kid gets pissed and starts BAAAAAAWWWWING! Throwing a tantrum right there and the fitting room attendant rushes in and looks at me "Is that your kid?" And I just look at her like 'Why the fuck would that be my kid?' and shrug. The fitting room attendant has that 'I'm not paid enough to deal with this shit' look on her face, and asks loudly, "Who's child is this?" and starts peeping under all the cubicles and knocking on all the doors.

Fed up with everyone's shit, EM finally bursts out of her fitting room and comes right in the fitting room attendant's (FRA) face and accuses her of "Attacking my kid!"

FRA - "I just got here, I was outside returning clothes. I don't know what's going on!"

EM - "Then why is my child crying?"

FRA - "I don't know!" Then they both turn to look at me.

I'm trying not to laugh, but I'm also annoyed at this entitled beast so I get snotty and say "How should I know? I'm not your child's babysitter! All I know is your kid is crawling around harassing women who are simply trying to change their clothes!"

EM is building up to a massive "OH HELLL NAWWW!" and getting ready to unleash her rage at me, when MH finally emerges from her fitting room, storms down the aisle, gets in EM's face and shouts "YOU NEED TO CONTROL YOUR FUCKING KID, THIS ENTIRE FUCKING TIME YOU'RE ARGUING WITH PEOPLE THAT LITTLE SHIT IS CRYING IN FRONT OF MY ROOM! YOU NEED TO GO PICK HIM UP OFF THE DAMNED FLOOR! WHAT THE HELL IS THE MATTER WITH YOU?" And then she does that storming off thing where she bangs her shoulder into EM's shoulder on purpose as she leaves, and EM was speechless.

That's when my stepmom comes out of her cubicle, stops where EM and FRA are, looks from the crying toddler to EM and back, shakes her head and says "Those floors are so dirty" in that concern-troll voice, and then the two of us skedaddled out of there. Some say EB is still sitting on that floor crying to this day.
/nSome context here.  I host a weekly D&D game at a game store near my hometown.  I'm friends with the owner and employees at the store and have been doing this for several months now.  I run a fairly beginner friendly game and we advertise it on the website and on signs around the store to get people interested.  This has all gone pretty well so far and I've made some good friends of my regular players while having a large rotating cast of newbies that drop in and out of the game.

Well as I am setting up for my game last week in comes EM and her 3 children all aged between 4 and 8 if I had to guess.  Well EM has a quick chat with the owner as he points in my direction and she comes over to me.  She asks if I'm in charge of the game night and I say yes I am.  She then tells me (doesn't ask) that her kids will be participating.  I explain that I'm at table capacity for my game that night so I wouldn't be able to accommodate 3 more players.  She says that is ok they'll just watch then.  I say that is fine I explain the rough start and end times of the session and she nods absentmindedly while she scrolls away on her phone before sitting down at the table next to me with the kids.

Well about 20 minutes later my players are all here and taking their places at the table.  I'm not even half way through my typical greeting and explanation of the game for that night before EM has gotten halfway to the door of the game store.  This is the exchange once I notice this.

Me: Umm...ma'am aren't you forgetting something?  (Cue me pointing to her 3 kids just sitting at the table half asleep at this point)

EM: I'll be back at 10 to pick them up.  Just make sure they behave alright? (She's not even looking up from her phone still walking away.)

Me: I'm not a babysitter.  You need to take your children with you if you are leaving.

EM: I have things to do.  Just don't let them get into any trouble and they'll be fine!

Owner: (Noticing what is happening now) No ma'am we are not going to be responsible for watching your children for you.  Please take them with you when you leave.

EM: FINE!  I guess I'll just have to tell their father that date night is ruined because a bunch of fucking nerds couldn't keep an eye on 3 kids for a few hours.  Pathetic!

Owner: Ma'am there are children in the store (pointing to some of my younger players) and I'd appreciate you not using that language in here.  I'm going to have to ask you to leave now.

EM: (Turning bright red and grabbing her children rushing out.)  Oh FUCK OFF YOU ASSHOLE! 

EM then leaves and I spend the next few minutes talking with my players about that whole situation before we get back into the game.  So that was horrible, but on the plus side I think I have an idea for an evil hag character my players can take on next week...lol./nEDIT: So I didn't expect this much support, updoots and gold. Makes me feel like my frustrations are valid and I matter ig. I got done with dinner and am doing a writeup of the events following this, expect it soon. Thanks guys. Sorry for the blue balls.


EDIT 2: PART 2'S UP https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/com2w6/mom_tries_to_kick_me_out_i_pull_the_reverse_card/


So this is recent and I'm still processing, and english isn't my first language, so apologies in advance.


M: my mom
O: me(18)
T&t: two smol brothers, T is 13, t is 6


So some backstory: M basically expects us to act as her servants while she does the bare minimum of being a mother and has a long history of abuse, her and dad have divorced now since she "wanted to be free", she is also a failure by all accounts, a chainsmoking housewife with no skills or friends or anyone who loves her for that matter. She is kept around bc t gets really sad without her even though she is bad for him too so my dad can't quite tell her to fuck off. Keep this in mind.


So me and dad go out for some breakfast shopping, I come home, M asks me to get her some cheese bc she likes cheese, I oblige. After about an hour she decides to get out of bed. Yelling commences immediately, apparently T didnt hear her request to make the tea. So ofc since she is my mom and angry she gets to treat me like shit when I literally did nothing bad(and T over a simple issue) and I get yelled at to fix all the beds in the house and berated for how unsuccessful I am for having taken a gap year and just how retarded I am etc. 


I knowingly didn't do the best job at fixing the beds because after 18 years of serving this spoiled bitch I don't want to keep doing it as she calls *us* spoiled. She gets madder, calls us to the kitchen, we go.


She instantly starts doing more straight up unfair insulting as we say nothing out of respect and instilled fear bc when we were small any rebellion would get you slapped. I decide to turn around and leave the room. She grabs me in the corridoor and tells me to GTFO *her* house(dad owns it and she has no right since they are divorced). I tell her its my house as much as it's hers and she cant kick me out. She repeats, I dare her to fucking try something. She only says "ok I'm leaving then", and is dumbfounded when I don't beg her to stay and abuse me and my brothers more.


So I decide to take a shower and let this all blow over, no need to explode on her and cause her to have a breakdown or try to hit me. BITCH FUCKING COMES IN HALFWAY THROUGH MY SHOWER AND YELLS AT ME TO LEAVE. I tell her ok and to wait for me outside the shower. I get out, she is still demanding I leave. I snap. I state that I don't want her to be a nice caring mom, I want her to back off un her unrealistic expectations and insulting, aka show respect. She openly says she wont respect us so I rip into her for being the shit mom and massive, selfish failure she is. She proceeds to threaten to call the cops and I dare her to fucking do it.


Dad somehow gets wind of this, comes in the house, tries to get us to talk it out. Mom tries to basically get him to support her and have me kicked out, it backfires as my dad has finally stopped helping act like a spoiled child. She gets up and leaves. After 18 years I finally made a stand for myself and my brothers and it ended up unexpectedly well, all my keks. She genuinely thought and still thinks that we couldn't manage without her and ig tried to prove her point and failed fucking miserably. It was the most nice and peaceful day we had in weeks lmao.


Of course being the strong independent woman she is, she didn't even last a day outside. Ironic considering she was yelling at me over how she could do fine outside but my ass would starve. The shitstorm only continued but that's for part 2 if this gets enough attention. Thanks for reading/nI debated posting this story because I know some of my family is on Reddit, but I just decided that if they see this, I'm not going to care.

The woman in this story did some crazy shit recently, but it doesn't really fit this sub so I guess that's a story for another time. Telling this story is a good way to vent off some of the steam I guess.

Cast:

GC - Good Cousin

GH - Good Husband (GC's husband)

EC - Entitled Cousin (GC's twin sister) you can call her Evil Cousin too...both work. 

&#x200B;

So this story doesn't involve me too much, but I know quite a lot about EC's actions and behavior through stories family members and GC told me.

Ever since we were little kids, my cousin, GC, and I have been best buds. We lived only a few miles away from one another so we would bike to each other's houses, play in our backyards, and play video games. GC comes from an extremely wealthy family. Her dad, my uncle, started a business when he was twenty and it has been super successful to the point there are now several large locations across the globe. Even though this family is crazy-rich, they live a very modest lifestyle. They live in a small, two story home on a few acres of land and a large pond takes up most of it. The one lavish thing they do is that every two or three years, they go on a cruise. GC is one of three children. She has an older brother and her identical twin sister, EC.

You may think the "good twin, evil twin" scenario is only seen on the TV screen, but GC and EC are the real-world equivalent. GC is kind and generous while EC selfish and entitled. EC always had this idea in her head that, because her dad was so wealthy, she didn't have to lift a finger in life to get what she wanted. Good things just came to her, GC, and their brother, but GC had the common sense to know that she can't always rely on daddy's money. Despite getting pretty much everything they wanted growing up, GC and her brother never had entitled attitudes. Their parents are also super nice so EC was always the evil standout of the family.

EC's attitude only got worse as time went on. Eventually, EC got married and had a kid, a boy. EC's husband is just as nasty as she is so they were kind of made for each other. EC always wanted to rub her child in GC's face like she wanted gloat about having a kid before she did. GC had a history of bad relationships including those that involved verbal and physical abuse. One time, she came to her sister for advice after her boyfriend beat her. EC had the nerve to blame her weight and not using makeup to make herself more attractive. GC was afraid to date anyone after her last relationship disaster, but that changed when she finally met the man of her dreams, GH. I met GH personally and he's a giant teddy bear of a guy. He's the perfect guy to help heal GC's old wounds and give her the loving, happy life she deserves. Then, nearly two years after they met, GC and GH were engaged.

The entire family was thrilled that GC finally got the man of her dreams and her father wanted to throw a boatload of money to her to help pay for a beautiful wedding. For future reference, he did the same thing for EC when she got married...yet EC was NOT happy about how extravagant GC's wedding was going to be. GC wanted to be married at Niagara Falls and invite basically everyone she knew and her father was going to pay for pretty much all of it.

EC was furious. She talked to GC and their father about the wedding and how all the money being spend better not interfere with the family's upcoming cruise (yes they still went on cruises together every few years despite the children being grown and having families of their own).

Their father said that because of the wedding and how expensive it was going to be, the family cruise would have to be pushed back another year or two. EC practically exploded. She blamed GC for taking the cruise away from her and her "precious boy" who was five at this point. She said she told her son how they were going on a cruise and how now he's going to be so upset now because his selfish aunt wanted to get married instead of giving him a happy week in the tropics. EC even had the audacity to DEMAND GC to reschedule the wedding for next year so they could go on the cruise instead. GC, who is normally not a confrontational person, had it with her sister's attitude and told her if she wanted to go on a cruise, she would have to pay for it herself. EC and her husband were nowhere near as wealthy as their father and there was no way he was going to reschedule his own daughter's wedding just to give EC what she wanted.

EC's ranting went on for weeks flipping back and forth between blaming her sister for "ruining her son's year" and begging her father for money to go on a cruise because she and her family deserved it. She drove GC to tears and she ended up calling me up for advice. My only advice to her was to give EC, who normally gets everything, nothing...and by nothing, I mean don't invite her to the wedding. Like most sisters would do, GC wanted EC to be one of her bride's maids as she was a bride's maid at EC's wedding. Not inviting her would be a major upset for everyone involved, but it just may be the thing to teach EC a lesson. So she did just that. GC called up her sister and flat out told her that if she didn't change her attitude, she didn't want it leaving a sour taste at her wedding. Again, EC blew up shouting at GC, calling her all sorts of names, and again blaming her for the cruise being canceled. GC hung up and decided to not invite her to the wedding.

The wedding was amazing and I ended up being the bride's maid to take EC's place. Yes, I was invited to the wedding originally, but GC didn't want me to be a bride's maid only because she knew I hated dresses and I'd rather wear a suit, but I said I'd wear a dress just for her special day. It's been a few years now and GC and GH have a beautiful little girl and have a baby boy on the way. EC is still in their lives and is still nasty as ever, but she doesn't come to her father begging for anything anymore, because after her behavior towards him and GC, he threatened to leave her out of his will if she continued to pester either of them. Maybe now that she's not going to get everything handed to her on a silver platter, she'll change her attitude for the better...or at least that's what we all wish to happen./nFuck fuck fuck fuck fuck, I am livid. Fucking livid. 

So, i woke up at 6:30 AM to place my Mother’s Day card and her gift on her bed while she and my father were eating downstairs. 

So after placing the things on her bed, I head back to my own bed to sleep and wait for her to find the gift on her own. Meanwhile, I hear My parents arguing downstairs about god knows what. Not my problem, right? 

I head off to dreamland, but I am woken up by angry footsteps stomping up the stairs and my mother swinging my door open.

Mom: do you even appreciate me? Do you love me?

Me: yes. Did you check your bed?

Mom: there’s nothing there. You didn’t do anything for me today? Not even write me a card?

Me: I wrote you a card and got you something special. I left them on your bed. 

This causes her to check her bed again.

Mom: you are a liar and a horrible daughter!

Me, now looking around her room for the gift: I don’t know where they went? I promise I left them right here.

Mom, crying: your father finally gave me a nice present after all of these years! And this is the first year I don’t receive shit from you! 

So I take it upon myself to investigate every part of her room—no gift. I head downstairs to ask my father whether he has seen my gift, and there he fucking sits, hunched over the kitchen table eating his cereal. ED= entitles dad

ED: hey honey.

Me: can you help me look for mom’s gift? I left it on her bed but now it’s gone, I think the cat might have grabbed it or something.

ED, whispering now: actually honey, I took your gift. *sheepish grin* I forgot to get her something this year, so I gave her your gift. But I’ll get you something really nice today from that bookstore you like to make it up to you babe.

Me: you—you what? That wasn’t your gift! That was mine ! I’m going to tell her what you did!

Dad: no the hell you won’t. Why would you cause a big fight on a happy day? Don’t cause fighting, and I’ll buy you something nice to make up for the gift.  

At this point, I don’t fucking care. I bolt upstairs with the gift in my hand and give it to my crying mother. I explain to her what my dad did, and that this gift was from me and not him. 

So this escalated into a gigantic yelling match between the two of them. 

TLDR: My dad is an asshole.

ATTENTION ATTENTION, I HAVE A HOT HOT UPDATE: HE FUCKING BOUGHT HER THIS $200 SLIMMING TEA, **MID-ARGUMENT** !! WOW ! FUCKING OUTSTANDING MOVE ! 

Shit has hit the fucking ceiling now.

Update #2: they reconciled but it was like a, “My mom feels helpless because my dad won’t stop saying sorry until she says “I forgive you”, so it’s a “reconciliation” in a sense but at the same time it’s really not.

UPDATE #3: he came into my room and asked for forgiveness. I figure I will eventually forgive him. What are your thoughts

**Here is a big fat edit to the disbelieving redditors:**

1. My handwriting is nearly identical to my fathers. It is hard to find any distinction between the two, if you looked at them side by side for comparison. So it is pretty easy to believe that something my dad wrote was written by me, and vice versa. 

2. I coincidentally did not leave any signs that acknowledged me as the sender. I just wrote her a poem inside a card that addressed her in third person (such as: A mother is beautiful, kind, and intelligent... etc) so I didn’t leave a, “love, eyeballjupe” or a “dear mom” in the greeting and closing. 

But here’s the  funny thing: I am the only one in this household that writes poetry! My dad has never written poetry in his life. You would think that would be enough to signal a red flag in my mom’s mind, but I suspect she was just so overjoyed at such sweet words coming from her not so sweet husband that she didn’t question the validity of the poem? These are just guesses. 

For the record, I’m just as stunned as you all are that she believed my dad wrote the poem and gave her a pair of earrings—not her English loving and fashion forward daughter./nHello, I have this rescue mutt that I adopted after witnessing how a car just abandoned her on the street while still a pupper, because of this circumstances I have no way of knowing how her life was before I adopted her, but she seems to be pretty happy living with me, I let her roam free around the house, and even sleep on my bed, usually she's pretty social whenever someone comes visit. 

So I was at the vet one day, I had an appointment for just a bimonthly check-up, see if she's growing healthy, etc. 

While I was in the waiting room this kid comes and shoves a small car toy on my dog's ear, this scares her so much that she pees. So naturally I carried my dog to comfort her, she was still pretty young at this moment. 

The kid starts whining about how I won't let him play with my dog, and I explained as patiently as I could

"The way you used your toy with my dog made her feel uneasy, you have to be respectful and kind to other dogs because they're just like us"

Enter, entitled mother. 

The mother started complaining about how I was being selfish not letting a "MUTT" play with her kid, she said it as if the fact my dog was a mutt somehow lowered her value as a living being. 

I explained to the mother that her kid shoved a toy car on my dog's ear, to which the entitled mother just replied.

"So what? your dog isn't well trained, dogs should be able to withstand anything kids do to them, young kids just think of dogs as toys"

I was going to say something when the vet came out of the office to see what was going on. Apparently the entitled mother came to adopt a rescue dog from the vet.

To which the vet replied "Unless I see commitment from your part to educate your kid on respecting animals, I'm afraid I can't let you adopt any pet. Most of the pets we have for adoption here come from abusive households and we won't let them be adopted by someone who sees them as objects for her child to toy with"

At this point the entitled mother was just furious

"I promised my son that I would get him a dog if he studied hard, he deserves it"

To which the vet replied "No pet deserves to be threaten like a toy by a kid while the parents fail to educate their kid about respecting animals, my decision is final, you cannot adopt any pet from here"

The kid was crying but neither the vet or any employee neither myself cared at all, it was clear that the mother just wanted to give the dog to her kid as if it was a new toy. 

The mother complained about how we ruined her kid's childhood and left extremely upset. 

Here is a photo of my happy dog. 

https://i.redd.it/qbemi5ev8md21.jpg/nAlright boys and girls, this seem super unbelievable, but when you have been working in the pet trade as a sales associate for long enough in weird areas you start to see your fair share of entitled kids and shitstain parents. My first of many stories so don't be too harsh.

For context I work at a mom and pop pet store in the eastern US, and while my expertise is in aquatics, I try to be a jack of all trades. The day that this happened was rather uneventful until this point, all up until Little Shit (LS) and Pig Fucker (PF) entered the store. My store was pretty modest so it was fairly easy to see customers come in and out, especially in the fish department so I got first look at this magnificent creatures, a 40 something year old woman talking on her cell, her hair obviously died blonde and outfit practically screaming "midlife crisis" while her child was in tow. The kid must have been 7 or 8, the kid playing on his Switch, his shirt covered in what looked like a mixture of pizza sauce, soda, and plenty of mystery stains. At first things were pretty normal, the kid originally not caring about anything in the store while PF was getting enraged at him for not paying attention, though that changed rather fast. PF and LS were near the ferrets when PF took LS's switch, immediately causing a reaction of screaming and pouting before being distracted by some of the fish over in my department.

Alright, a bit of unnecessary information, but the way my store's fish department is set up is that 2/5ths of it is freshwater, 2/5ths is equipment, and the rest is saltwater. Given we weren't really known for saltwater we only kept pretty generic yet sought after fish like hippo tangs, various clownfish, six-line wrasses, ect. The thing about the first two is because of Finding Nemo, kids are always drawn to the "Dorys" or "Nemos". Alright, that all in mind the first thing LS did was head over to the small assortment of hippo tangs we had, practically pressing his shit covered face against the glass as he yelled out "Dory!" as loud as he could. PF hailed me down from algae scrubbing and this started the encounter. I like to act casual around the workplace as I find it lowers any sort of anxiety a customer has and makes me way more approachable. First thing out of my mouth was

Me: "Hey there, how's your night going? Need help with something?"

PF started out our encounter with a roll of the eyes before pointing to the tang and demanding a price with a simple but rude

PF: "How much for this thing?"

(was the way she said it that was rude).

After shifting gears from a casual standing to a more professional one I simply told her that the tang was $160 (he was a good size tang). Of course she scoffed but what came next was a bit more worrying. PF pulled out $30 from her purse and placed it on the desk we use to bag fish, saying in a aggravated tone

PF:"That's all you're getting, bag him."

Things start to go poorly from here. Its worth noting that it was 9:15 at this point, the store having closed 15 minutes ago, though we make it a policy not to ask customers to leave until 9:30. It was just my manager and myself at this point, my manager in the office closing down registers, so essentially it was like I was the only employee in the store. Seeing PF placing the $30 on the table I raised and eyebrow before leaning against the wall, simply asking her

Me: "Do you have a saltwater tank?"

She didn't take this well. She screamed without a second passing.

PF: "None of your fucking business, now bag my fish you cocky little shit"

I simply refused and slide her $30 back towards her before she slid it back, now more pissed off.

PF:"I'm going to get your ass fired if you don't bag my fish right now!"

At this LS was getting pissed at the interaction, screaming like a banshee about how he wanted the tang, still referring to it as Dory and beginning to stomp his feet in a tantrum. Soon enough I was asking them to leave.

So this is where I fucked up, I should have called the cops at this point knowing that she wasn't going to leave without a fight. LS was on the floor at this point, pounding his fists to the floor as snot dripped down his face as PF tried to guilt me.

PF: "Sorry sweetie, this guy doesn't want you to have the fish, he's perfectly fine with you having no fish friend to make you happy."

At this point she turned back up to me

PF:"Do you see what you did, you stupid fuck? You are breaking my angel's heart because you're being too much of a Jew to sell me the fish."

Internally I was laughing, this kind of situation happened now and again, but the antisemitism was a new one. I had figured everything was starting to resolve at this point, though I was mistaken. LS. Flipped. Shit.

You know how some opera singers can break glass with their voice? This kid would have a knack for something like that. LS was screaming as loud as humanly possible at this point as he managed to reach into the tank. At last my manager had made his way out of the office and watching what was going on. LS grabbed a piece of live rock, accidentally grabbing a longspine urchin. Angry screaming turned right to wails of pain as he pulled a rock out of the tank, a poor little pompom crab in tow. At this point I was less focused on the kid but more focused on making sure my manager was calling 911, which he did. When I turned around I saw something that still gives me nightmares to this day. The kid had been clutching his hand while his mother tried to help him, something hanging out of his mouth. The poor little pompom crab had been crushed by the kid, LS having shoved it into his mouth and chomping down on it, leaving a little claw hanging out of his mouth.

The next two minutes was a strange combination of astonishment and panic, myself telling the kid not to move his hand since he would break the spines of the urchin while PF began hitting me with her crappy purse screaming that I hurt her kid.

Me:"Your kid shoved his hand into a tank, one with toxic animals nonetheless (foxface rabbitfish) and did this to himself, calm the fuck down and leave him alone so when the paramedics get here they can get the spines out."

PF:"HOW DARE YOU!? YOU EXPECT ME TO LET MY ANGEL SUFFER? IF YOU JUST SOLD ME THE STUPID FISH THIS WOULD HAVE NEVER OF HAPPENED?"

Me:"Your kid reached into the tank and ate a crab, what the fuck did you teach this kid?"

PF:"DON'T YOU EVER, EVER TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY ANGEL! HE HAD THE RIGHT TO EAT THAT CRAB, YOU TOOK SOMETHING FROM HIM AND HE TOOK SOMETHING FROM YOU."

By the end of this interaction the paramedics had arrived, restraining the kid and taking him into an ambulance as the police tried to sort things out. Unsurprisingly PF tried to pin everything on me, saying I threw and urchin at him (Wtf?) and he ate the crab in a panic. Equally unsurprisingly we had the entire thing on CCTV, including PF hitting me with her purse. Long story short, PF was arrested for aggravated assault as apparently she had stuffed the rock into her bag to give it the extra punch. Didn't notice until after the paramedics saw me that I was bleeding on my leg from the jagged live rock. After getting a statement the cops left, PF and LS going off to where ever the hell the cops took them and I got out of everything with 8 stitches and a $300 bonus from my boss for handling the situation without anyone getting seriously injured. From what I ended up hearing, the kid had actually got stung by the foxface's dorsal spines and that sent him into a blind rage. The mom got a plea deal and she ended up with a huge fine, some jail time, and some other shit.

In summery, I didn't sell a EM a fish, kid flipped shit, grabbed an urchin and ate a crab, EM got arrested for assault. This was by far the worst situation I had ever had in the store and I still can't believe the outcome of this till this day. This was three years ago now, I was in work the other day when I say a pouting kid over a mom not let him get a hippo tank and this has been brought to the front of my mind ever since.

EDIT: At work at the moment, gonna try to find out what happened from my boss later. Just noticed an inconsistency with the timeline, switch wasn't out yet. I personally always remember it as a switch, though given the circumstances there is a big chance that it was an ipad or something similar in shape. Gonna leave this here just so every knows. Also, thanks a shitton for the silver!

EDIT: So a lot of you guys have been asking about what ended up happening to PF and LS, I had sat down with my boss this morning and asked about the events and while I didn't get all the answers I was looking for, this is what he had to say. As I've stated, I still stay up now and again wondering what could make people act this way and I did get a few answers. According to my boss, the woman PF was the wife of a known meth dealer, which didn't exactly surprise me given what happens in my town. The cops never had gotten a warrant to search their property for whatever reason, but this had given them the opportunity. From what he was told me the woman was abusing prescription anti-depressants and drugs for ADD and had, had a meltdown. Although I pressed charges I never was called to court and from what we could assume, PF most likely struck a deal with the police to rat out her husband. I don't know the story with LS, though it wouldn't surprise me if he was on the same toxic cocktail of drugs. In regards to the CCTV footage, he had told me that he handed it over to the police and couldn't show me for "legal reasons" but that there wasn't much to see other than my manager running to the sales floor. The way our CCTV cams are placed only really show part of the sales floor, the office, and the register counter. 

Medical bills was way easier, I have been on an expensive med not covered by most insurances for most of my life so I've always had to pay out the ass for a really good insurance company and this time it paid off. I ended up with a $100 charge for the ambulance, though my boss reimbursed me. Honestly this was just a really surreal situation and it has really confused me for a while, but I'm pretty happy I got things cleared up, hopefully PF is rotting in jail and LS is getting the love and direction he should have been getting all along.

Also, holy shit guys, thanks for the gold!/n**This is going to be a long post, as I have to detail several years of EP behavior by my aunt in order to justify the retribution exacted by my cousin.  TL; DR at the end.**

&#x200B;

*Backstory*

My mom is the oldest of four children and gave birth to me a few months before her youngest sister **(let's call her Cruella)** gave birth to my cousin **(Maleficient).** From the day she brought Maleficient home, Cruella groomed my cousin to be a beauty pageant kid. She started getting Maleficient's hair done as soon as she could and raised Maleficient to only wear dresses and very dainty shoes. [When I briefly lived with my aunt, she used the money my mom sent home to provide for my care to get Maleficient new clothes and hair.](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b1t0iv/entitled_aunt_used_me_as_a_check_so_my_mom_told/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x) Cruella had a full-time job as a grocery store cashier and also received child support from Maleficient's father, who was in the US Air Force, but she spent thousands of dollars on making sure her daughter was always beauty pageant ready.

&#x200B;

When we got older, I was a grade level ahead of Maleficient. Cruella made Maleficient compete with me academically regardless of the difference in our classes. We were both good students and lived in different states, but Cruella would call my mom once a month and would ask detailed questions about my report cards. If Mom told her that I earned all A's, Cruella would implement various punishments until Maleficient had just as good or better grades. At first, Cruella would belittle her own daughter with taunts. Then she would deny buying Maleficient any cookies, toys, etc., until her grades "improved." When we started hitting our growth spurts, Cruella would make Maleficient wear old dresses and shoes that were **way** too small until her grades "improved."

&#x200B;

Naturally, this made life difficult for me and my mom. Maleficient grew to resent me and she often did petty things to get me into trouble, like breaking my grandma's doll collection, breaking dishes, and even fought me a couple of times when I refused to be bullied. Mom stopped discussing my grades with Cruella, which worked until Mom and I moved back to her hometown (where Cruella lived) and enrolled in the same school as Maleficient. Then Cruella began to "volunteer" at the school on report card days just to find out what my grades and Maleficient's grades were. This continued into our college years.

&#x200B;

I ended up dropping out of college after three semesters as I had developed a drinking problem. I had to undergo a few months of treatment. Maleficient was enrolled in college by this time, and Cruella maintained her streak of competition by calling my mom to report how well my cousin was doing before snidely pointing out that I was no longer in college. I changed phone numbers after Cruella called me one day to tell me that Maleficient was applying for study abroad *then* asked how my "borderline minimum wage" retail job was going. The irony was that Maleficient would end up being a fourth year junior in college when I finally returned to college. More on that later.

&#x200B;

By the time I returned to college, our grandma (Mom and Cruella's mom) was in a nursing home due to dementia-related problems. She had been diagnosed while we were in high school but the disease was progressing rapidly. Mom, being the eldest child, quit her job to spend every day at the nursing home, talking to grandma, reading to grandma, etc. Mom wanted to have grandma returned to grandma's home, but Cruella refused. Cruella had secured power of executor of the estate shortly after grandma's diagnosis, meaning that she had the ability to place Grandma in the home despite her siblings' protests. It also meant that Cruella technically had ownership of Grandma's home and the land on which it sat.

&#x200B;

Fast forward a couple of years: Maleficient began dating a local pastor's son **(let's call him Charming)** and they got engaged in April, after dating for three months. Cruella, coincidentally, was good friends of Charming's mother.  Cruella wasted no time in bragging to my mom how Maleficient was engaged to be married. At this time, I was graduating from college, which really got under Cruella's skin. I still didn't talk directly to her but I did keep up communication with my cousin.

&#x200B;

When I talked to her about the upcoming wedding, Maleficient revealed that Cruella was planning to take Grandma off life support and would use the money from Grandma's estate and insurance to pay for a lavish wedding. Maleficient also revealed that she did not want to marry Charming, was fed up with college (she was a seventh year senior), basically living the life Cruella had created for her. I mentioned to my mom what Maleficient had said about taking Grandma off life support, and Mom was **livid.** She called Maleficient and they crafted the revenge together.

&#x200B;

*Revenge:*

In June, Cruella decided to host a very over the top party to celebrate the engagement. Mom and I chose not to attend as we chose to visit Grandma in the hospital together that night. So Maleficient's actions were reported to me by Maleficient herself, but I'm going to phrase them.

&#x200B;

Cruella had organized the evening so that the parents of the engaged couple and the engaged couple could stand to tell everyone in the room how amazing their respective families were. Charming and his parents had already gushed their praises for Cruella, and it was Maleficient's turn. Maleficient thanked Cruella for raising her, thanked Charming's parents for raising such a good son....*then announced that the wedding was off.* She took the opportunity to tell Charming that she did care about him but would not marry him just because it was what their families expected from *soon to be parents.* Maleficient then left the party and spent the night with one of her friends from high school.

&#x200B;

This humiliated Cruella on a personal and financial level. She had already paid non-refundable deposits for a caterer, wedding reception hall, dress, limo, etc., and she was out of hundreds of dollars. Furthermore, Cruella and Charming's parents were very against premarital sex, which made Maleficient's unexpected announcement even more appalling. Cruella had planned to keep the pregnancy as hidden as possible with the dress she had selected, the floral arrangement, etc., and Maleficient was expected to remain complicit. She called Maleficient and raged at her several times, but Maleficient stood her ground. She returned the car Cruella had bought for her and informed Cruella that she was dropping out of college as well, which would leave Cruella *thousands of dollars in debt on student loans.*

&#x200B;

Their drama took a back seat when Grandma passed away in early August. Maleficient had gotten a job in a corporate office by then, and showed up to the funeral looking very happy and very pregnant. After the funeral, we had a reception and Cruella called Mom, me, Maleficient, and my uncle and other aunt into a room together to announce that she was going to sell Grandma's house and land, and would split up Grandma's life insurance policy money as she saw fit. It was the expected announcement from her and she phrased it as something Grandma would have wanted.

&#x200B;

I don't know who was smiling bigger, Mom or Maleficient, when they announced that they were contesting her power as executor of the estate. As Grandma's diagnosis of dementia had been announced just days before Cruella secured her position, Mom had consulted a lawyer to contest the decisions Cruella had made. Mom and Cruella ended up going to court and the matter was resolved less than a year later: Cruella's position as executor of the estate was overruled due to Grandma's mental capacity at the time. This meant that, outside of a life insurance policy Cruella had taken on Grandma, she received no money directly. Maleficient is paying on her student loans but Cruella is still paying off other debts from living beyond her means. Mom agreed to let Maleficient and her daughter move into Grandma's old house, and she and Charming are co-parenting.

&#x200B;

**TL; DR: My aunt was an abusive, manipulative nut; her daughter felt she could not make the cut. But when she got older, she also became bolder. Now auntie is stuck in a sad little rut.**

&#x200B;

**UPDATE: I just want to let anyone who commented know that my cousin really appreciated the comments and feedback this post got. She is not a member of Reddit and does not want to be, but she was really, really happy that so many people were supportive of her ordeal. Thank you everyone for your thoughts.**/nDO NOT READ THIS IF YOU HAVE A WEAK STOMACH!!!!!!!!

Consider yourself warned.

Okay, among my many vices (gaming, etc) one that I have had for many years is my addiction to nicotine.  Now, I'm not a smoker.  Honestly, I hate the smell of all forms of smoke. I use smokeless tobacco, better known as "snuff", "chew", or "dip" depending on where you are in the nation.  

When you use this stuff, you spit... sometimes quite a lot.  Because of that, I've had this habit of keeping old soda bottles handy. That way, I can spit in the bottle and seal it.  No worry about accidentally spilling it and making a mess.  This has also the effect of, sometimes,  making it easy to hide what I am doing.

I never expected that it'd cause trouble though.  Trouble, and humor.

So, couple years back I was taking a cross country trip by bus.  About halfway to my destination, at a lay over in Denver, I had the following encounter: 

Dramatis Personae:  EK:  entitled kid, TM: tired mom, ME:  Me.

ME: (taking a seat outside the bus station at a nearby store. As I sit down, I put my half full spit bottle beside me and start checking my phone.)

EK: (Pointing at bottle)  Gibs me dat.

ME: What? Huh?  Oh... no, you don't want that.

EK:  I want it, Gib it to me. (yes, the kid actually said "gib")

ME: No, now shove off kid.

About this time, the kid ran over to his mother and said something.  The lady came over my way and seemed nice, if very tired. Long bus rides will do that.

TM: My boy says you won't give him the rest of your soda.

ME:  It's not so...

TM:  I know full well what it is. Why don't you just you know... give it to him?

ME: But...

TM: Just give it to him.

At this point, I just shrug, gesturing at the bottle.  The liquid in it was dark as cola, though it sure as hell wouldn't be as tasty.  Mom smiled and thanked me, taking the bottle and walking back over to her hellspawn.  

I decided to hang around and watch everything.  The kid turns to me, flips me the bird, and then makes a show of opening the bottle and taking a BIG gulp out of it.

You could see his brain suddenly short circuit.  Gag reflex kicked in, along with the sudden need to swallow.  I could tell that his mind was fighting with itself.  Eyes the size of saucers, the gag reflex won and he blew the liquid out all over the front of his shirt, then pants. Then he started to dry heave.  Turned several interesting shades of color too. All the while, the mom was watching him, patting his back.  Eventually she carried him off in the direction of the rest room to be cleaned up.  That kid looked like he'd never trust a coke ever again.

I ended up speaking to the lady later, while we all were on the bus.  Apparently, the grandmum had seriously spoiled the kid, giving him anything and everything he wanted.  Mom, for her part, was trying to teach him that the world didn't work that way.

I think her little stunt with my spit bottle made a point./nThis didn't happen to me but to a friend of mine and the details will be written down as he told me the story.

&#x200B;

So long story short, my friend is a furry and at the time was attending Midwest Furfest.

Now there are a TON of fun activities that attendees can partake in and most of the panels and activities listed on the official program are totally appropriate for families and kids. That being said, like any other type of geeky conventions, people will hold room parties in their hotel rooms or suites that are NOT part of the official program and are not the responsbility of the convention itself. Very often those room parties will either be gatherings of friends or sometimes they will just be centered around certain social groups. For example, there are Furries of Colour parties now and trans room parties. And sometimes , well, they will be parties of the more sexy kind. You know what I mean.

&#x200B;

Sometimes, to attract a certain crowd , especially at the social group parties, they will advertise the room party on a board near the hotel lobby to advertise the party's room number for those who might be interested to attend.

&#x200B;

Anyway, those parties are obviously PRIVATE functions and OBVIOUSLY the person who is paying for the suite/room has a complete liberty of choosing who is allowed inside and who is not. Especially if they are just a gathering between friends.

&#x200B;

Flash forward to Saturday evening. This is generally the biggest evening of the convention in terms of official events AND room parties. My friend is hosting a room party for gay men in his suite. The attendees are all legal adults, the majority of them in their late 20s early 30s. Nothing too risqué is going on, but it's a bunch of gay men together in a room, so "colourful discussions" and a bit of flirting and groping is happening from times to times (I mean , duh).

&#x200B;

At some point early in the evening, they hear a knock at the door.

&#x200B;

**Friend:** \*goes to the door and slightly opens it to see a kid, no older than 15 or 16 standing outside the door\*

**Friend:** "Ummmm, hi? Can I help you?

**Kid:** "Can I come in?"

**Friend:** "\*slight giggle\* uh, no. This is a private party. It's not part of the convention. Sorry"

My friend then closes the door and returns to entertaining his guests.

&#x200B;

About 15 minutes later, another knock at the door.

&#x200B;

This time, my friend's roommate goes to answer the door and finds the same kid standing there, and this time he has his father with him.

&#x200B;

**Friend's roommie:** "Yes?"

**Entitled Dad:** "Yes, my son came here earlier and was refused to be let in."

**roomie:** "Well yes, but..."

**Entitled Dad:** "Is there a specific reason why my son can't attend this event?"

&#x200B;

At this point my friend intervenes.

&#x200B;

**Friend:** "Sir, this is a room party, it's not part of the official program. Plus, your son is a minor and everybody here is a grown man in their 30s. This would be extremely inappropriate."

**Entitled dad:** "Don't give me that! We paid full price for an attendance pass. I expect my son to be able to enjoy this convention to its fullest"

**Friend:** "But.. that's what I'm telling you. This isn't covered by the convention ticket. This has nothing to do wi--"

**Entitled Dad:** "But this party was advertised downstairs in the lobby!"

**Friend:** "The board downstairs will advertise a lot of PRIVATE room parties, it's a convention thing. People will organise gatherings amongst friends and social groups because they're all gathered in the same spot for the weekend. That doesn't mean it has anything to do with the convention proper. Now please, can you leave? We've told you more than once that your son is not welcome here."

My friend at this point hushes the ED and his kid out and closes the door.

&#x200B;

At this point, everybody thinks the story is over, but Entitled Parents being petty. It isn't.

&#x200B;

At around 11:30 PM, a much stronger knock is heard at the door. My friend goes to open the door and is met with hotel security and a Rosemont PD officer.

**Friend:** "What the.. What is going on?"

**Hotel Security**: "Sir, we've got a report of illegal activity taking place in this room, we'd just like to do a quick checkup."

My friend is flabbergasted but lets the cop and security personnel in. Of course, they find absolutely nothing weird going on.

**Friend:** "Can I at least know what this was about? This is very distressing."

**Hotel Security:** "A man came to us earlier and said that your party guests were doing drugs and commiting acts of gross indecency by being sexually inappropriate where other people could see them."

My friend then realizes it was more than likely ED and tells Hotel Security about how that ED tried to force the party attendees to let his minor son attend a room party full of grown adult males and how they had told them to leave repeatedly.

Hotel Security apologizes and my friend got a partial refund on his room to make up for the intrusion and no more problems happen from then on. He doesn't know if anything happened to the man and his kid./nA few things first. 1) This is my first post on here, 2) I'm finnish, english ain't exactly my first language and 3) Formatting? Never heard of it. Anyways, on to the story, I guess.

EDIT: There’s a typo in the title, it’s supposed to say his instead of her. So to clarify, Ek is a BOY and the main leader/master/whatever is a WOMAN. 

&#x200B;

So this happened like 9-10 years ago when I was 7 or 8 years old. I was a scout back then and a part of a group which was, for the most part, filled with friends and people I knew. I was popular, because back then I was social and easy going. I was friends with everyone and everyone was friends with me and everyone else. But, as always, there's one exception to this.

&#x200B;

In all honesty, EK was a goddamn dumbass. He would yell, he would fight, he would make others cry. He did what he wanted. Back then I thought he was special ed and that's why I tried to be friends with him but nope, later in life, when we went to the same high school I learned that he was just... dumb. 

Like I said, that kid was a dumbass and would always be trying to get into fights with everyone. People were sick of it and in time, so was I.

I don't remember clearly what the bastard did to deserve a shouting from me (he was propably harassing girls or hitting boys) but I fucking flipped on him. Now, at this time, he didn't take out his knife or begin to cry, instead, he just stopped shouting and stopped whatever the hell he was doing. For the rest of the day he would just sit at the back of our cabin and just stare at me, menacingly.

&#x200B;

So, let's skip a week ahead in time. It was the next scout "session" (don't know what else to call it) and things were going well. We were doing something time consuming, so everyones attention was at the thing they were doing, whatever that was. EK, of course, wasn't doing anything and instead he decided it was better to run around the cabin. Scout master/leader tried her best to stop the madness but that only fuelled EKs rampage. 

While on his rampage, it didn't take long for him to find the door to the log cabin that was next to the main cabin and when he did, well, shit hit the fan, HARD. I was sitting next to the cabin and I could hear everything he did and said there clearly.

&#x200B;

EK: "Oh my!"

He started whispering from the log cabin.

EK: "Ay Joel (me), come here for a sec!"

At first I thought: "What the hell is he doing now?" but I soon became curious. He wouldn't stop whispering and I kind of wanted to know what the bugger had found. So, like stupid goddamn kid I was, I went there.

Me: "Yeah? What is it?"

EK: "I got something to show you?"

After a bit of searching, I found him at the back of the cabin.

Now, at this time, I thought he was going to apologize for being a dick to everyone and I was quite extatic. I knew this would be a story I would milk the shit out of, something to brag to my friends. "I was so intimidating that he apologized to ME!" Well, I got a story out of it, but not the one I was hoping...

Me: "What's ya got there, buddy?" 

His back was turned against me and I didn't see what he was hiding or doing. After I asked him what he was doing, he turned around.

EK: "You see this, Joel?"

I couldn't see what he had in his hand but I saw his twisted grin.

Me: "I can't see it, could you bring it closer?"

EK: "Sure!"

And now I saw it, a dull, red handle knife.

EK: "Do you see it now, Joel?"

Now, at this point I said something along the lines of "oh shit" or "what the fuck" and booked it outta there, with the fucker laughing maniacly behind me. 

I ran out of the log cabin in to the main cabin and tripped. This diverted the leaders attention, who now noticed that EK was gone and that I was on the cabin floor, panicking.

Leader (L): "What's wrong Joel? Where's EK?"

Me: "It's EK, that wankers got a knife (yep, I said wanker, that one I remember vividly)"

L: "What?"

Me: "He's trying to gut me!"

It took a moment for the leader to realise what was happening but when she did, she ran into the log cabin, fuming.

My friends came closer and asked me what had happened but before I could answer them, I heard the leader scream at EK.

L: "What makes you think it's okay to threaten someone with a knife!?"

EK: "I wasn't I was just showing it!"

L: "Well what makes you think you have any right to hold one without a supervisor! You could have not only hurt yourself, you could have hurt Joel!"

EK: "I swear, I..."

L: "Get out of here. Go outside and wait for your mom to come pick you up!"

She then came back into the main cabin and told one of the other leaders to look after us. She then went outside with EK and waited for the mother to come pick the little devil up. 

Now, according to what I had heard the leader tell the others after this incident, the mother was fucking furious. A complete and utter EM, who tried to tell the leader that I was propably the aggressor and that I was a goddamn son of a bitch. At the time I laughed at this with my friends but had I known she would come for me the next week, I wouldn't have been laughing. 

&#x200B;

In order for you guys to understand better where me and my friends were when this happened, [here](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Turuntie+8,+31400+Somero/@60.633554,23.5088811,3a,75y,188.35h,84.57t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s79CyquNO-dR95NiZVotpcQ!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!4m5!3m4!1s0x468c2f166f103921:0xa54209e8adf40fa7!8m2!3d60.6330881!4d23.5087221) is the main cabin.

Now, a week after the incident, me and my friends were on top of the "bridge" you can see in front of the building. We were fucking around, doing dumb stuff, playing tag, stuff like that when suddenly, EM shows up.

The conversation goes something like this:

EM: "Which one of you is Joel?"

Me: "Here ma'am."

EM: "You! You're the one who bullied my darling!"

Me: "What?"

I then noticed EK on the backseat, bawling his eyes out.

Me: "Oh, you're EKs mom... yeah, he tried to slice me with a knife"

EM: "hE WoUlD NevER!"

She then went on to list some positive things about him, which seemed pretty bullshit to me and my friends.

"He's a gentleman!" Yet he harassed little girls.

"He's great at school!" Yet he couldn't be bothered to pay attention for a single second (that and he was a F and D student in High School so...).

"He's got more friends than any of you!" Yet he had somehow become an outcast in our scout group.

I honestly got bored at her rambling and went back to playing with my friends. Some of them kept shouting at her, others ignored here. One of my friends, a girl I had known since kindergarten started straight up roasting this 30 year old woman. I can't remember what she shouted but I remember EMs reaction.

EM: "Shut up you bitch, this ain't none of your business."

Now this didn't stop my friend, in fact, it fuelled her rage even more. Knowing what kind of woman her mother was, this didn't suprise me one bit.

As time went on, one of the leaders noticed the commotion and came to check what's going on. EM noticed this and got out of there, *FAST*! After the leader asked us, what had happened and we told him, he went and told the main leader and she was furious. She went and straight up banned EK, a ban which was lifted just 3 years ago in 2016, when EK wanted back into the scout group. My career as a scout had already came to an end in 2011, so it didn't bother me, until I started it again in the autumn of 2016 and had to cope with the dumbass AGAIN. 

But, that's a story for another time folks (if you want more, of course)./nSo this happened a couple of years ago but it still just hurts. 

My Dad and I have never really seen eye to eye. He grew up with no sisters and an awful mother figure and none of his friends have daughters, only sons. I don’t blame him for struggling to raise a girl when he had absolutely no reference point but he didn’t need to show blatant favouritism towards my brother.

I’ve always been the black sheep a little. My parents and younger brother have always been this nice little trio, my brother is a Mummy’s boy but Dad dotes on him regardless. He’s four years younger than me, I’m 18 he’s 14. I’ve struggled to find my place in the family, even my standing as which sibling I am isn’t certain because my Dad accidentally impregnated a girl at 19, had my half-brother, and I was born 14 years later. My older brother was enough in my life that I don’t feel like the oldest child but not enough to feel like the middle, I’m just Dad’s retrial at parenting and my brother is the beneficiary of all his practise.

Now aside from that little rant, the actual story.

My brother and I are very musical, I play a multitude of instruments, he just plays saxophone, and he’s good, always has been. He suffered classic younger sibling syndrome, we were in a much better financial position when I began playing clarinet that I got a really good beginner-intermediate model that I still play today. When he started about four years later things had gotten tight, so he had to rent his from the local concert band, and it wasn’t great. Originally it was fine because my parents didn’t want to invest in something he might not commit to but he did and loved it.

At this point I was 15, and I’d been working for two years at a local sports club, earning less than minimum wage because I was underage, working my butt off and saving a pretty hefty percentage of my income. My father, who felt responsible for my job since he knew the owner but I’d actually gotten the job myself, decided he was entitled to my savings, about $500 at the time. His exact words were 

‘We could use your savings to buy your brother a better saxophone’

God it crushed me. First of all you cannot get a sax better than the one he has for only $500. Secondly, what kind of father asks one child to give up practically two years of work for another? It made me feel like he had more pride or hope for his son that his daughter’s savings should contribute towards it, even though at the time I was saving for a student level clarinet and he knew that. He never offered to pay the money back or anything and thankfully, after I asked Mum what she thought of it and she lost her mind, it was never brought up again, though he has asked for my savings since then and I’ve said no.

Can’t wait to move out next year.

EDIT: So I should make a couple of things clear.

My father didn’t actually take the money, Mum shut that situation down real quick, but it didn’t stop him from asking and trying to manipulate me into giving them up for a long time.

I live in New Zealand, and my accounts have been in my name since I was 13. My parents have just as much right to them as the stranger across the street. Absolute zero. 

Credit isn’t really a thing here so that’s not an issue either.

Can’t believe all the attention this got and thanks for all the advice.

EDIT #2:

I have half a year of high school left and then next year I’m moving eight hours away to university, so that’s where my savings are going, I can’t move out now.

Also to explain the minimum wage situation, in New Zealand minimum wage is $17.70, and it tends to go up every year. However you don’t have to pay minimum wage to employees under the age of 16, you can pay them whatever you want. I started on $10 an hour at age 13, and nearly a year into the job I went up to $14.25 as that was the current minimum wage, and that’s where my wage stayed until I turned 16 even when the minimum wage rose.

EDIT #3:

Don’t appreciate the attacks I’m receiving about how much I had in savings after two years. That isn’t what this post about./nAlright so, a few warnings: first post, on mobile, etc. blah blah blah. You get it, you’ve seen these stories before. Gonna try to keep it clean.

LET US BEGIN!

So a few weeks ago I was in a grocery store, right? Nothing unusual. I had a particularly rough day and so I wasn’t in the mood for dressing up, just a blue t-shirt from one of my old schools, shorts, and sneakers. I had just finished getting everything I needed when I got into line. That’s when I saw Ep.

Now, this woman only had two things in her cart. Her toddler, a little boy who was probably around 3, and way, WAAYYYY too much booze. I mean like the whole cart section of the cart was absolutely filled with bottles. Also, worth mentioning that this woman (probably mid thirties) was wearing a hot pink CROP TOP. Alright, that’s pretty bad, but it’s not my business and I’m not in the mood to argue with someone. 

She pays for her things and begins to leave, so I begin to do the same. I’m at the card chip reader when I feel a tap on my shoulder. I turn around, and the trouble begins.

Me: hello ma’am, can I help you?

Em: yes, I was wondering if you could change your shirt.

Me: (dumbfounded) I’m sorry, what?

Em: well, blue is not a girls color and I don’t want my son to get the wrong idea about what is acceptable to wear.

Me: I’m sorry, I will not be doing that. If you want your son to learn those types of things you can do it at your house, but I’m allowed to wear whatever I feel like wearing.

Em: oh, don’t be so unladylike! Just change out of that shirt!

Me: I will if you can give me one good reason.

Em: blue is not for girls!

Me: okay well, crop tops aren’t for witches, but you’re here.

At this point I just made sure I had everything and walked away. I heard her mutter something to the cashier as I left but I couldn’t hear her and I honestly don’t care./nSorry about the layout. This is definitely going to get buried but i thought i'd post it anyway even though it happened a while ago, my memory isn't the best so this is only a basic outline of what was actually said. 

EK=entitled kid
EM=entitled mother
T=teacher
OP/Me=me

Ok lets start, for background i went to school with EK a very long time ago and somehow i managed to get on his bad side. EK didn't seem to like me and would use any possible excuse he had to torment me and make school a living hell. Before we started sitting together in this particular class he had already been picking on me for years so i wasn't exited and kinda expected this from him.

EK wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed and he often copied other kids answers. I didn't want to make his attitude towards me any worse than it already was so i would just play along and act like i didn't notice him looking over my shoulder, this went on for a while until one day T finally held us both back after class.

-

This is basically how the conversation went:

T: i have noticed both of you are getting similar scores on tests and are writing down the same answers in class, would either of you like to admit to anything?

As i didn't want to be called a snitch i kept my mouth shut and hoped this other kid would learn his lesson, but no, thats not how it works apparently.

EK: OP has been stealing my answers for months, its sooo annoying!

Me: actually its the other way around-

T: why didn't you say this before?

EK: shes just trying to blame it on me!

It basically ended up with me in detention and EK running free because the way it looked was as if he told the truth and i turned the tables on him. We were still sitting next to eachother in class so he continued to copy my work, then it came to the next test...

-

I had heard something online about someone who got their revenge by ticking all of the answers wrong in pencil then rubbing it out last minute and rewriting them in pen and that is exactly what i did. I ticked every answer far from correct, to an extent where some of the answers were even quite dumb then around 5 minutes to the end of the test i went through again rubbing out my answers and ticking the correct answers in pen, also intentionally covering most of my answers so that he struggled to copy them. EKs expression was a mixture of anger and defeat as he knew he couldn't do anything now, it was priceless.

After the test he came up to me looking pale/ worried and asked me why i did it, i acted like i had no idea what he was talking about and he stormed off angrily.

We handed in the tests and when they came back i got a decent score as usual and he failed miserably, T even made a comment on how messy it looked when he scribbled out his answers.

I bet you think this is the end? No, we're only just getting started. This is EMs time to shine!

It wasn't that long after the test, maybe a week or so when me and my parents were called into the school to attend a meeting with T, EK and EM.

-

This is how it went:

T: EM has contacted us about OP 'bullying' EK, OP do you have anything youd like to say?

Me: yes, what exactly did i do?

EM: you made EK fail his test!

T: could you explain how OP managed to do that?

EM goes on to explain exactly what i did and T suddenly realised who was really cheating off of who. 

T: so your kid was cheating? 

EM: no, he already knew all of the answers anyway, its just a waste of his time! 
(yes EM actually told T it was a waste of her dumb kids time whilst basically admitting that he cheated) 

T: but he was copying the answers anyway? 

EM didn't really have much to say after that. EK was given a detention and left in a huff and i got an apology from T for the detention i was put in. 

-

Unfortunately i don't have a really amazing ending and EK continued to annoy me throughout the rest of my time at that school but heres my story with EK and EM anyway.

Edit: i honestly didn't expect this to blow up so much, thank you kind redditors! Also im enjoying watching everyone roasting EK./nNo real damage done but it was still annoying. A cousin of mine recently got into Studio Ghibli films. He wanted to borrow Spirited Away and I was okay with that. His folks go to a church in my area so they agreed to swing by and grab the disk after service. 

They come in and I go to get the disk. My cousin starts asking about some of the other Ghibli films and anime mixed into my dvd collection. Then he points to Soul Eater. It’s a great show but he just turned thirteen and it wasn’t exactly age appropriate. Plus I didn’t think his parents (mainly his mother) would approve. 
They’re very religious and the show revolves around soul harvesting, the Grim Reaper, witches, and some fan service. I’m still not sure why Ghibli was okay with them (because of the spirits, witches, and demons) but I was pretty sure a show called Soul Eater would tip that Jenga tower. 

So when he asked me if he can borrow it, I said no. That “no” seemed to catch my aunt’s attention and she was by my cousin’s side in a flash. She ask why he can’t borrow it and I told her it may not be age appropriate. Then she says something along the lines of “Its a cartoon, it’s meant for children. You’re a grown woman, you shouldn’t have this anyway”. I was a little irritated but stood firm. Instead, I let the kid barrow My Neighbor Totoro as well as Spirited Away and they went home. I thought everything was good until an hour ago. 

I received a call from my screaming aunt. She accused me of trying to corrupt her son with vulgarity and satanism. I was lost at first and then she mentioned a demon and a naked cat woman being in the first episode. I checked my shelf and Soul Eater was missing. I’m not sure when she did it but she had stolen the box set.  They’re returning the movies next Sunday and Soul Eater had better be with them.  I’m hoping she doesn’t “confiscate” it like she does with other “ungodly” stuff.  That set was around fifty dollars after shipping and handling. It was like THE first anime box set I ever bought and I will go to war for it. 

Edit: Text Spacing

Second Edit: They agreed to return my DVD’s next Sunday. I’m hoping it will be uneventful but I’ll update then.

Third Edit: I’m 26 and live alone. I’m not “getting in trouble” over this. The only reason she thinks she can take my stuff is because she did it when I was a kid. 

Last Edit: I know Soul Eater isn’t technically inappropriate for a thirteen year old. My judgement was based mainly around his mother’s world view. I grew up in a similar household. When I was a kid, I was banned from watching anime after they caught me watching Bleach. I didn’t want her forbidding him from watching anime because of one series. 

[Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b7j6jh/entitled_bible_thumping_aunt_steals_anime_box_set/?st=JTWC2RB5&sh=7947fd05) /nOkay so this happened today, like an hour or so ago. A bit of pre-amble, I'm a trans-girl, just got to my family's house to visit for Easter (I rode my motor bike down) and have shortish, pretty deep purple hair.

I pulled into a non-brand specific supermarket around the corner from my family's place to pick up an energy drink, and as I got off my bike and removed my helmet I could see out of the corner of my eye this little girl (LG) by the trolley return pointing at me and generally going nuts.

I start to walk past to walk inside the store and the LG turns to her mother (our EP) sitting on a bench nearby with an old lay who must be her mother, both having a fag each (cigarette for our international readers).

LG: Mummy can I have hair like her? (I rightly assume this was about me)

EP: No [LG's name], and that's not a girl.

Old Lady: *grunts in approval*

I ignore and move in to grab my sweet taurine juice, and because it's easter weekend I'm in there for about 10 minutes or so just in a crowd. As I walk back out the family is still outside, with a lot more fags smoked.

LG: But why can't I have pretty hair? (she sounds like she's been doing this non-stop)

EP: Because I said so now shut up before I bloody clip you.

I start to walk past as the EP waves to catch my attention.

EP: Hey mate, why've you got to have hair like that for?

Me: oh, uhh because I want it?

EP: no but why like that? No man I know has a colour like that, can't you just it take it out?

Me: Well I'm not a man, so there's that much, and not without constantly washing my hair for like a couple of days.

EP: no I mean like now, can you get it out now?

I knew the education in my area was lacking but damn.

Me: look I just wanted to grab a drink and get going, let's just leave it *I turn to walk back to my bike and put my helmet back on*

EP: fine then you little faggot, go be a shit somewhere else.

Old Lady: *grunts in a way that I guess must have been a laugh*

The LG was quiet through all this, just looking between the two of us as she cuddles in to her mother. I just had enough, but I didn't want her to feel like she came out on top, so I turn around, still a bit away from them, and reach a hand into my jacket pocket.

Me: oh right yeah I'm sorry, here have this apology *pull out my hand and flip them both the bird, smiling and waving my other hand to present my apology*

After a second of silence and slack jawed looks from the pair I turn and go back to my bike and start to make way off, as in the background I hear the EP hurling abuse my way about different stuff.

Not as fantastical or karma filled as some other stories on this sub, but eh :p

Edit: thanks for the gold kind anon, didn't expect anything let alone that quick

Double edit: oho damn, thank you for the plat kind 

Triple edit: Because of how many times people have asked, the bike I ride is a Keeway RKV/nHi, I this is my first real post so sorry if I'm not doing this quite right.

I have my own entitled parent stories but this one happened to my mom when she was pregnant with me.

So back in the late nineties when Sears wasn't sad and dying,  my mother was an assistant manager. Her boss was also pregnant and this generally wasn't an issue, until it was.

Now my parents spent a long time choosing baby names when I turned out to be a girl, they really wanted my name to be gender neutral to prevent future trouble finding jobs (yes, that is the actual reason), but my middle name remained the same as when they thought I was a boy: Ryan.

When they decided on my full name, my mom told her friends about it, and one of them ended up telling the manager.

As my mother was on lunch-break this lady storms in, already red and furious, "I heard you were naming your baby Ryan."

My mother is of course, stunned. She stays silent for a few moments before finally answering, "That's her middle name, yes?"

"Your baby is a girl!" The woman exclaims, as though this is some sort of great revelation.

My mother nods.

Getting somehow redder the woman snaps, "Ryan is a boys name."

"Actually it's gender neutral." At this point, my mother's surprise is wearing off into a bit of righteous confusion. "Is there a problem with the name?"

"You can't name your baby that." The woman is practically shouting at this point, "*I'm* naming my son that!"

My mother stares at her, trying to work out what kind of mental gymnastics it takes to decide your choice of baby name should give you the authority to veto someone else's baby name. "So?"

"Change your baby's middle name or I'm going to fire you." The woman says, having drawn a crowd with this whole scene to witness the utter insanity that was her outburst. People who could act as witnesses for my mother if she attempted such a thing.

"I don't think you can do that." My mother answers flatly. She couldn't even fire my mother on some other infraction because there was no other infraction; the staff was friendly with my mother and she had brought up sales in her area by *a lot.*

The woman stops for a moment, maybe realizing that my mother was right on that point and once again demands, "Change your baby's middle name! I chose Ryan fist!"

Ah yes, calling dibs, surely my mother would have to respect a grown woman calling dibs on a very common name.

"Ryan is my maiden name." My mom answers flatly.

At this, the woman stops, still furious, sputters for a moment, and finally stomps off.

My middle name is Ryan, my mother's boss named her son Dylan instead./nThis happened a few months ago and it turned out to be longer than j thought when I typed it our. I was flying one of these cheap airlines where the seats are all crammed together so I paid extra for a seat with more legroom which also gave me free priority boarding. Usually don't care for that but when you've got is a cabin bag getting on early so I don't have to keep it under the seat is worth waiting in the plane. After being one of the first people onboard the plane is now pretty much fully boarded. Enter EM: Entitled mom and S: Son about 12 I would guess. 

I see then talking to a crew member for a while but go back to listening to my music when  I feel a tap on my shoulder so I remove my headphones. 

S: "Hey I'm flying with my mom and was wondering if you could swap seats with her so we could sit together?"

I look over to where his mom is sitting and it's a standard seat. 

Me: "No I'm sorry. "

Kid looks a bit defeated but walks away. I put my headphones in and start to relax when I hear a loud voice. 

EM: "Excuse me?!"

Me: "Yes?"

EM: "Me and my son need your seat as he is scared of flying so we need to sit together. "

Me: "I'm sorry  to hear that but i paid extra for a seat with extra legroom so i won't be switching to a standard seat. "

EP: "You're sitting next to the only open seat, you have to swap with me." 

Me, starting to get annoyed she won't take no for an answer "No I don't, and if you needed to sit together you should've paid extra to choose your seats not bet that you can switch seats later."

EP, clearly starting to get agitated: "I can't afford to pay extra for that, just because you're rich doesn't mean everyone is I'm a parent so I have to save money. Now swap seats. "

Not sure how rich I have to be to afford the 5-15€ if costs to select a seat but alright. I'm really starting to get annoyed she won't leave me alone.

Me: "I'm not going to swap with you now please leave me alone. "

EP, raising her voice even more: "The stewardess said you have to swap so we can sit together now do what she said and move. " 

I've had enough so I hit the flight crew button and the same woman they were talking to earlier comes over. 

FC: "How can I help you?" 

ME: "This lady wants to swap seats with me and she says you told-" 

I get interrupted by EM now yelling: "He won't move you told us he had to swap seats with us now make him move!"

FC, giving me a supportive look and mouths I'm sorry.  She turns to EM: "I told you this is the only open seat so if you want to sit together you could ask him if he is okay with swapping, not that you could force him to move. If he doesn't want to swap with you you will have to go take your assigned seat."

EM: "I have to sit next to my son you have to get this retard to move or sit us somewhere else or I'm going to sue you and delay this plane. "

FC: "If you had to sit next to each other you should have paid to select seats, now I've had enough of your tone and you will either stop bothering this man and go back to your seat or I will have the captain deplane you." 

EM looks like she's going to explode, she stands there for a moment before turning around and heading back to her seat mumbling something. The captain calls out the cabin crew prepare for takeoff message and I start to let go of the tension that built up. 

FC, smiling: "Is this seat taken?" 

I can't help but laugh as she sits down. 

FC: "I'm so sorry about that, when I told them to ask you I didn't think this is what would happen. "

I told her if was fine and we had a pretty nice chat during takeoff until she went back to do her job. She also gave me a free drink once service started so despite the annoying start it turned into a pretty nice flight./nFirst time starting off a thread, as I didn’t have enough karma before!

Context: I live in the centre of a town that does a yearly half marathon. The marathon route basically traps me in my building as it goes on the roads around it, which I need to cross to reach the rest of town. It has been taking place years and was here before me, so I’m not bothered by it - I just avoid leaving my building until most the runners have gone.

On this day I had an errand to run but was going out in the afternoon, so was forced to push through the crowds on the pavements to then wait and cross through the runners.

I managed to get to the shops and do what I needed to do. On my way back, it started hailing a crazy amount - huge stones that made the ground look like it had been snowed on! Spectators were sheltering underneath shop awnings, including the one above the door to my building, where a mum and her two young children were standing.

Cast: Me - mighty Elmo, EM - evil mutton 

Me: excuse me, sorry (so British), can I just quickly get through? 

EM: - looks absolutely furious - NO! Find your own spot, we’re standing here!

Fair enough - the door isn’t too obvious 

Me: no, I actually just live in this building, so I just need to get through that door

EM: I don’t think so! These are offices, I work in them! Don’t try and fool me and my girls into moving for you

They are not offices so lord knows why she’d say that. She’s still in my way.

Me: I really do live here, look, I have my key and can open this door!

EM: no! Can you just piss off and go somewhere else? 

She’s being loud so EVERYONE nearby can hear and is staring. 

Me: look, I really do just want to get into my home. Everyone is looking at us now so if I am just trying to get you out the way I don’t think they’ll put up with it, do you?

EM: fine! Remember, everyone is looking! 

She moves so I put my key in my door and, quelle surprise, it opens. I give EM a little wave as I walk through and clock a couple of onlookers stifling some laughter. After all that, EM immediately walks off with her two daughters, into the hail.

TLDR: EM blocks my entry into my block of flats, looks like a fool when I successfully open my front door.



EDITS: Wow this blew up overnight - thank you for the golds, you kind people!

There's been a lot of comments about why she lied. My building genuinely does just look like a block of offices, so my guess is she was assuming I was lying to get away from the hail, and made a quick judgement (I look very young, have pink hair, piercings and tattoos) to decide her lie was more believable than mine.

Pro-tip - if you can possibly avoid it (I know it's near impossible in busy cities), do not get an apartment in a business area of a town/city... people are dicks! This is the worst inconvenience, but we get so much staring and people looking into our foyer/lobby when we're unloading food shopping/moving big items/just leaving the building. It's annoying AF!

Update 14/06 - there seems to be a few more people finding this thread, so I thought you might be interested to know there was another similar event, that blocked my building off in an even bigger way than last time! Fortunately no EP encounters that day though!/nI recently traveled to a beach town to visit relatives. I’m there so often quite a few people think I’m a local. Both locals and and tourists are pretty good at respecting personal space and won’t sit right next to for in front/behind you. In my 20+ years of making multiple visits per year I have never had a problem with tourists...until my most recent visit. 

 I get to the beach early, like at 8:30 am, and I set up my chair and umbrella. There are maybe 5 other families already set up for the day, so there’s no one within a 100-foot radius of me. For the next hour and a half I’m blissfully enjoying an audiobook, and a handful of other people show up. The entire beach is still empty. All of a sudden I feel a tap on my shoulder, thinking it was my relatives deciding to join me. Nope. 

It was an incredibly obese, trashy-looking woman, in her late thirties/early forties, standing over me. Behind her was about 12 other people who appeared to have packed up their entire house and were lugging in through the sand. She’s EP.

EP: “Excuse me but you’re in our spot.”

Me: “What spot?”

EP: “This is our spot. My family is staying at the hotel right over there and we’ve been sitting in this spot for the last four days. You need to move.”

Me: “No I don’t. I was here first.”

EP: “I SAID THIS IS OUR SPOT! THIS WHOLE STRETCH OF BEACH IS RESERVED FOR HOTEL GUESTS ONLY!”

Me, knowing that not a single hotel reserves spots or parts of the beach for guests: “Ok, well go get someone from the hotel to move me. If you can find someone I’ll gladly move.”

EP: “WELL THERES NO ONE WORKING RIGHT NOW YOURE JUST GOING TO HAVE TO BELIEVE ME!”

Me: “There is literally miles of open beach. Pick a spot and enjoy your vacation.”

EP, both yelling at me and her family: “THIS LADY HAS JUST RUINED OUR VACATION, WE NEED TO FIND A DIFFERENT SPOT!!”

So she and the rest of the family plop their stuff down literally 10 feet to the left of me, despite the entire beach still being open. For the next hour I pretend to be asleep listening to my audiobook but instead I’m listening to EP. Every word out of her mouth is how much of a bitch I am, how it was so inconvenient that she had to carry her stuff an extra 10 feet, etc. I was overjoyed when the lifeguard kicked her and rest of the equally as trashy adults in her group off the beach for refusing to put out their cigarettes./nI'm currently a nanny for a family I've been with for about 6 months. They always pay me on time and I adore the little boy I'm taking care of so we've never really had any problems until now. 

I recently found out that I have ovairan cancer and need to have one of my ovaries removed. My conversation telling EP about my surgery went something like this-- 

EP: Did I not tell you about our family reunion? 

Me: You did, but unfortunately I won't be able to come and help becuase I'll have just had surgery. 

EP: You'll need to reschedule then. 

Me: I'm not going to do that. 

EP: We've had this planned for months, you need to be there to help. 

Me: I'm sorry but I won't be able to be there. 

EP: Are you kidding?

Me: No. 

EP: I'm not sure how much I trust leaving my child with you if you don't care enough to be there for our family when we need you. 

Me: I care about him a lot and hope I have shown that over the last few months working for you. 

EP huffed and stomped off. I'll update when they're talking to me again.


Update: Grandma just showed up and said EP called her to relieve me for the day and she'd like me to come early tomorrow to have a "family meeting".

[Family meeting update](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbndhc/update_ep_inconvenienced_by_my_cancer_diagnosis/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/nWell shit, I’m guessing you guys need background. My sister, well call her E, she got killed by a drunk driver about a month ago, and this really hurt not only because she’s my sister, but we were best friends. She always had my back and I had hers. She was 20 so she was just getting into the fun part of life, about to graduate college, everything was fucking great. 

So the funeral was hard at the start, I was a bearer which for those who don’t know, they help carry the casket. When the priest opened it up at first and let us look, that’s when I started crying, and I never stopped.
Almost halfway through, I hear the doors slam open in the back. There’s this woman and 3 kids that walk in. The woman is talking (in reality is close to screaming) into her phone. Of course after 2 minutes the kids are running around and being loud. This is getting on everyone’s nerves so my mom asks the priest to get them out.

The priest is a timid guy so of course, he couldn’t get himself to do it, so he pages someone from the looks of it. So while we wait for this family to get out, we have to stop. I was really pissed at this damn mom and I was about to murder her when my mom gets up and storms over to the bitch. She grabs her phone and slams it on the ground. The entitled bitch starts FREAKING OUT like her kid just died. She’s screaming at my mom, who is just standing there in rage. When the bitch is done, she starts screaming about how “YOU CLEARLY ARE IMPORTANT ENOUGH TO RUIN MY DAUGHTERS FUNERAL, THEN YOU CAN GET THE FUCK OUT, AND GET YOURSELF A NEW DAMN PHONE!” I was a mixture of shocked and impressed. Shocked cause I’ve never seen my mom that mad, not even in the hospital. Impressed cause she did nothing more physical then point a finger. I would’ve snapped her neck!

The bitch of course defended herself, saying that how could she know it’s a funeral. Look around bitch, why is there a casket, tears, a priest. The fucking nerve on some people to do shit like that! She started mocking my mom, getting her things, and on the way out called us horrible people, for ruining her afternoon. This enraged me. I ran after her and after I screamed out to the “entitled bastard” I started screaming the following.
“YOU FUCKING SLUT (idk why slut, I was just mad) YOUR AFTERNOON IS RUINED?!? OH NO, WHAT WILL WE DO??? WHAT WOULD WE DO WITHOUT THE POOR BASTARD HAVING A NICE AFTERNOON” 
She cuts me off and says,
“Actually YOU people ruined my afternoon” 

This killed me, and I got the most mad I’ve ever been
“YOU CAME HERE WITH YOUR DAMN KIDS AND RUINED MY FUCKING SISTER’S, KEEP IN FUCKING MIND IT’S NOT MY AUNT, ITS MY FUCKING SISTER, AND YOU FUCKING RUINED HER FUNEAL! SO YOUR DAY IS RUINED, (I mock cry) WELL GO HAVE YOUR DAMN PITY PARTY SOMEWHERE ELSE JACKASS!!”
At this point I’m out of breath and I'm death staring her
"Well, maybe if you weren't here in my space--"
I couldn't take her anymore so I punch her in the gut. It wasn't too hard, not enough to really hurt her, but enough for her to feel it.  She of course screams Bloody Mary. I turn around and walk inside as she screams the usual, I’ve been assisted, call 911 bullshit. After that I never saw her again. She probably didn’t call the cops because she knew she was in the wrong. 

In the end, we finally got my sister buried and we lived on. I definitely miss her, and I’m so proud of myself for standing up in her name. Every once in a while, I stop in my her room and I have a one way conversation with her, and it’s comforting.

This all was ridiculous I know, but I just can’t believe someone would have the guts to do that. Really slaughters my faith in humanity.
Anyways thanks for reading this, hope you realized what absolute shitbags these people are.

QUICK EDIT: Thank you guys for the support, It really means a lot to know that people still care. I really wish that I could respond to each comment but they all blew up at once, but know that im constantly reading them and loving ya'll! ^^/nThis is not my story, this is my girlfriend's story from school. Almost 10 years ago

Ep- entitled principal/parent
K- principal's kid
G- my gf
S - gf's sister

Me and my gf were talking about traumatic events in our lives. I talked about my narcissist mother and my entitled extended family and after a couple of stories she told me this story. 


Back in 7th grade my gf was helping 4th and 5th graders after school with lessons homework etc... One of them was K, he apparently was a shy kid that was really smart but wouldn't speak at the blackboard so he had a ton of problems (after hearing this story I understand why he was so shy)

Anyway in the month of may Gf's dad died because of leukemia and at  the end of may it was his funeral.

G and S were destroyed by this and were discouraged from doing these private lessons after school.

On Thursday 29th G and S told the principal that they wouldn't be coming on Friday because of the funeral. K was sitting at the computer in the same room. This is the conversation (not 100% because this happened back in 2008):

G- Ep, we came to tell you that we can't come to school because of the funeral on Friday.

Ep- That's okay. You woll still come to teach at the after school classes right?

S- We can't, me and my sister will be where dad grew up to bury him

Ep- WHAT?! Then who will teach my son for his exams?!? (In Romania you have like a small exam every 2 grades until the 8th grade)

S- your son is the smartest kid in his class. He doesn't need us, he's just shy

Ep- I DON'T CARE! YOU WON'T LEAVE SCHOOL ON FRIDAY OR I WILL KICK YOU OUT!

In that moment G snapped.

G- HOW ABOUT YOU SHUT UP AND LET US GO SEE OUR FATHER FOR THE LAST TIME BEFORE HE IS BURIED! YOU ARE THE REASON K IS SO SHY, YOU ARE CONTROLLING EVERY SINGLE MOVEMENT HE DOES!!

G then began crying and breaking down while Ep was screaming back and S was defending G and that moment when K finally stood up against his mom.

K- Mom let them go.. it's their last chance to see their father. You would do the same if it was your father!

Ep was as red as a tomato but she calmed down and let them go on Friday.

When G and S's mother heard what happened she was livid. On Monday when they came back apparently g's mom went to the principal's office and went crazy. Her mom went to the minister of education in Iași and managed to get Ep fired during summer and managed to make it so she couldn't get into education again.

After school ended in june, they immediately moved to a private school the next school year.
 
Hope you guys like this story even if it's not like the usual./nIf this doesn't fit here please direct me to a more appropriate subreddit.

Originally this was also posted in r/prorevenge and someone told me to share it here, the EP is named as A-hole.

EDIT: SWEET BEJESUS MY FIRST REDDIT AWARD AND IT'S A PLATINUM also thank you for the silver and gold awards guys

EDIT: r/prorevenge removed the original so I'm glad someone told me to post here

EDIT: A-hole is not my dad too

Some context: I was 11 when this happened and my mom was about 8ish months pregnant with my little brother, her live in boyfriend was a massive waste of DNA and usually took his frustration out on me but he thought I was at Mima’s (my grandmother) because my mom’s dietary changes while being pregnant were causing me health problems, I was over helping her with housework and had been playing games for about an hour at the time of the incident.

So A-hole had gotten home at about 8 or 9 pm and he was already in a bad mood for some reason, my mom was going to see what was going on and asked him to stop shouting because last time the neighbors came over due to the noise volume and she didn’t want to have to explain that one again honestly, I didn’t blame her, she’s pregnant, her feet hurt, and she was in the hospital for kidney stones like 3 days before this happened so she’s tired and frustrated. Apparently A-hole decided he felt the need to be mad at her and started shouting obscenities at my mother, which led to me grabbing the baseball bat I kept under my bed and sneaking closer to hear.

Well right as I got within range I saw his hand fly up and I had seen that gesture before, he was aiming to hit my pregnant mother so my first reaction was to swing that bat into his leg as hard as I could and when he went down I hit him maybe 3 or 4 more times at full force mind you, and even though I was a child I was certainly not weak and knew to aim for his knees (and wrist apparently, I nailed his left wrist at one point).

My mother called Mima, and 911, which resulted in a cop car and an ambulance. The cops asked what happened as they loaded the man into the ambulance and he tried to say I assaulted him unprompted. This was when Mima came to the rescue and interjected that one; I have never hit someone without being hit first, and two; A-hole and my mom were constantly fighting, she then said they could ask the neighbors who verified the statement.

When the cops then asked why I hit him so hard it broke at least one knee for sure I stated “He could hit me and I’d probably hide since he’s bigger than me, but he was going to hit my mom and she has a baby nearly here. I didn’t want the baby to get hurt so I hurt him first and made sure he wouldn’t do it again.” My mom agreed to press charges for assault, child endangerment, and child abuse (the cops were also informed of how he verbally, mentally, and emotionally abused me and Mima had at least one voice recording of this happening in the past).

Now I didn’t go to the court cases because I was a child and everyone agreed to not bring in the children if it was avoidable, which it was since Mima had physical proof of his abuse, but later I found out he was only allowed weekend visitation at my mom’s convenience and had to pay child support, a few years afterwards he got himself arrested for some reason and had his visitation rights revoked by the court, so yeah, don’t attack my mom and don’t fuck with my little brother, my family will ruin you.

NOTHING was more gratifying than knowing this man can no longer see his only child because he thought he could get away with being an abusive dick./nCast:
Me: some random dude in my house idk who that is
M: my mother
EM: my aunt
EK: most annoying kid in the universe

TLDR at the bottom

Some context/backstory: I still live in my parents house since my university is really close so I don't need to get myself an apartment. The story happened about a year ago. 

The story.
On a beautiful Sunday morning, I got woken up by my mother telling me that she has invited my aunt with her kids for lunch. Now to be honest, I never liked that particular aunt that much but what can you do. So about 2 hours later, the family come over. We have our lunch and afterwards we sit around in the living room and chat about. At some point I notice from the corner of my eye one of my aunts kids (EK) going to my room. Now I had my computer open and I was a bit afraid that he might do something to it, so I followed him.


Now that kid was about 8 at the time, and he should in no way be allowed to play violent video games, and me being an avid gamer, most (if not all of the games I had installed) were rated as PEGI 18 (meaning they were to be played by people over 18). The conversation went like this.


EK: do you have any games?

Me: I do but they are not for you, these are grown up games.

EK: but I want to playyyyy

Me: I'm sorry but you cannot.

At this point the kid runs out of the room and to his mom.

EK: OP does not let me play games.

EM (to me) : come on let him play some games, he has nothing else to do.

Me: the games that I have on my computer are not for his age, they are violent and disturbing at times.

EM: but my little boy wants to play. Can't you let him play?

Me: I'm sorry but these games are not for your child

EM: EXCUSE ME? We are GUESTS and you have to do what we say. Just let him play! 



At this point, I've gotten really angry, and in hindsight, I should have just opened a flash games website and let him play, but this computer was my most prized possession, having built it myself with mostly my own money, and I would not let an 8 year old play freely with it cause I was afraid that he could damage it. Also, my malicious compliant side came out at that moment, so I did not pass the chance for some good old MC. I say ok to both mom and child and take the kid with me. I open Outlast (for those who don't know, Outlast is a horror game with many disturbing images and scary scenes, especially for an 8 year old child), and let him play. Not even 5 minutes in, I hear a scream from my room and I see EK run crying to his mother.


EM: what the hell did you make him play?? What's wrong with you?

Me: I told you before, my games are not for young children, they are for adults, but you wouldn't listen


The mom straight up picked up her children (one still crying) and left the house. After I told my mom what exactly I did, she burst out laughing.


Learn to listen to people when they warn you.


TLDR: entitle kid wanted to play games that are rated adult only and his mom forces me to let him, kid leaves with nightmares after playing said games.

Edit: Huge formatting errors, and also thanks for internet points xd

Edit no. 2: I just noticed that this post got a silver, and I've never gotten one so thank you kind stranger for the Internet currency :)

Ps. I really don't get why people believe that everyone is lying here.. I know this is the Internet and you should not trust everything you see in it but for the love of God, just stop being stuck in that defensive mentality. Not everyone is a liar./nSo summer of 2017 I worked as a lifeguard at the local waterpark, at the time I was 17 and thought that it would be fun to work there. There are lots of shitty things that have happened and lots of stupid people but this one has stuck with me the most. 

We had several waterslides and a hot tub which was particularly popular due to the weather averaging in the 70°s, we had several safety/rules signs posted around the hot tub stating things like " no more than 10 minutes at a time" "no more than 30 people in the tub" no children under age 6 in the tub" etc. The last one was often the cause of parents getting upset because their child was "freezing and just wanted to warm up" we would allow children 6 and under to sit on the edge and put their feet in the hot tub but due to the county health department rules we weren't allowed to let them be in the tub completely. 

Enter EP, it was early on a Friday morning just after open (so about 10:00) and there were maybe 6 families in the park, no wait times and no small children in the kiddie pool. This lady walks up to the hot tub and starts getting in, babe in arms ( I guessed by sight this child was 2 ish) I reminded the lady of the rule but that she could place her child on the edge with feet in the water if she liked.  Shortly after I look back over at the lady and not only was her child not on the side of the tub her child was completely submerged in the water (which was another rules, you couldn't put your head under) so I rush over to her and her child to check on the child and she quickly scooped her child out of the water and placed her on the side of the pool, all well within sight. I said to her " ma'am I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask you to leave the hot tub if I see you place your child in the water again"

She snapped back at me " DONT call me ma'am I'm probably the same age as you! Anyways what's it to you it's my child and if I say it's okay then it's okay"

I responded " I'm sorry but since I don't know your name that's what I though would be appropriate to call you, as much as I would like to let you decide what temperature water is okay for your child it's part of my job to enforce the rules, and that particular on isn't even created my my employer but rather the county health department."

She scoffed then said "SURE it is" she rolled her eyes and walked towards the other side of the hot tub.
Shortly after she got out of the hot tub walked up to one of my co-workers, asked something then went to the office to speak with my boss. A few minutes later my boss came to me and said 

"A lady just complained to me that you were rude to her? Want to tell me about what happened?" So I explained that I noticed that she wasn't following our rules and had brought her toddler into the hot tub regardless of my warnings. 
My boss was totally understanding and said "yeah that's what I though, she tried to tell me that you had called her kid a little shit and you called her fat, she said she wanted you fired and free tickets to the park. I told her I'd reprimand you and we'd look into what happened. I just came over here to make it look like I was giving you a talking to" /n 

My dad's dog, Dennis, passed away around four months ago. Our family was grief stricken as we loved him deeply. Dennis was like my dad's third child, besides my step brother and I.

A few days ago, my dad and step mom adopted a puppy from the local shelter. I was ecstatic when I found out and went over to their place with lots of presents for the little guy (chew toys, balls, a puppy pen and a puppy bed). My step brother and his wife were also there with their 18 month old son. You may remember my SIL from [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/ChoosingBeggars/comments/bk6gg3/my_step_sister_in_law_wanted_me_to_leave/) post.

She saw all of the puppy's gifts and gave me a really annoyed look. I asked if she was OK. To which she replied "well, I just think it's a bit cruel to my child that you're parading all these toys in front of him and haven't even gotten anything for him."

Keep in mind that it wasn't my nephew's birthday, or any other special occasion. I reminded her of this fact and she seemed shocked and said something like, "So what? He's your nephew! Doesn't he deserve better treatment than a pet? You could've gotten a few toys for him."

So I told her "First of all, your kid is 18 months old and is incapable of realizing that the puppy has been given a few toys. And second of all, just because I'm being nice to the puppy, doesn't automatically mean that I'm treating your son badly."

Before she could reply, I just got up, said good bye to my dad, kissed the puppy and left.

I really don't think what I did was in any way disrespectful to her family, so I just don't understand her reaction./nEM blaming our tech department for a free to play game not working (PART 2)

Now for those of you that need more context, part 1 is [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/azs6wl/em_blames_us_for_a_free_to_play_game_not_working/)

But just in case - here is some context. We sold a new gaming computer to this Entitled Kid(EK) a few weeks ago. Custom built, based on what he wanted to use it for. 3 or so weeks prior to this the Entitled Mom (EM) came into the shop complaining that the computer was useless and 'broken' because it wouldn't play this specific game (It was Ghost recon online, it was during the early period of the release and was riddled with bugs - I managed to fix it then.)

This brings me to this day. 3 weeks after the initial fix. Our shop had fluctuating foot traffic, some days we have no customers some days we have too many. it was the start of the new month, everyone had their salaries paid in. This means our shop was VERY busy, we barely had enough reps to deal with customers (we only had 3 people working on any given day).

I was busy talking to a customer at the tech desk with a laptop that had a lot of issues. from mails not working to USB ports not working to even blue screens of death. In walks EM.. no EK no PC. I thought EM may have just been shopping around for new games or a keyboard or something for EK. EM walks up to the tech desk, to which i just quickly greeted with a "Hi [EM], ill be with you in a minute". EM stood there, arms crossed tapping her foot as if I was inconveniencing her by talking to a customer.

About 5 minutes after I booked in the laptop, printed the necessary work orders, EM looked at me with this "FINALLY!" look. EM then proceeded to ask me "Uhm, ive been waiting for forever. Are you going to come pick up this computer from my car or not?!". I just looked on with a confused face. EM then told me she phoned the shop, my work colleague answered, and she said that she was on her way to drop of EKs computer, AGAIN. She had apparently been parked waiting, outside our shop, in the disabled parking spot for 15 minutes. To anyone that doesnt know, we have a disabled parking right by our front door. Previous post [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/az3twv/em_he_is_feeling_sorry_for_himself_and_his/)

We we're so busy that my colleague afterwards had to apologize because we didnt have the time to look outside for a car to pickup a computer and he got too busy to inform me EM was on her way. (Customers did this often, but I do have a few more stories about stuff like this).

So on to the computer, i went outside to fetch the machine. EM annoyed again asking why the game doesn't work. After a few minutes, and an EM 'trying' to explain what her son told her, I said I can figure it out and have a look at it. She then knew to ask what the labor cost would be due to the previous event. Knowing how stingy she is I told her no more than $20. she seemed fine with this "IF" it was the games fault again this time. (THIS time? please lady. the computer is working fine, i have the SAME issues with the game at home)

After printing out papers she left. This is where the 'fun' begins... We couldn't access the account for some reason. I just remember having difficulty opening steam. At this point I just thought he forgot his details and we did the whole 'steam password reset' theme. After an hour of no results I write an email to steam support asking for help with the account.

The next day steam wrote back with something along the lines of: "This steam account has violated the terms of service and is therefore banned" - it was a lengthy email detailing why the account got banned and that it cannot be retrieved. i was shocked at this email. EK tried to add cracked steam games to the steam library, There were no actual bought games in his library and I saw the icons on the desktop for a few games that cost well over $20, and bought aim hacking software for Ghost Recon online. Knowing now why the game "Wasn't working" I called EM to ask her and EK to come to the shop so I can explain to her why the game isnt working. This didn't seem like something I could say over the phone.

I don't know exactly why his steam account itself was banned. Usually a VAC ban only affects the game you cheated in, but I think he may have even tried to crack steam to get games for free. I don't have a lot of experience with steam bans so forgive me for being a bit hazy on the details, this was around 5 years ago after all.

A while later they both entered the store (as this was a Sunday, it was a lot quieter). I had printed out the response I got from steam - I told her that EK had been using illegal software, that he also bought with HER credit card without permission, and that steam has banned his account. I handed her the printed out mail so she could confirm that I wasn't lying or making any excuses. The look in EK's face was PRICELESS. At this point he knew he ROYALLY fucked up. He screwed da pooch. His face went white. EM turned over to him to ask what this was all about and he just nodded and said 'sorry'. She was LIVID - asking how he could just use her card without her permission. how could he buy illegal software.. how he could lie to her face about all of it. At this point EK was bawling his eyes out.

This is where I started getting some respect for EM - she didn't even complain about the labor price. She in turn asked us to keep the PC in the shop for the whole week so EK could learn a lesson and clear it of all the illegal software. She was even fine with paying for the extra labor hours. (at the end we did a full new windows install as the cracks and hacks had tons of viruses included - so we spent a lot more time working on the computer)

Unfortunately in the next story EM went back to being her entitled bitchy self again. Refusing to pay $35 for 2 days of full labor for 2 tablets, her home computer and EK's gaming rig.

Edit: This blew up even more than part1 haha. Thanks to all of you for the support on this and my 2nd silver! ^^

Edit2: We've nearly reached 10k upvotes! D: Well put a dress on me and call me Ma'am, I didnt see this coming haha! Thanks to everyone that read this! I did it for you all to enjoy :)

The end to the trilogy can be found [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b1100f/em_refuses_to_pay_for_low_labor_part_3/)

My post kept getting deleted for linking youtube - the above is a repost that never really took off. I might repost this at some point if you guys want to? Hopefully most of you can find it from this link. Let me know if anyone has any problems (I am not u/[removed] haha i am still here and telling shitty stories :D )/n 

Repost from r/pettyrevenge because the original got removed for some reason.

I like Pokémon. I also like Mc Donalds. So when Mc Donalds decided to release some Legendary Pokémon Happy Meal Toys, I WAS ECSTATIC.

They offered two different Pokémon every week, so every Saturday, for about a month I would walk down to my local Mc Donalds and buy whatever Pokémon figure they had that week. I ended up with Latias, Latios, Groudon, Kyogre, Dialga and Palkia by the end of the month. Funny thing is, I only originally intended to buy Latias and Palkia because they were my favourite of the selection. I got Latias on day one, but I spent weeks trying to get a Palkia. I bought the rest of the figures each week as so not to waste a trip. And the employee started to recognise me. This is important.

The next week is when my story happens. I walk into Mc Donalds and get into the queue. Ahead of me, a woman, let's call her Karen, oh wait, actually no. Let's NOT call her Karen. Pokémon has a character called Karen and she is really sweet and inspirational. Let's call this woman Debbie. Debbie is in a screaming fit at the poor cashier she's waving an unopened Dialga figure in his face. Apparently this Dialga is from a previous Happy Meal and she was trying to get it replaced, which is why she had it before she made her order.

Debbie: WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU DON'T HAVE ANY OTHER POKÉMONS?! (the plural of Pokémon is Pokémon, lady)

Employee: We only have two this week. That one and the blue and white dragon (Latios, I'm assuming)

Debbie: I DON'T WANT THIS RETARDED HORSE OR A DRAGON! GET ME A PINK ONE!

Employee: We don't have-

Debbie: YES YOU DO! I SAW A PINK ONE ON THE TV! SO YOU SHOULD HAVE IT! I WANT TO SEE A MANAGER

Employee, firmly: Look, ma'am. The manager would only say the same thing I've said. We only have two figures this week. The pink one that you're talking about is not here because we haven't ordered it in yet! If you want any of the other figures left over from last week-

Debbie: I don't care! GO LOOK FOR ONE!

Employee sighs and starts digging around in the basket. His eyes go wide for a moment as he pulls out a Palkia figure, looking as though he didn't expect it to be in the basket. Then he notices me behind Debbie and his face turns into an 'Uh Oh' face.

Debbie notices that he's found a Palkia figure.

Debbie: There! That wasn't so hard, was it?!

He sighs and puts it into a Happy Meal box that Debbie ordered. Debbie smiles smugly and goes to sit down at her table, instead of grabbing the box and returning to her seat, she expects it to be delivered to her. Typical.

Employee goes to take my order.

Employee: I'm sorry, but that was the only Palkia we have. We haven't actually ordered more yet, so that one must have fallen in there by mistake during delivery.

Me: That's fine... I'll just come in next week.

Employee suddenly smiles as though he's thought of something.

Employee: So you want a Chicken Nugget Happy Meal?

Me: ????

Employee grabs Debbie's Happy Meal Box from the counter and hands it to me.

Me: Woah, what are you doing?

Employee: I'll just say that you ordered the same thing and that I gave you the wrong box by 'mistake.'

So I end up taking my Happy Meal box home (and the Palkia figure inside)

&#x200B;

TLDR: Employee is aware that I've come into Mc Donalds every week for a month looking for a Palkia Happy Meal Toy. Debbie is rude to him so he 'accidentally' gives me Debbie's Happy Meal and the Palkia inside it.

&#x200B;

Edit Edit: Everyone here is (rightfully) worried about what happened to Employee, so I went back to Me Donalds today to find out the aftermath. This is all I remember from a few hours ago when he told me, so the dialogue isn't 100% accurate.

Apparently, Employee saw that Debbie had a young kid with her, so he fished out a Latias (the most girly/cute Pokémon) from the toy basket and put that in the box instead.

After he delivered the box, Debbie IMMEDIATELY snatched the toy out of the box and was about to let loose a screaming session when she saw it wasn't Palkia. Debbie's kid saw the Latias and opened it immediately and looked really happy with it.

Debbie's Kid: It's so cute!!!!!!!

Debbie: WTF this isn't the pink one!

Employee: I'm sorry ma'am, but someone else ordered the same meal and I gave them your box by accident. I tried to find another pink one and that's the closest I could get.

Debbie looked like she wanted to huff again, but her kid was happy with the Latias anyway so Debbie couldn't say anything since she technically got the Pokémon that her daughter wanted./nLast year I gave haircuts just like my dad before his accident and a little fun fact, I am a male and pink is my favorite color so fuck that parent.
                   
 *story is below*

On this day the barber shop wasn't very busy. We had only gave cuts to about 4 people. The other barber went home after nobody came for an hour, which was irresponsible but I can't blame him. Then the next person walks. It's a woman with her son. The son looked about 14/15 and the mother looked like the 40 range. They walk in and I give the boy a haircut. At the end of the cut the boy ask for a little bit of pink dye in the front of his hair (the mom wasn't watching she was on her phone) so I did what he asked then we were finished and I told the woman the total and she looks at her son and says

EM: "What the hell is that? Why is pink in my sons hair?"

Boy: "Mo-"

EM: "What the fuck is you're problem. You aren't getting paid for ruining my sons hair." 

Me: "I'm sorry ma'am but-"

Boy: "I asked for it."

Entitled mom looks at the boy and you could tell that she was livid. I knew something was about to go down but I have to say I really appreciate that boy sticking up for me because I expected he'd say nothing and normally I don't know what to say in the situation so brownie points to him.

EM: "WHY? PINK IS FOR GIRLS NOT BOYS!!"

Entitled mom is shouting now. Basically is what I expected. I mean what else could she do?

Boy: "YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SICK OF YOUR SHIT MOM. YOU LITERALLY DON'T RESPECT ANYTHING I DO! IF I HANG OUT WITH THE DISABLED AT SCHOOL YOU WILL FORCE ME TO HANG AROUND WITH THE PEOPLE WHO PICK ON THEM AND WHEN MY GIRLFRIEND BOUGHT ME A SHIRT WITH A PINK HEART ON IT YOU THROW IT IN THE GARBAGE. AND YOU ARE SO FUCKING LAZY. YOU MAKE ME AND DAD DO EVERYTHING AROUND THE HOUSE. FUCK YOU MOM!"

The boy bolted out of the shop and the mother left to chase him. I didn't get my money but I wasn't really focused on that, I was focused on what the fuck just happened. The boy returned a few minutes later he came back and yeeted 20$ in the shop he didn't even step inside he opened the door and threw it. I think his crazy mom was chasing him still. I felt bad for the kid. I never saw them again and I don't work at the barbershop anymore.

Wow, this post blew up! Thanks for the gold u/DreadArmada44 and platinum /u/Mimirs-Pool!
also i'm on mobile

a YouTuber named bumfris read my story holy moly./nAs with many folks, I didn't think I had anything to contribute here, but when I actually read the sign on our front door for the first time in a few months, I remembered a good one. 

My wife and I moved to Mississippi after getting married. She's a native and I'm from out of state -- we met online and had the wedding in my hometown. She had a full ride and assistantship at Mississippi State, so it didn't make sense to have her give that up. We were fortunate in that her grandfather had an extra property he wasn't using, and he lets us stay there rent free. It's a crap shack in the middle of the woods that was built by an idiot who has no business playing with Legos, much less building an actual structure, but hey. It's free. I can only complain so much. 

My wife's schedule varies greatly by the day, which saw her alone at the house while I was working when the entitled mother showed up. 

EM: Entitled Mother

W: Wife 

GIL: Grandfather in Law

So my wife is hanging out in the living room, doing some work before she has to leave for class, when she hears someone drive up. Our house is really out of the way, so we don't get guests. She was going to get her handgun when she sees a slightly older lady walk by the window. Not seeing a threat, she went and answered the door when the knock came.

W: Can I help you?

EM: Yes, I wanted to talk about renting this place for my daughter. 

W: Oh, sorry, but me and my husband are living here. 

EM: Well, my daughter is in college and needs a place to stay.

W: ... Well, that's great and all, but like I said, I live here. 

EM: I was hoping to talk to GIL?

W: (Getting irritated) No, the house isn't for--

EM: I know him personally, you see, and I wanted to talk to him about renting. 

W: I don't care if you know him, your daughter can't stay here. My husband and I live here, what aren't you getting about that?

EM: Young lady, I'm sure GIL won't appreciate that you're talking to me like this!

W: I'm sure my *grandfather* won't give a damn that I told you your daughter is going to have to find another place to live!

EM looks shocked at the mention that GIL is actually my wife's grandfather and she wasn't some random squatter living in his house. She huffs, turns on her heel, and goes back to her car. My wife goes back inside and uses a sturdy note card to create a sign that is taped to our door to this day:

*We are not and WILL NOT be renting.*

-Management

Edit: Getting a lot of questions about why my wife went to grab her gun. We live in a very isolated area outside a small, poor town. You have to go out of your way to get to our house, and the only people who visit us are our in laws. They do so very rarely and always call before coming. Someone driving up to our house is suspicious for these reasons. We're not preparing to take shots at the first sign of movement, we're just being prepared in case the worst comes about./nA little background on this story.

First, I have a fairly decent car for it being so old (16 year old Dodge Neon SE) and I have zero interest in getting anything different since it's reliable, still gets great gas mileage, is completely paid off and handles great. It's blue with a massive rust spot on the rear passenger side just above the gas tank, but I don't care. (It gives the car character, you know?)

Second, this story takes place in Michigan, where as anyone who lives here or has driven through here knows, the roads here SUCK. Potholes, uneven streets and jagged pavement on every stretch of road you'll ever drive down. Getting a flat tire at least once in your life while living here is both a guarantee and a rite of passage.

The flat tire detail is relevant.

EP = Entitled Parent/Entitled Psycho, EB = Entitled Brat/Entitled Bitch, DO = Dealership Owner and ME = Me

I was driving through town after my shift at work and had to take a really shitty street because that's all I had available to me. I do my best to avoid potholes, but I end up striking a few anyway and low and behold my rear driver's side tire takes a hit. I can feel that something's wrong with the tire so I pull off the road into the nearest opened drive I could find.

Turns out I picked a used car lot and had plenty of room to inspect the damage. When I step out of the car to look at the tire another car pulls into the lot behind me and proceeds to park on the other side. I noticed that the tire was low, but not flat, because fortunately that pothole only loosened the seal on the stem valve and I could fix it with the can of 'fix-a-flat' that I kept in my trunk.

While I'm fussing with my tire the Dealership Owner comes out to greet me, most likely assuming I'm there to either trade in my car or shop around, when he sees my tire is low. He insists I (SLOWLY) pull my car further away from the side of the road and up toward the front of the dealership building out of safety concerns. I agree and move my car where instructed.

Turns out I was being watched by a dreaded EP and her demonic spawn.

Not long after I get my car moved up the DO is lending me a hand and helping with my tire, making sure the valve was secured and that the pressure was stable.  I thanked him for his help and proceeded to sit back down in my car. As I put the key in the ignition I hear something bang against my window and look up to see a woman, the stereotypical 'Karen', trying to get my attention.

I roll my window down to see what she wants.  (My bad...)

ME: "Yeah? What's up?"

EP: "Are you through yet?"

ME: "Am I... what?"

EP: "THROUGH. Are your through because my daughter's been waiting long enough!"

I look past her and see her sixteen year old daughter dressed in a dark mini-skirt, white tank top (that showed everything) and four inch heels. (This is February BTW) She was also wearing so much cheap make-up you'd think she was auditioning for a role as "The Joker".

ME: "Waiting for what?"

EP: "Don't act cute! She needs her turn, you've taken up enough of our time."

ME: "What're you talking about?"

EP: "Are you stupid? Your test drive is over, now it's EB's turn!"

The EB is standing behind her EP with her arms crossed over her chest and giving me a smug "Wow, are all you 'commoners' so stupid?" type of grin on her arrogant face.

ME: "Oh." (I figure it out quick and try to diffuse the situation) "I wasn't on a test drive, I own-"

EP: "I said get out!"

ME: "This is MY car."

EP: "No it's not! I just saw you pull back into the lot, we were behind you the whole time so don't try to lie to me!"

ME: "I wasn't-"

EP: "You didn't even go inside the building to sign the papers, so I KNOW you're lying to me! You didn't buy this car, you're just being a stubborn little bitch."

ME: "No, this is MY car. I have the regis-"

EP: "What the fuck is wrong with you? Get out NOW."

ME: "No! This is my car!"

EP: "No it's not! My daughter wants it and I'm going to buy it for her RIGHT now." She tried to pull open my door, but thankfully I locked it when I got inside. "Give me the key!"

Before I had the chance to say anything else she reached through my window and made a grab for the key in the ignition. (the key that was on a keyring with my apartment key and four other keychains, so clearly not the dealship's key) When she tried to pull it out I grabbed her arm and pushed her back.

ME: "Get away!"

EP: "You little bitch! You just assaulted me!"

I quickly roll up my window and I'm ready to turn over the engine and drive off when I see the DO returning.

DO: "Ma'am, what's going on?"

EP: "This little whore just assaulted me! Call the police, she attacked me because I told her to let my daughter have a test drive and now she's trying to steal the car!"

The DO looks at me, looks at my worn out, dirty car with the faded bumper sticker on the trunk, and gives the woman the classic "Are you serious right now?" stare.

DO: "Ma'am, this car isn't for sale. This is HER car."

EP: "No it's not! Until she signs the paper it's NOT hers and my daughter wants to drive it! She just got her license and I promised her I'd get her a blue car, this is the only blue car in the lot!"

(It was not, there was another blue car parked behind her, and yes, her sixteen year old daughter who just got her license was going to test drive a car in heels. Double WTF?)

DO: "Ma'am, this car isn't mine to sell. It ALREADY belongs to her."

EP: "No it doesn't! I SAW her drive the car onto the lot and I SAW you telling her to pull up to the building! Stop trying to lie to me!"

DO: "She had a low tire, she pulled off-"

EP: "Why won't you let my daughter have her turn? She deserves her turn! Is it because my daughter isn't all slutted up like this whore?"

Note what the daughter was wearing, and I'm wearing blue jeans, tennis shoes, a baggy shirt with Kirby (Nintendo) on it and a green jacket over top. The only skin visible is on my hands, neck and face.

DO: "Ma'am, stop. I'm going to have to ask you to leave."

EP: "No! My daughter NEEDS this car! I promised her and all you're doing is wasting my time!"

DO: "I'm asking you nicely to leave before I call the cops."

EP: "You do that and I'm telling the cops that this bitch assaulted me, pushed my daughter and that you're selling stolen cars! Now, give my daughter this car right now or else!"

(She actually said "or else" like a damn cartoon villain)

DO: "Ma'am. Leave."

EP: "This is ridiculous!" She pulled her phone from her purse and proceeded to call the cops herself. "You're going to regret being so disrespectful to me! All you had to do was sell me this car, but NO, you decided this whore was better than my daughter! My daughter deserves this car!"

I know I'm not in the wrong but I'm still nervous. I look at the DO through the windshield and he gives me a look that says everything will be fine, watch this.

About five minutes later a patrol car pulls up and the officer approaches the DO. Before he even has the chance to ask any questions the EP starts shrieking at him at full volume.

EP: "I want that bitch arrested! She assaulted me, and my daughter and she's trying to steal my daughter's car!"

The cop is unfazed and just looks at me, then over to the DO without blinking.

Cop: "Hey, (DO's first name), is this true?"

DO: "Not a word of it. And if you want you can check the lot's security cameras, (Cop's first name)".

The EP is fuming and the EB is just rolling her eyes like we were boring her or some shit.

EP: "Why don't you believe me!?  You're not seriously going to take her word over mine, just LOOK at her!"

Cop: "Ma'am, I need to get both sides of the story. Now, you said she tried to steal-"

EP: "YES. That's MY daughter's car!"

Cop: "Alright, fine. That's easy enough to prove."

The cop walked over to the passenger's side of the door, on the opposite side from where the EP was still seething, and motioned for me to open the door. I did and he of course asked for my I.D., my registration and my proof of insurance.

It didn't take the cop long to notice my name on the license and the name on the registration (which was also dated from almost two years ago) are a match. He just nods, hands me back my stuff and closes the door.

Cop: "Ma'am, that's her car."

EP: "Not possible! She just got her, she couldn't have signed the papers! Why are you all against my daughter? She NEEDS a car!"

Cop: "Ma'am, you do realize it's a crime to try to file a false police report. This car isn't stolen and I seriously doubt she assaulted you. I'm going to look at the cameras, and if I find that you're lying to me-"

EP grabbed EB's arm and pulled her along.

EP: "Fuck this place! All these cars are pieces of shit anyway! My daughter deserves BETTER than anything that slut would ever drive!"

The cop sticks around until the EP leaves, apologizes to me for the disturbance and wishes me a good day. Before he left he said bye to the DO, again calling him by his first name and was on his way.

DO: "Don't worry about her, I don't think she'll be back. And if she does show up again my brother (the cop) will back too."

After slipping me a business card, joking that if I ever needed another car in the near future, he'd ensure that no crazy people were hiding in the trunk.

I thanked the man for coming to my rescue, drove off, and I've been trying to figure out why my old car was so important to the EP ever since.

Seriously, it's not that great of a car; old, losing it's pep and needing some TLC. But I still love my 'blue-bastard!'

Edit:  Fixed a few typo-o's.

Edit 2:  Four silver AND gold!  That's awesome!  Thank you so much!!  I appreciate all the positive comments coming why reminding me that while the world is full of 'Karens' there are also a lot of kind, understanding people out there, too!  Don't lose faith humanity just yet!  <3

Edit 3:  PLATINUM.  This is incredible, THANK YOU!!/nLet me preface this by saying, this happened a very long time ago, and while I could come to a reasonable approximation of the dialogue that surrounded this, I won't bother.  I don't recall everything that was said, just some of the circumstances.

Ok, first off, I am a model railroader.  Specifically, I model in O scale.  For reference, that means that the average locomotive is about three to four inches tall, and up to a foot long. (depending on type that is.)

One summer, I was taking part in a model railroad fair at our local mall, where I was displaying some of my models.  Being that I'm from the US, the fact that I modeled the British Isles (GWR for you Brit readers) meant that my display really stood out.  Now, as there's always kids at these types of shows, I had taken to putting a plexiglass side around my layout to prevent children from reaching in and touching things; or damaging various parts of the structures, and models that went with the railroad.

While I was watching one locomotive I had just received leave the staging area (it's a small three track system that lets me funnel trains into the layout and then out as needed) I remembered this one lady making comments about the 'cute little trains'.  Getting that train running at a nice but slow pace, I approached her and smiled, asking if there's any questions she had.

The lady never missed a beat, pointing to the train I had just started, and told me that her son liked trains, and I should sell her one for him.  Now, truth be known, this wasn't an uncommon thing to have happen.  People (usually other modelers) may ask if some units are up for sale.  Sometimes, they are, but typically not.  I explained to her that the locomotive wasn't for sale, and that even if it was, she wouldn't have liked the price anyway; noting that the engine she was pointing to had cost me close to a thousand dollars.

The lady was having none of it, and offered me ten dollars for it, since it was *obviously* a toy.  I ignored her and went back to getting the next train set up on the staging track, waiting for that one to return.  As I do this, I hear an odd sound and look up just in time to see the lady picking the locomotive up off the track and moving to hand it to her kid.  I called out for her to stop, which may have been a mistake, as she promptly dropped it on the ground.  The engine, though somewhat robust and heavy, was made of rather soft brass.  When it hit the ground, there was a sickening crunch.  I knew from the sound that the engine was done for.  Broken beyond repair.

The lady just looked down at it, shrugged, and kicked it back under the table before starting to walk off.  Thankfully, security quickly caught up with her and detained her, while police were called.  All the while she kept saying 'it's just a toy, men don't play with toys', while ignoring the fact she was surrounded by dozens of train layouts, with just as many grown men showing off their work.

Police arrested her on destruction of private property charges, while the mall itself barred her from ever setting foot on their property again.  Later, with her information on hand from the police report, I filed a case against her for the replacement of the locomotive.  

You won't believe it, but she had the gall to try to convince the judge that it was just a toy, and the receipts I had for purchase of the locomotive weren't real.  Saying that she had seen the exact same locomotive at Wal-Mart herself.  Well, the case ended up in my favor, with her having to pay me replacement costs, as well as some punitive damages.  The judge ended the case with the simple warning that 'Just because you want something, doesn't give you the right to simply take it.'  From the criminal side of things, I think the lady ended up with forty or so hours of community service, and a substantial fine as well.

Here's hoping she learned her lesson./n(this is a reupload because my first one got taken down due to my reddit account being fairly new)

I take a while to get to the EP story in this, but the backstory is important.

I met my best friend (We’ll call her Janice) on the second day of band class in middle school. We were assigned rotating seats for the first week to allow us to get to know all the other students in the class and Janice and I were assigned the first two seats in the back row. This allowed us to get away with more tomfoolery than would normally be allowed.

We immediately hit it off and our friendship was only strengthened by our mutual love for playing the trumpet.

Let me preface this by saying that Janice was just an incredible person, she was one of those people that even though she had a rough childhood and she was often living day to day not knowing where her next meal was coming from, she never bated an eye and still put other people before herself.

I put the pieces together one day when she came in to class in dirty clothes and you could tell that she hadn’t bathed in a while. I told my mother about it and she decided to open our home to her whenever she wanted to come by. Even though we had no problem with her staying she rarely ate meals with because she felt shameful for having to rely on my family for those things. After a while her mother was arrested for a reason that I to this day have not been made aware of, and she was placed in a foster program. I tried to convince my mother to adopt her into the family but due to a recent divorce and a hit the economy took my single mother couldn’t sustain another person in the household. Eventually a suitable foster parent was found for her and everything seemed to be looking up. Oh, did I forget to mention that her foster family was completely loaded, and I mean LOOOADED, you would never know by the way they acted or lived but her foster mother developed a software company and sold it to a larger company for a ridiculous amount of money.

That out of the way, it was now the end of seventh grade year, and we were having our first major tryout to receive our placement in the advanced (8th grade) band. We both realized our passion for playing the instrument and music that spring as we practiced for hours on end nearly every day together and both achieved the top scores in the section earning her the First chair position and me the Second chair. We were enthralled and invigorated even more with this passion for music.

We continued our rigorous practice routine throughout the summer and Janice’s foster parents payed for the two of us to have private lessons from the Trumpet professor at the university in the nearby city. With this training we auditioned for the middle school version of all east and once again both got the first two chairs. At this point both of our families began to invest in us by helping us purchase professional instruments for ourselves. My mother and I split the cost of a professional line Yamaha horn, by this point I had saved up about $1000 from previous birthdays/holidays and the other $1500 was split between my mother and grandparents as a gift. Janice did the same but had saved up $1500 over the past several years that she had planned on using for college, but I convinced her that investing it in herself could ultimately end up paying more in the end in scholarships. She eventually got on board and talked with her parents about the Trumpet that she wanted to buy within her price range. They reached out to me and told me that they wanted to surprise her with a much better trumpet than she was expecting. I let them know where to look and with some clever work from my side and theirs we gathered all the information that we needed, and they put in the order. A few months later I got a phone call from her, at first I was scared because she was sobbing directly into the phone and I couldn’t understand her, eventually she clamed down enough to tell me that her new trumpet had come in but it wasn’t the one that she was expecting and that I needed to come over right now. I thought I knew what I was going to see when I walked in but to my utter surprise it was nothing like I had expected. When I gave her parents the details and specs of her ideal trumpet I figured that they were going to find one that was very similar in spec and get it for her but they actually got her a completely custom trumpet to the exact spec that she had wanted and had it plated in a beautiful brushed silver finish with lapis inlayed in the valve finger buttons. It was beyond gorgeous and played like a dream.

Here’s where all hell breaks loose and one of the most unfortunate series of events unfolds.

A few years down the road and we are both auditioning for the high school version of all-east for our state as freshman. If we place in the top section in the top band, we get an invite to audition for All-State which is a huge honor to be a part of.

I remember standing outside of the door waiting for Janice to get out of her audition when I was approached by another trumpet player standing in line followed closely by EP (Entitled Parents). “Your friend has a very beautiful trumpet” said the kid. “Do you think she would let me play a few notes on it when she is finished?” I already knew the answer as she frequently got asked this at these types of events. “I’m sorry but she doesn’t let other people play it because it was a gift to her, and she doesn’t want to risk getting it damaged.” I saw the dismay in his eyes and the disbelief in his parent’s, so I quickly remedied the situation. “She would definitely let you have a good look at it though. We love talking to other people who are interested in different types of trumpets.” This seemed to diffuse the situation and we met with him afterwards and had a quite pleasant experience because he was very knowledgeable on the subject and so were we.

We got the results for he auditions a few days later and I was incredibly surprised as I got second chair and Janice got fourth. This was incredibly unusual as she was clearly the better player of the two of us but I thought nothing of it. We both qualified for all-state auditions and that is all that mattered.

A week passes and we are on our way to the all-state auditions. my parents drove separate and I rode with Janice, she went into kindergarten a year late and had a late birthday, thus had her license as a freshman. We arrive and meet the same kid and EPs in the parking lot. We have a slightly more awkward encounter but again I think nothing of it and just blame it on the nerves. We go into the auditions and both do wonderful. That night we get the call and they told us that she got first chair and I got third. That was an incredible moment and that night we stayed up on the phone planning our future as performing artists that would travel the globe and wow people with our wonderful trumpet playing. The next morning, we hurried over to the practice hall to get an early warmup. The rehearsal went astoundingly well, and Janice had one the most beautiful solos I had ever heard in a ballad type piece we played. The next morning during practice we had a lunch break and while Janice was getting out of her seat, she tripped on a bottle of valve oil and landed trumpet first into the ground. I immediately rushed over to make sure she was okay, but she had hit her head on the side of a stand and put a serious dent in the bell of her trumpet. She began to fall apart because she felt she had let her (foster)parents down by damaging the gift that they had given her. She sprung up after a few seconds and the shock began to settle, she asked if I could hold on to the trumpet while she went to the bathroom to clean out the cut she got from the stand.

A few hours passed and I hadn’t heard anything from her, I continued to call her number but got nothing. I began to worry when I got a phone call from my parents, I could hear sirens in the background and my mother was crying. She told me to meet them out front and that they would pick me up and take me back to the hotel. I felt sick in my stomach and had an overwhelming feeling of dread. I continued to look for Janice while waiting on my parents. I wanted to let her know what was going on and talk to her about what had happened as she was clearly upset. As my parents pulled into the parking lot I got into the car and they drove to a spot near the back and turned the car off. I asked what was going on and my mom explained to me that Janice was driving back to the hotel and ran a red light. She was t-boned by a truck and was killed in the crash…

I had no words…I still have no words. I just sat there clutching the scratched and dented trumpet in my arms with tears rolling down my face. It hadn’t set in yet, I couldn’t believe it. I remember it vividly as it seemed that subconsciously I was processing the news but emotionally I wasn't allowing myself to. My tears were not accompanied by anything no emotion just a feeling of void. I even lashed out at my parents accusing them of a cruel joke, but it was true. My best friend whom I considered my sister was gone just like that. No goodbye…nothing…that was it.

Two weeks came and went, and the postponed all-state concert was approaching. We had a ceremony at the first practice for her but by this point I had attempted to numb myself to avoid dealing with the loss, so I didn’t participate.

I brought her Trumpet with me to practice one day because for some reason it brought me comfort to have it near. It was set up on its stand next to me when I was once again approached by EP. She asked me what happened to the trumpet to which I replied, “She tripped while she was carrying it and dinged it up really bad.”

She then asked me politely if her son could play it now that it was damaged.

“No, She trusted me with it and I have to keep it safe.” I replied.

“Oh come on”.” She fired back. “Just for one song.”

“I’m sorry but I can’t do that” I said, slightly agitated at this point.

“ARE YOU SERIOUS?” She started yelling now. “ALL MY SON WANTS TO DO IS TO PLAY YOUR STUPID FRIEND’S BEAT UP TRUMPET AND YOU WONT EVEN LET HIM TOUCH IT! HE GOT TO HOLD IT BEFORE WHY CAN’T HE PLAY IT NOW?” I was taken aback by this whole scenario and just stood there with my mouth agape. But she continued. “CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS” addressing the few kids left in the room. ”THIS BOY THINKS THAT HE IS SO MUCH BETTER THAN MY SON THAT HE WONT EVEN LET HIM USE HIS DEAD *GIRLFRIEND’S* TRUMPET.” At this point I am fuming. I start to retort but I don’t get far before I get too choked up to keep talking. “WHY ON EARTH DO YOU NEED TO KEEP IT SAFE ANYWAY, ITS NOT LIKE SHE IS GOING TO NEED IT ANYTIME SOON. THE LEAST YOU CAN DO IS MAKE MY SON HAPPY BY GIVING HIM HER TRUMPET, HE CAN PLAY IT BETTER THAN SHE COULD ANYWAY.” My emotional barriers that I had put up to control my feelings at that time were completely overwhelmed and began to sob. She reached over me and attempted to grab the trumpet when the director walked back in the room and saw what was going on. He hurried over to where we were, but EP scurried out of the building before he could get to her. He immediately called the police.

By this point the emotional dam I had built had busted and all I could do to comfort me was to keep her trumpet in my lap as I wailed and sobbed. I had a full breakdown and didn’t stop for nearly an hour after my parents came and got me. The concert was canceled, and EP and child were never allowed to participate in all-state performances again and I received no conformation of this but I have been told that he was kicked out of his high school band program. We were encouraged to press charges against her, but I refused because I didn’t want any more emotional weight at the time and figured that it was some sort of moral high road. Looking back I almost wish I had pressed charges. Anyone who would have the audacity to do something like that ,to a child mind you, needed some serious help and I think that would have been a good wakeup call.

To end on a more positive note I have continued to pursue our passion and perform music across the country and since that day I have performed every gig/concert/etc on her trumpet exactly how she left it. It still gives me comfort to have it near, its as if a bit of her is still with me when I have it.

I hope you enjoyed this marvelous story from my childhood. I apologize for the length, but I felt that the full context of the story was needed. And I feel that it is important to address that this happened a long time ago and my memory may have lost a little on the details but I tried to keep it to what was most solid in my memory. I appreciate the read and hope everyone of you is doing well./nOriginally posted this on r/choosingbeggars and was advised that people would probably like it here as well. So have a seat and share in my misery/hilarity/fury. CB stands for Choosing Beggar, naturally. 

&#x200B;

I had this rather amazing run-in with a choosing beggar last week, and boy was it entertaining/infuriating.

I'm renting a one-story house with a private swimming pool with my wife. The house is part of a small "neighborhood" of six houses in total, two of which are slightly bigger than the others and have a private pool each. Those two are a fair bit more expensive for obvious reasons.

Last week someone knocks on the door and I go to open it. Outside is a smiling woman with two kids.

CB: Hello, I'm Fuckface from next door, we thought we'd use the pool.

Me (confused as hell and a bit stunned): Oh you did, did you?

I now also notice that they're all carrying towels and have swimming suits on.

Me: I don't really like lending it out, I'm afraid, so I think I'll have to say no.

CB: Oh, but the rent gives me access to the pool when I want (said in a very smug way, as if she's calling me an idiot).

Me: You're not paying the rent for my house, and I know \*owner\* doesn't include use of the pool in the contract (I know this because he's a close friend of my wife and I happen to be the one who wrote the contract, as well as having translated the guy's ads for Facebook and such).

CB: Well it's in the lease, so you don't really have any choice, do you?

At this point I just ask my wife to call up the owner, and he confirms that he hasn't said anything about her being allowed to use the pool and that the contract doesn't mention it.

I tell her this, but since she has kids I tell her that I'll allow her to come over to use the pool perhaps once a month, as long as she gives me one weeks notice or so. This is not good enough for Fuckface, who demands immediate access to the pool as well as future use whenever she feels like it.

This of course results in me withdrawing my kind offer, and her stomping away screaming about getting me kicked out. Later, the owner shows up (having heard her screaming through the phone) and warns her sternly that SHE will be kicked out if she makes any more trouble.

I don't think she'll be staying here for long./n

Just UPDATED 7/7/2019                  TL-DR at the bottom

THE WHOLE STORY

Have been thinking about writing this for a while, but since the most stupid discussion I’ve ever had happen, happen tonight I’ve just got to get this out! So quick back story, I married my current wife, EP and she had 3 kids prior to us meeting, EK1 (step son 13) EK2 (step son 12) and EK3 (step daughter 10) we have two kids together who as of writing this aren’t entitled brats, for how young they are, they’re quite good. A few years ago EK1 decided to make up stories about me to his teachers saying I’ve been abusing him and his siblings, child services did a thorough investigation and found it to be all made up and ever since I have kept my distance from any parental roles. I have to admit, I find their entitlement incredibly annoying and loose my temper from time to time, most of the time though I just walk away. Also - don’t know how relevant, but their bio dad (ED) has been out of the picture until 2 years ago and has since won enough custody and refuses to work so we have to pay him child support, even though the kids are with us more than half the time.

Here is the story from today - 

Due to how our routines work, it is up to me to get the little kids ready each morning, I also take them to their respective school and daycare, however all 3 EK are expected to get themselves ready and catch their buses. EK1 always leaves to go to his grandparents because he gets to make a lunch consisting of nothing but sugar, EK2 usually follows but didn’t this morning. Instead thought it was a great idea to just stuff about. I don’t prompt them or tell them what to do because as their EM says “you can’t force them, they have to want to do the right thing”. So I am going about my business not really paying attention to them. Then out of the blue EK2 starts yelling at me “you retard, you should of told me how late it was, now I’m going to miss my bus, this is all your fault you idiot, you suck!” This tirade goes on for a while. I ignore it but in my head I’m getting angrier and angrier, I call his grandmother and tell her to take him to school as she works there. I call and let EM what happened and this is the text I got 

“Sorry EK2 got cross at you this morning. I just think you need to let it go. We know when he is stressed he doesn’t deal with things properly. Perhaps I talk to him about it later when he is calm. 
Anyway.... no one needs the stress” 

I read it and don’t say anything.

So come later in the day - I’m not happy at all, over cleaning up and doing everything for the EKs and EM notices and gets cross with me for being distant about it all. This is what happened.

EM: you need to let it go

Me: but it’s happening all the time, why don’t you do something about it?

EM: because they need to choose to do the right thing

Me: what?

EM: what are you going to do about it?

Me; well I’ll leave if it doesn’t stop.

EM: I’m not stopping you, it isn’t fair everyone keeps telling me what to do with my kids

Me: well doing nothing about their bad behaviour is a bad parent move

EM: no, it isn’t as I know they will do the right thing. You just need to let it go!

Me: so you’re telling me that I have to make a change and allow them to keep treating me like crap?
EM: yes, they are just baby’s

Me: so we can’t even meet in the middle

EM: if you could meet all the expectations then maybe you would have an argument for that. I need to know what you plan to do.

Me: ok, alright

EM: I have to go, I’m sick of being judged by everyone because I don’t do what people think I should do. 

She just left. I’m sitting in the bathroom thinking, I don’t feel anything anymore, I just feel numb from it. I’m probably in the wrong knowing how apparently perceive things.

I’ll update when there is more.

Update 1 -

So after I wrote this I decided to call my parents and actually seek advice from them as they both have experience in this from what I learnt in the conversation (I’m the youngest of 8 in a blended family but never grew up with any of my older siblings) they also live 2000km away from me. 

My dad gave me some great advice - use one of my audio recorders (former radio announcer and have a lot of gear from those days) whenever I interact with the EKs and gather a cache of evidence, in a couple weeks sit down EM with a third party as a mediator and go through the evidence with her and in very black and white terms ask what she’s going to do, and give the ultimatum then and there - if she says no - walk. In the mean time I’ll be gathering my resources to prepare for the worst. 

I would also like to point out as a couple of you say they “believe” the EK1 about me being abusive, even EM knows I don’t (my anger is usually in the form of stomping off muttering or yelling “shut up). Here is a quick story - the way our house is designed, the kids rooms are at one end and our shared office space is at the exact opposite - I was in the office with EM working on something. EK1 didn’t know I was in there and started throwing himself against the door and yelling “stop hitting me OP!” I looked at EM and both of us recorded it on our phones. What EK1 wanted to do was get me out because at that time I was enforcing a chore chart.

UPDATE 2 -

So before I add to the story, I have to say I am so appreciative of all of those who have reached out! You all have been able to help me see what I have to do.

So, today EM and me had another blue, all over me standing up for the boundaries I have put in to protect myself. Spent about an hour of her justifying to me that her kids can say what ever to me and that I am “lucky” to not have to discipline them because I get to (forced to) take them places to do what ever they want.  I essentially said I’m over this shit. EM then got angry with me for having a verbal discussion in private with her in our own home about it all because she can’t put her thoughts together properly. Me trying to make sure I haven’t missed anything said that maybe we need marriage counselling - EMs response was “if you think counselling is needed, you go by yourself and fix you”. Seriously guys, I know my rose tinted glasses have splintered now, all I see is an entitled, spoilt person that shares my last name and is raising my kids! Will be seeing a lawyer this week and organising my physical needs. Will keep you updated.

UPDATE 3 - 

So EM just called me to tell me she needs to add me to a large lone ASAP, I feel like this is forcing my hand. So I have drafted a letter. What do you think?


EM,

I don’t know where to start. Life has been weird for a long time now. You said you needed me to make a decision and so I am here now with one - I think we need to seperate. I’m not happy in this marriage. I know you’re not either. I am struggling to see any possible way out of us being miserable. We disagree on too many things and can not communicate. I am not going to sit here and type out what who is doing what wrong, I honestly think we are not well matched anymore and I should of seen the signs pointing to that earlier. I am grateful for the two boys you have help raise with me and I want to never stop co parenting them with you. I just can’t be in a house anymore where I don’t feel comfortable or happy. I know I can be closed off, I know I can be stand offish, but whenever I have brought up a feeling or concern, I never would feel accepted or understood. I know this is because we are very different people. I want to work with you on providing For my boys with everything they need and I want to still be apart of their life. I am not like your ex and won’t put you through what he has done because I know both of us can be fair. I am sorry that it has come to this but I am not happy at all. I can’t continue to live like this and be a suitable father for the boys. They deserve the best me. 

Again I am sorry for this,

I’m only trying to do what is best

UPDATE 4 - 

So I have made a plan, I am going to talk to EM on Tuesday, I have made a budget and know where I sit for the moment. Applying for homes to rent that are suitable for me and the two little ones, she came back home from a weekend away tonight and she has just been wandering the house being grumpy as she says “frustrated”. Wish me luck! 


TL-DR

My wife (EM) allows step kids (EK) to treat me like crap, recent case of EK2 missing bus to school and blamed me for not telling him to stop being lazy and hey ready, talked to EM about it and her response was “they need to choose to be good, not told” 

My apologies if I stuffed up the TLDR, not that experienced at all this,

Also thank you kind stranger for the gold :) thanks also to those reaching out, you guys are the best!/nHere's some comebacks to regular EP insults I see all too often.

*"My child deserves this because he/she got good grades"*

And I aced every test I have taken with flying colours.

*"My child is very well mannered so he/she deserves it"*

Then why is your child screaming at random people?

*"You're too old for that"*

And you're too stupid to have children, but here we are.

*"I AM A SINGLE PARENT!"*

I sympathise with your spouse, I would have left too.

**And my favorite, reserved for crazy religious people**

*"YOU WILL GO TO HELL"*

**This is kinda long but I'm proud of it.**

I *will* go to hell? Now, isn't that a strong statement? It's so.......finalistic. As if, you yourself were sending me to hell. Now, I don't know too much about (religion) but I'm pretty sure that God is the one who decides who goes to heaven or hell. So, by saying this, you are playing God. Now then, who's going to hell, again?

Edit:TFW a shitpost u made gets more updoots than anything else on the sub.


/nSo the other night I decided to go to a local lake and walk around to play some Pokémon Go. There’s dozens of pokestops around the lake and quite a few gyms too, so it’s a prime location to play. (Also, I’m 22 and I went with a friend who’s 28) 

It was a quiet night, not a whole lot of people walking around. We approach a park and shelter area and notice there’s a raid about to start, so we sit at the shelter area to play it. (I’m not sure how to explain this if you’re unfamiliar with the game lol) 

We happened to be the only people there, and across the trail was a park with a few kids and a mom barely paying attention. We’re sitting there waiting for the raid to start for about 5 minutes when this mom comes over to us. 

EM(entitled mom): Can I ask what you are doing here?

Me: We’re playing Pokémon go, why?

EM: well it’s pretty creepy you two adults are just sitting here near the park. You need to leave. 

Me: what? We’re minding our own business, maybe you should too. 

EM: you are making me and my children uncomfortable!! I don’t know what that Pokémon go is, but it sounds like an excuse to watch my kids!!!

Me: well we’ll only be here for like 10 more minutes lady, we aren’t watching your kids. 

EM: RIDICULOUS!!

She then storms back over to the park and sits on the phone with someone. About 3 minutes later she grabs her kids and comes over again, yelling at us that now her kids can’t enjoy the park because us creeps want to kidnap them. She also explained to her children (who both looked to be younger than 10) that they had to leave because we were going to hurt them. 

I was baffled and didn’t even know what to say. It’s a public trail, public park, public shelter. And on a lot of days there are dozens of adults playing Pokémon go. It was so strange.

Edit: I know this is so lame but thank you to whoever gave me platinum! I don’t think I’ve ever gotten any gold/silver/platinum so that’s really cool!! Glad everyone is enjoying my insane encounter with an insane parent lol./nSo I work at a grocery store, I'm Also 24 years old but my family has chronic baby face, this is imporant to the story. 

It's my day off and I wanted to get some chores done like clean the garage and give my dogs a bath but I'm out of dog shampoo and the garage has a major spider infestation so I run to the store I work at for dog shampoo and bug killer. 

I then pass the beer isle and think to myself how awesome a nice beer would be after I get all my work done and pick out a couple single bottles of brands I've been meaning to try out. 

Behind me I hear some one loudly exclaim "EH HEM?" 

I look behind me and see a woman with a full cart and baby in the seat. I assume I must have been in her way as I did have ear buds in and I take a while to read the labels when I decide to try a new beer. 

"Oh sorry" I say moving out of the way.

"You're not old enough to buy that are you?" She scoffs. 

"Um, yes I am. I know, I look really young. I get it a lot." 

"Don't lie to me, I have three boys, two of them are teens. I know what you kids get up to." She then points to the big killer in my cart 

"And I bet you're getting that to get high off, aren't you?"

"Miss... I'm old enough. It's my day off work and I'm getting some stuff done like killing spiders in my garage, giving my dogs a bath and then relaxing with a nice beer."

"Then show me your id"

"No"

"Then you're lying!!"

"Lady, I don't need to show you my id unless you're a cop or a employee here. It has my private information on there." 

She huffs and looks around, possibly for a employee or someone else to back her up but no one was around so I just leave. 

A few minutes later I'm at check out in the self scan. And guess who I see again, EM. She glares at me again and watches as I scan the beers and then wait for the employee to clear me for it.

When the employee walks up Em loudly says "You better check his ID, he's underage!"

The employee just kinda looks dumbfounded at her. "Um miss. He works here. I know for a fact he's over 21, I sold him beer before." 

EM goes quiet, she probably wasn't expecting that I did in fact work here. She scoffs and says "well can't ever be too careful these days" and walks off.

The employee and I have a laugh about it as she scans my id and then I pay for my stuff. 

I think that's the worst thing that ever happened about how I look young. I had in the past had a smoke shop employee doubt me until he saw my id but this was the craziest so far./nEDIT: Since so many people have been making Alabama jokes, I have to clarify that I do not live in Alabama. Also, thanks for all the love!

Background: My family is a tad complicated. I have three brothers, I’m the second to last kid. Only girl. My mother’s been pregnant three times by three different men. My older brother is 25 and a teacher. My twin and I are 18 and seniors. My younger brother is 16 and a sophmore. We all teach at/attend the same school. To make things more complicated, we all took different last names. My brothers took their father’s while I have our mother’s. Because of this, some people don’t connect the dots that we’re all related. Onto the story.

Junior year, my twin brother dated a girl for a couple months. She was very sweet. We were friendly but never friends. After they broke up, they tried staying friends but it didn’t work. The girl took it rather well, but her mother didn’t. She hated me and my brother from then on.

Fast forward to senior year. It’s the end of the day, and I pop in to say goodbye to my older brother, who teaches history. He jumps up, very excited, to tell me his boyfriend(now fiancé) is coming to visit. We chat excitedly about it for a bit, then I hug him goodbye.

At that moment, EM storms in. She stops short when she sees us, and her eyes narrow. She looks between us like she’s caught us at something.

EM: I should have known.

She turns and leaves the room. Older brother and I look at each other, confused. A minute later, EM comes back with the principal.

EM: See! This little slut was throwing herself at this teacher.

The principal looks very confused. He’s know my family for years, and knows we’re siblings. 

P: Ma’am, I highly doubt that.

EM: I saw it happen!

OB: Ma’am, first of all, I’m gay.

EM makes a slight squeaking noise at this.

OB: Second, she’s my sister.

The principal lot his shit at this point, laughing at this pathetic woman. She turns red, then white, then red again. She ran out of the room, embarrassed. 

Graduation is soon, and I hope I never have to see her again. Unfortunately, I know she loves theater, and I work in a company that’s local. Crossing my fingers she’ll never show up there./nOkay so this is my first post and sorry for bad English (I’m Swedish) sry for format, on the phone. Will edit once u get home



So I was playing some Rainbow six siege (solo que) and met this 12-14 year old kid. After the game he invites me to a 1v1 on house. I agreed and the game was on. Now I’m okay at Siege around platinum 3 and he was maybe silver something so for me it was easy game. And this kid was trashtalking the WHOLE time like “yeah bro you suck” and “Oh are you really gonna play (insert different operator) he/she suck” and so on and on. 



So the real story begins when he starts using swearwords.


K= kid
M= mother
Me= Ash Ketchum


K: F*ck you man

Me: Silence

M: Hey why are you swearing at my son?

Me: What? I have not been swearing at your son.

M: Well i just heard you say “Frick you” to my son.

Me: No I did not.

M: And why are you killing my son all the time?

Me: It’s kind of the point of the game to kill the opponent.

M: Well why is he not killing you

Me: Well that maybe because I happen to better at this game then he is.

M: I WANT YOU TO STOP KILLING MY SON.

Me: Yeah no, not gonna happen lady.

M: You want me to call the cops for assault?

Me: Good luck ma’am

M: Where do you live?

Me: Sweden.

M: Do NOT lie to me you a*shole

Me: Ma’am why would I lie to you?

M: Why would you not lie to me to get out of the police coming to your house?

Me Touché men jag ljuger faktiskt inte för dig just nu (but I’m lying not to you)

M: What is your address?

Me: Riksgatan 1 100 12 Stockholm (address of the swedish parlament)

Then there is silence for a while.


M: So now I have called to police and they are on the way

Me: Sweet, I’ll be here waiting for them.

M: Good, I hope you will enjoy jail.

Me: yeah I’m sure i will. Well goodbye, I better get dressed for when the police show up. Bye.

I left the game and went to sleep. For what I know the police have not showed up yet so.



Thank you kind stanger for my first gold. Thank you very much







For those who are wondering. I play siege on PC/nAs requested, another EP story featuring my kids' health issues. This is a bit of a long one.

&#x200B;

When my oldest daughter was born, she had some significant heart problems. NICU for a while and then at 10 weeks old, she developed supraventricular tachycardia which basically means that her heart would beat excessively for no reason at all. She was in pediatric ICU for two weeks after nearly dying from organ failure (she's fine now). 

&#x200B;

This particular incident happened about a week after she was released from ICU. She'd been sent home with a portable heart monitor.  We went to the cardiologist once a week for the batteries on the monitor to be changed and the readings to be checked. 

&#x200B;

On this day, we were sitting in the waiting room at the pediatric cardiology office. Wait times were insane here, as there are only two doctors for the entire region and it wasn't unusual to wait 30 minutes or longer for an appointment. Entitled Dad and Bratty Kid were the only other ones there. 

&#x200B;

But, here we are in the waiting room. My daughter is asleep in her carseat carrier and I'm lightly half dozing. Something touched my knee. I look down and Bratty Kid is there. 

&#x200B;

Me: Hi! 

&#x200B;

BK: Is that a real baby?

&#x200B;

Me: (laughing) Yes, it is. 

&#x200B;

BK: Is it a boy?

&#x200B;

My daughter was dressed in a yellow sleeper with pink strawberries on it. Lacy pink socks. Pink hat. 

&#x200B;

Me: No, it's a girl. 

&#x200B;

BK: What's that?

&#x200B;

He's pointing to the heart monitor. 

&#x200B;

Me: That's to make sure her heart is beating right. 

&#x200B;

BK: Can I play with it?

&#x200B;

Me: No. Sorry, it's not a toy. 

&#x200B;

BK: I'm bored. 

&#x200B;

I looked across the room and the dad is flat out asleep. He's actually snoring. 

&#x200B;

Me: Why don't you go talk to your dad, then? 

&#x200B;

At this moment, I'm called up to the insurance desk to fill out another form. BK had gone back to his dad, so I left my baby there as I was only about four feet away. I turn to go sit down and ED is awake and walking toward me. 

&#x200B;

ED: Do you have a toy my son can play with?

&#x200B;

Me: Nope, sorry. 

&#x200B;

ED: He says you do. Give it to him. 

&#x200B;

Me: I don't. 

&#x200B;

ED: I need a nap. Just give him the toy so I can go back to sleep. 

&#x200B;

Me: There is no toy. You should have brought one for him if you wanted to sleep so bad.

 

If looks could kill....He went back to his side of the room and I sit down. About another ten minutes pass. Daughter is awake now and hungry. I'm digging through the diaper bag. As a first time mom with a child in and out of the hospital, I hadn't had the time or energy to develop a system for the bag yet, so it took me a minute. By the time I'd found what I needed, my daughter was screaming and so was her heart monitor...the cords of which are in BK's hand. The loud beeps from the disconnected monitor wake up ED. 

&#x200B;

ED shoots out of his chair.

&#x200B;

ED: The fuck is that?

&#x200B;

I don't even get time to answer before a nurse rushes out to us. She drops to the floor to check my daughter. Meanwhile I snatch the heart monitor from BK's hand. 

&#x200B;

BK: That's mine. Give it back.

&#x200B;

ED: Why are you taking his toys from him?

&#x200B;

Me: Go back to sleep. It's all you seem to be good for. 

&#x200B;

He grabs my arm and yanks the monitor from me to give it back to the kid who promptly drops it. 

&#x200B;

Nurse: (picking up the monitor) You need to leave now. This is sensitive medical equipment. If it's damaged, we're billing you for it.

&#x200B;

ED: You have no right to talk to me like that. Do you know who I am?

&#x200B;

Nurse: You're the guy who's about to get arrested if you don't leave now. 

&#x200B;

On his way out, he screamed profanities at/about me, the nurse, and the clinic. His wife (who'd been in the back with the doctor) was told he was banned from the clinic and was handed a bill for the cost of the monitor. A few weeks later during another appointment, the nurse told me he'd sued the clinic for emotional trauma. It was dropped when the clinic counter sued for the cost of the monitor. 

&#x200B;/n&#x200B;

I've just started running an online D&D game.  Last couple of sessions I'd noticed my connection was really bad.  The usual stuff didn't help.  After a while I found out that a couple of months ago my neighbour had "borrowed" the wifi password from my GF because they were having connection problems.  It was supposed to be for a day or two while their new ISP connected them.  Saturday before last I change the wifi password.  Connection is better.

&#x200B;

Sunday - neighbour wife turns up

Her:  Is something is wrong with the internet.  I can't log on.

Me:  I changed the password.

Her:  Oh.  Can I have the new one?

Me:  No.  You were only supposed to borrow it for a few days while you got your own connection, and I couldn't get a connection when I needed to.

There's a short discussion that boils down to "Oh, we didn't think you'd mind."  "I didn't if it was for a few days.  It's been about 3 months."  "But you have it anyway."  "Yes, because I PAY for it and when you use it you're taking something I PAY for and making it worse for me and my household!"

&#x200B;

That evening my GF mentions that she'd gotten a text from neighbours were having problems with their internet again and she'd lent them the new password.  Had another chat with the neighbours which boils down to something like this

Her:  But we need the internet.  Sammy \[the daughter\] needs it for school and Kev \[The husband\] loves his games!

Me:  Then get your own connection

Her:  I did, but they can't get out until Wednesday.

Me:  So just 2 more days then?  I'm change the password again Wednesday.

Her:  \[somehow sounding like she's doing me a favour\]  If you must.

&#x200B;

Me being me I forget Wednesday.  I don't remember until game night comes around and I notice the connection is a bit dodgy when I'm setting up.  I change the password again and everything clears up.

&#x200B;

Next day.  I get a 10 minute lecture from the husband that I should stop harassing him by cutting off "his" internet in the middle of playing his games, that I am ruining his daughters life by stopping her from studying, that I needed to give them the new password so his daughter could load new video to her You Tube.

I walk away, close my door and enjoy a beer.

&#x200B;

Monday comes around.  This is glued, yes *glued*, not taped to my door.

[Sorry for image quality](https://i.redd.it/d4vey6pfgze21.jpg)

Not sure which of the neighbours wrote it.

&#x200B;

Transcription, including spelling errors

I hope you're happy f\*\*\*tard.  You ruined my girls hopes.  You have no rite to cut off my internet.  You stopped my daughter from streaming and ruined her chance of becoming a you tuber!!!

Hope your f\*\*\*\*\*\* happy a$$tard./nI finally had my first EP experience and I hated it

//WARINING: There's lots of cussing//

&#x200B;

For a little background, 2 days ago my family and I went to a hotel to enjoy a really good weekend. My grandma and aunt were visiting so that's why we went and it wouldn't take us long to return home (the hotel was just a city away from ours), so no big deal. The hotel had everything: massive restaurants, children's playgrounds, tennis courts, golf, a beach, an amazing wildlife environment, and the most important, over 30 pools in the whole fucking hotel. We are literally an hour away from Cancun so the hotel had guests from all around the world and there was a lot of diversity among the people.

Now, I am a C cup so my breasts are actually pretty big and my swimsuit shows a lot of chest. My younger brother (15) and me (18) were enjoying some drinks in the pool's bar when an american girl around my age sits next to us, she ordered something and then saw me. She looked surprised as soon as she saw my breasts and then to her flat chest, this continued back and forth like 3 more times, she looked a bit sad. The mother of the girl then came and sat next to her, i didn't want to pay attention to their conversation (that's rude) so I concentrated on my brother and our drinks. All of a sudden I feel a sharp tap on my back, I turned around to see the American girl's mother with a disgusted face and her long and sharp nail still in the air.

&#x200B;

Our dear cast: B = Brother      Me = Me      EM = Entitled Mom      ED = Entitled Daughter      S: Hotel Staff      BM: Bar Man

EM: Hey, can't you cover up some more?

Me: I'm sorry?

EM: I told you to cover up, you're upsetting my daughter with your massive breasts, why are you using such swimsuit?

Me: Umm...I don't swim to often and forgot this swimsuit didn't cover up my breast that much

ED: Ugh...

EM: Why won't you use your B's water shirt?

Me: I don't like using it

EM: You look like a slut

Me: E-Excuse me?!

B: The fuck? Who do you think you are to call her like that?

EM: Shut up kid

B: Like fuck I will, whale (EM was really fat)

EM: How the hell did you just call me you little shit?!

Me: Hey, don't call my brother like that! It's not my fucking fault your daughter is as flat as a 6 year old!

EM: WHAT THE HELL DID YOU JUST SAID ABOUT HER?!

B: DON'T SCREAM TO MY SISTER!

&#x200B;

We were getting attention from other guests so someone called a staff member and he came fast

&#x200B;

S: Excuse me, you are scaring the other guests, what's going on?

ED: She was exposing herself to me and then B insulted my mother!

Me and B: What?!

EM: We want them out of the pool!

S: Is that true?

Me: No we didn't! I was just sitting with my brother and she then stared at my breasts, her mother complained about it and THEN called me a slut for not covering up!

BM: She is telling the truth, the others are lying

EM: BULLSHIT! BM is a liar and this bitch is exposing herself even now!

S: Madam please stop harassing this young lady, I'll have to ask you to leave the pool and come with me to the lobby

EM: I won't do that! We have done nothing wrong! You can't make me move, I'll sue you!

S: \*stops trying to convince EM and ED from getting out and just takes out his radio and calls for security\* Security will arrive soon so you better grab your stuff 'cause you won't be allowed to set foot her anymore.

EM: WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU, YOU STUPID MEXICAN SHIT?!

&#x200B;

Then it happened, fucking ED grabbed one strap of my swimsuit and pulled it hard enough to break it, I covered my chest as fast as I could and because of reflex I punched her right in the face. Now EM was screaming at me, ED was bleeding from her nose and mouth while crying and screaming in pain (I hit pretty hard), my B was screaming at this bitch and in front of me trying to protect me, I was trying my best to cover myself and the poor S had the duty to try to control us now.

To shorten up the ending, security arrived and escorted EM and ED to the lobby, my parents finally noticed the commotion and handed me a towel and went to the lobby to give my statement. EM and ED were kicked out of the hotel and I ended up at our room. Fucking bitch

&#x200B;

EDIT: First of all I want to say thank you to all of you for showing me so much support, I really appreciate it and am happy for this, I'd also love to thank to the 2 anonymous redditors that gave me gold.

Now, most of you asked me why I didn't sue them for sexual assault and the reason for this is that Mexico's law system fucking sucks. If we tried to sue them we'd definitely loose because of these reasons:

1. ED never harmed me, yeah, she broke my strap and could have expose my boobs but I didn't get a scratch nor anything. I in the other hand did punch and made ED bleed. The law says I can't use violence against someone unless the other individual harms me first. **I freaking hate this a lot**. In the USA you can defend yourself against someone if you feel threatened, you cannot do that here.
2. Serious sexual assault and rape cases happen a lot here and believe me, if rape criminals are not even punished (even if there're witnesses, security footage, physical proof, etc) cops won't even think ED did something
3. EM and ED are from a foreign country so a trial would be more complicated/nSo, as the name suggests, this is an update. For the full story, you can check out the original post  [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b54y5y/entitled_bible_thumping_aunt_steals_an_anime_box/?st=JTWA1RCU&sh=550d6aef). 

It’s been an interesting week. My aunt stole my Soul Eater box set after I told her son he couldn’t borrow it. She then called me a few hours later claiming that I was trying to corrupt her baby boy. 

From what my uncle told me, she had intended on returning it with the other DVD’s my cousin (her son) had borrowed. But after watching the first episode of Soul Eater, she planned on throwing it out. Thankfully, this is where my uncle stepped in.  For years, the man has been rescuing “wicked” items from his wife and returning them to his nieces and nephews. 

Earlier tonight, he stopped by and returned my pilfered box set along with the other DVD’s. He apologized for my aunt and promised it wouldn’t happen again. 

Even so, I still don’t want her in my apartment.  I told him that I didn’t feel comfortable lending them movies. But I also told him about CrunchyRoll accounts and he said he’d tell my cousin. So now, the kid can enjoy anime and his mother won’t step foot into my apartment. 

I know the conclusion wasn’t very exciting. But I got my disks back and that’s all I wanted. I’m currently bingeing episodes of Soul Eater and I don’t plan on stopping any time soon. When I originally typed it out, I was angry and just trying to vent. I had no idea this was going to blow up. Thank you all for taking the time to read the post and this update.

/nHello, I'm from India. English isn't my first language so apologies in advance for any mistakes. Sorry this is going to be long.

This incident happened about 8 years ago. It was my sister's birthday and a lot of my family members from my dad's side were invited. My dad's sister (who will be called EM henceforth) and her daughter (EC henceforth) were visiting us after a lot of years because they shifted to California. So EM wanted her daughter to be the center of attention since the moment they came in. EC was about 7 years old and everyone was quite taken with her because she spoke in an adorable accent. When it was the time for cutting the cake, EM wanted EC to cut it even though it was my sister's birthday. The reason being- "She is a kid. She DESERVES to cut the cake. She is the youngest of them all. My sister (S) is way too old to be cutting cakes anyway...." It was sister's 11th birthday. EM's request/order was declined by my mom which made EM quite angry. When dinner was served, EM was very hungry and sat down to eat. As soon as she started, EC started crying and demanded to be fed. And EM expected my mom to stop eating and feed her kid. And my mother agreed.

The worst was at the time of gift unwrapping. My sister loves Barbies so she received a doll and a doll house from my mom and dad. And I gave her a bunch of homemade chocolate that i made myself.

EM- What does S need chocolates for? Come on give them to EC. You are way to old for them.

S gave EC some of them, which EC proceeded to start eating right then.

S went on to unwrap other presents and was made to share a bunch of other stuff like sparkle pens, a set of crayons etc too with EC.

EC after sometime started wailing that she wanted more chocolate. EM literally shouting- Why have you not given her the chocolates? Didn't I ask you to? Why are being so mean? She's your cousin. She deserves them. 

S was almost at tears and gave her three more. Now only 5 chocolates remained which she gave one to each of us- mom,dad,EM and me. I saved mine to give it to her later. EM noticed it and asked me to give to EC since I obviously was not going to eat it. I didn't.

When S got to unwrapping the doll house and the barbie, EM actually pounced on the doll and started pulling it away from S. Now S started to cry which made EM angry. And she screamed at..... S to shut up and stop being so mean and stingy. EC was from US and did not have any Indian toys. And she needed the doll.

My father flat out refused which resulted in more screaming and crying. Then she left in a huff and kicked at the doll house, denting it.

My sister was very sad and needless to say her birthday was ruined. But that was not the end. 

About an hour or so later EM was back kicking and screaming at our door saying we had poisoned her kid and that she would be suing us. EC's stomach was aching but instead of calling a doctor she had drove her to our house. We seated them and called the doctor (during which EM was screaming about how we were jealous of her and would suffer terrible fates). The doctor said the pain was because of over eating. Guess she shouldn't have had 6 of those chocolates.

EM then proceeded to blame me and my sis for everything and saying how both of us were spoiled and mean kids.

&#x200B;

TL;DR- My entitled aunt ruins my sister's birthday by taking away most of her gifts for her kid and then destroyed her dollhouse and blamed her child's stomach as poisoning on my family.

EDIT- I have posted a part 2 too. She too read this story and called us up. Not to apologise though..../nSo I just found this reddit and I was reading some of the stories, and I was like, “hey I’ve got one!”
  Well here it is.
My mom was and still is a crazy homophobic protester, like the one that’s at a pride festival with an offensive sign. She even told gay couples they couldn’t be like that because they might scar me. Anyways this was the summer after I graduated high school and was moving on to college, I had a boyfriend (we’re still together) and I always told my mom he was just a close friend. Then my mom told me we were going to go protest at a pride festival. I had had enough, so I began to think of a master plan. First I put on rainbow colored clothes, then put on some black pants and a hoodie, and made a protester sign with two layers so I could peel off the first. When we arrived at the festival I took out my sign and stood with the other protesters, once my mom came over I ran over to the parade, took off my hoodie and pants, revealing the rainbow outfit. Man I will never forget the look on her face! Then I peeled off the first layer of the sign which made it say, “HI MOM!” That was the best day of my life! My mom just walked away, got into her car and drove away. Even though I had to wait half an hour for my friend to come pick me up, I still remember that day as the greatest day of my life. 
here’s the picture of me at the parade. http://imgur.com/9mP4I4a/nso this mom with a teen a kid and a baby in the line for the luggage check-in started telling everyone to let her cut in line because “i have 3 children to take care of, why can’t you make it easy for a hustling mother??”
she then got to where me and my mom were, and started yelling at us to let her cut in line.
we didn’t let her cuz we were already late.
my mom told her: “i understand that you have three kids and whatnot but we’ve been standing in line just as long as you if not longer,and we're about to miss the plane, so stop it”
the em then proceeded to shout at my mom for about 5 minutes straight as my mom shut her up in the middle.
we just shrug it off and keep going. 
Our flight was delayed so we had some time.
a little while later, i find a passport on the floor which looked like it belonged to EM.
her name was then called on the PA, telling her to urgently board her flight because it was about to take off.
she missed her flight.
i simply put her passport in lost and found./n A little bit of back story : My sister owns a 100% vegan restaurant in Sitges, Spain (near Barcelona) and the restaurant’s name is ‘Spice Garden’ for those who are wondering. She told me this story of a EM and EK coming in there to eat.

When they come in, they seem like normal people. A waiter hands them the menus and they start looking at them.

Some time later, the waiter comes back and asks if they’re ready to order. Here’s how the conversation went:

W (waiter) : Are you ready to order, ma’am?

EM : We can’t find anything tasty on this menu.

W : Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. Is there a way I can help?

EM : Well I was thinking I could get some burgers from McDonald’s and come here to eat them, since we’re here.

W : I’m sorry ma’am, you’re not allowed to take outside food with you into restaurants, AND this is a vegan restaurant, so it wouldn’t be good either way. You can leave if you’d like.

EM : EXCUSE ME? I am YOUR client so I can eat what I want here! How DARE you tell me not to do that?!

W : Ma’am please don’t argue, as I said this is a VEGAN restaurant and you’re not allowed to bring outside food! If you don’t leave in the next minute, I will be forced to make you leave myself.

The EM and EK leave the restaurant. I am still weirded out to this day as to how would that EM have the audacity to eat meat in a vegan restaurant!

Edit: Thank you for the silver kind stranger!
Edit 2: Thank you for gold!/nMy neighbors had this weird relative. He was so odd no one really liked it when he showed up, even though they couldn't quite figure out why. It became apparent why when he was caught and convicted for sexually abusing a little boy. For this the guy spent several years in jail. Good. The idiot needed to be there. While this guy was in jail my neighbors had two adorable kids. First a little girl then a little boy. Awesome and well behaved kids. So well behaved it was almost freaky, but then I think my boys might just be part demon.

&#x200B;

Then the Pedo gets out of prison. When this happened my neighbors told me that there was no way they were gonna let this Pedo near their kids and I was glad that they thought this way. Responsible parents, always good to see. These folks were wonderful parents.

&#x200B;

About 3 months later my husband and I ran into our neighbor's mother/mother in law.

I was never sure whether I liked this woman or not; I was positive I didn't like her after this meeting. This entitled woman did nothing but complain about our neighbors. Her daughter could have done better, her daughter's  husband was a lazy slob, they refused to go to church with her, yadda yadda. I was getting annoyed with her stupid rambling. These were great neighbors that actually watched their own kids when they came over.  Then she started complaining about how they refuse to let her nephew (the Pedo) come to their house. She went on this tirade about how family should stick together and how them not trusting this nephew was just wrong. I stood there in horror as she told us how she had plans to pick up her grandkids and take them to meet her nephew so that he would be given the love and trust of his family which he so desperately needs. This cow then went on to say that she might even leave them with him for a short time, just so, you know, he can show everyone else how trustworthy he is. The police were stupid to say he couldn't be around kids and she was going to prove it to them.

I actually put my hands in my pockets to keep from just reaching out to slap her. I looked at my husband and saw that he was freaked out too. Here we both were staring at this woman with horrified looks on our faces and this cow kept droning on not even noticing!  She was damn stupid. 

When we got home my husband walked over to our neighbors house and told him what his mother in law had said. This neighbor wasn't surprised in the least and said that he wondered if this would happen. He thanked my husband for the warning and told him not to worry. 

&#x200B;

Later the neighbor told me what had happened. He said that his mother in law had come by a few days later and had wanted to take their kids to her church. He had told her 'no'.  She then asked if she could just have them for the afternoon then. He told her no again. She was getting mad by this time and asked him why he wasn't letting her have her only grandkids. He told her that he was afraid she would take the kids around cousin Pedo.

The very next thing she said was that my husband and I were lying, that she would never do that. He hadn't brought up our names at all so when she said that he knew that she had planned on doing just that. He told her that he knew she wasn't going to do that because he wasn't going to let her. She became angry at this and said that she would talk to her daughter about his accusations and left. 

&#x200B;

Later her daughter told her that she could come by the house anytime she wanted to see the kids. She also told her that anytime she wanted they would bring the kids to her house for a visit, that is as long as her nephew the Pedo wasn't there, but never ever was she going to be allowed to just take the kids without her or her husband so she was just going to have to accept it. Her mother angrily told her that God gave her those kids so therefore God could just as easily take her kids away. I'm not sure but that kind of sounded like a threat to me but who knows.

&#x200B;

So the mother in law did the only (not) logical thing and moved her nephew the Pedo into her house.  What followed was this woman moaning and complaining that no one ever visited her anymore and she was no longer welcome to any of her relatives homes. The reality was that she stubbornly insisted that her nephew the Pedo be invited too and if not then she was staying home. I've not been able to figure that one out at all. 

 

Now the neighbor kids are all grown up. This woman still to this day lives all alone with her Pedo nephew and still loudly wonders why no one comes to her house or why she is no longer invited places./nWe get a kick out of these entities parents stories and my husband said this would be perfect for this sub-reddit.

Edit: Wow I really didn't think this story would blow up so much. Thanks for the supportive comments guys. 

Warning: If you couldn't tell from the title Period talk!

So I was at the mall shopping when mother nature called and I had to go to the ladies room. There was a line for the women's room. In front of me there was a woman (EM) with her son (EK) that looked about 8-9 years old. He was in my opinion a getting a little old to be accompanied by mommy in the girls room but I just decided to mind my business because I'm not a mom and I don't have to think about those kinds of things. 

It's finally my turn and I go into the restroom and choose my stall. It's a really big restroom with at least 20 stalls and it's full. I start doing my thing and I hear women in the stalls next to me shouting "Excuse me! Go away!" And "Stop! You're too old for that!" Along with manic giggling from EK. I'm caught with my skirt up and too late to change positions when I realize his tiny pervert hands are on the floor in the stall next to me getting ready to move on to mine. 

(All you women know that it's hard to back out out of this position once you're committed to it. Else the tampon goes to waste.) I immediately warn him not to check my stall or I'll kick him in the face. 

EM: "EXCUSE ME?" 

EK decides to check anyways. I'm in a defensive position. I kick him in the face as soon as he takes a peek. Lucky for him I was wearing flats. EK screams and starts bawling his eyes out shouting for mommy. 

EM storms over to my stall. Pounds on the door as hard as she can. 

EM: "what did you do to my baby???" 

(Can I add she didn't wash her hands yet?) I ignore her feeling no guilt and finish my business. I open the door she shouts at me.

EM: "why did you kick my baby in the face???"
Me: "why was he close enough to my stall for me to kick him in the face?"
EM: " he's a child. It's normal for them to be curious." 
Me: "well I warned him and I frankly feel very uncomfortable changing my tampon in front of an underage boy."

I'm frankly embarrassed but felt she needed to know the compromising position I was in. The women in the bathroom hear and begin giggling and snorting at the absurdity of the situation. EM blushes and looks disgusted at my frank remark. A woman near me agreed that he was too old to be checking under women's bathroom stalls and that EM should be watching her son more closely if she has to bring him into the women's restroom with her. 

EM: You assaulted a small child. I'm calling security on you. 
Me: I'll tell them exactly what happened. And how he violated all the woman in the stalls next to me. 

EM leaves but I guess she felt out numbered because she didn't call security. Instead she stormed out of the mall dragging EK by the wrist whilst muttering under her breath. /nI stayed in Girl Scouts through my senior year of high school because it meant that I got to go on a trip to Switzerland. My troop of me and two other girls planned this from age 14 and I saved up over $4000.

Because we were going to be 18 on the trip, we had discussed getting a drink at some point while in Europe. The leader, the mom of one of the girls, basically said that we’d have to keep it private because it’s technically against Girl Scout rules. Not a huge issue, as she was already willing to bend rules restricting us from using Airbnb and whatnot. We’d never been a formal troop, and the leader and co-leader had made jokes about porn and sex numerous times in meetings.  We definitely weren’t a picture perfect little troop in that sense.

The trip was approaching and the topic of drinking came up at a meeting. The mom of the other girl was coming on the trip too and acting as co-leader, so I was the only one there without a parent.  I’m gonna call them EL (entitled leader) and EM (entitled mom). For context, I am mentally ill but stable on medications.

EL: “I haven’t really decided about the drinking thing yet”

Me: “ah that’s all good”

EL: “but you shouldn’t be drinking on your meds anyway”

Me: “oh I’ve talked to my psychiatrist about it and he says it’s ok”

EM: “NO. At my old job I was practically the mom of kids on Prozac and I know for a FACT that people on it can’t touch alcohol!”

(She worked as a dispatcher. She answered the phones.)

Me: “well I talked to my doctor and did research online and moderate drinking is considered fine as long as you know your limits”

EL: “Have you been drinking!?”

Me: “at home, with my mother, yeah. It’s legal. “

At this point the conversation devolved into them yelling at me until I was in near tears. When my dad arrived to pick me up, I left as quickly as possible. I broke down in the car telling him what happened.

The next day, EL called my dad and said I want to go to Europe just to drink and that it’s unsafe.  My dad told her she misunderstood.

The next meeting, the first thing I did was try to clear up misconceptions.

Me: “I want to make it clear that I don’t want to go to Europe just to drink. I want to go for the experiences and art and monuments. The reason I was upset last time was because I felt that my doctors reputability was being questioned and it made me uncomfortable.”

EL: “ok, thanks for clearing that up. But no doctor in his right mind would tell a minor to drink on drugs.”

EM: “ok I’m just gonna shut this down because you’re being defiant. You need to obey us because we’re in charge here. Got it?”

I was pretty shocked because I was being super respectful. Like I was quoting what my therapist suggested I say to be firm but respectful and explanatory.  I was caught off guard and started tearing up a bit, but I used some DBT coping mechanisms and got through it.

When my dad came to pick me up, they brought him in and said that we were going to have a meeting with some Girl Scout officials regarding my medications and the drinking thing. They said some misrepresenting things about me that my dad wasn’t happy about, but he maintained composure and we planned the meeting.

A couple weeks later, six days before we were supposed to fly to Switzerland, the meeting happened. It became clear very quickly that they had lied to us about the premise of the meeting.

They intended to remove me from the trip and leave me financially responsible for the loss because I broke Girl Scout rules by mentioning having alcohol.

They had met with the officials before this and pitched me as extremely mentally unstable, rebellious, and incapable of dealing with the the slightest bit of stress. They also claimed that I was bipolar and schizophrenic, which I’m not.  It’s also worth noting that I got signed off by two doctors and a psychotherapist as stable and fully fit to travel.

This backfired because when this meeting happened, I was more composed and respectful than either EL or EM. They went off on me for stating how I felt in situations, they got irritated at my mom for saying I was a great student (to explain responsibility and handling stress), and when I mentioned my actual diagnoses, they said that there’s no way they would put up with that. Basically me and my family played an uno reverse card on them, because they made themselves look terrible.

When it became clear that the officials were hearing me and seeing my side, the leaders said that they flat out refused to take me and that there was nothing that could convince them otherwise. That meeting ended with no resolution and the intent of having a phone call the next day.

After that meeting, it was pretty clear to the officials that this was discrimination based on a documented disability, so they called my parents and told them that I should be allowed to the trip. They said they were impressed with me and that they’d tell the leaders that they legally have to take me.

They did that, but EL and EM flat out refused. I wasn’t surprised if I’m honest. The Girl Scouts required that they make it right, though. I was going to meet my grandma at the end of the Girl Scout trip so I could visit relatives, so I needed a new plane ticket. EL and EM ended up agreeing to pay for my new plane ticket and forfeit troop funding for a large portion of the trip. Since it was so last minute and there was a cancelation fee for my existing ticket, it cost about an extra $2500.

They ended up paying tf up, so I guess karma kinda got them. It was pretty devastating, but I still had a great time in Europe in the end. The reason it was so shocking is because I usually get along with people super well despite my mental illnesses, so it was weird to be hated so much lol

Anyway don’t discriminate against people for their mental illnesses and thanks for reading!

Edit: thanks so much for the support and golds! I’m replying to as many people as I can, but know I’m reading every comment and I appreciate you all :)/nOkay, so here's a story from when I was about 11 or 12.

It was that time of the day when we get picked up from school. I'd been taking the bus since I was 11, as my parents deemed me old enough and said it would help me grow my individuality. Plus, it was a school bus reserved for the kids only, so I was in no danger.

But anyway, it was a Friday afternoon, and I was looking forward to going home and spending the weekend playing Persona 3, when there was some sort of commotion at the front of the bus.

I looked ahead and saw some mother trying to get on the bus with her child. Now, this bus was strictly for children only, for what should be obvious reasons. We had no way to clarify if this woman was actually someone's mother and it was better safe than sorry, as they say.

What I heard next though, was absolutely mind-boggling though. The conversation between the driver and this lady was, frankly, hilarious. (Keep in mind, I was living in the UK at the time, so prepare for some British slang phrases.

Bus driver: "I'm sorry Ma'am, you can't get on. The bus is reserved for the children. You'll have to find another way ho-"

Mother: "What the Fuck?!" (Keep in mind, this is a bus with 8 to 12 year olds on it.) "I come all the way out here, I walk to collect my Damn daughter, only to find some minimum wage asshole won't let me get this bus home? Do you know what I've gone through?"

Bus driver: "Sorry, Ma'am, but children only. We can't risk letting a random adult on."

Mother: "So you're calling me a fucking nonce? How do I know you aren't one?"

At this point, everybody on the bus was staring at the woman and the poor driver looked like he wanted to just get on with his job. But of course, the woman would not relent.

Mother: "I have a right to be on this bus! My children are part of the school."

Bus driver: "Then by all means, your children can get on. Just not you. It's policy."

By then, the daughter, who was around my age, tried to slip onto the bus, blushing, clearly embarrassed at the attention, but her mother sharply tugged her back.

Mother: "No [girl]! You are not getting on this bus until this asshole lets me on with you."

After 10 minutes of back and forth, the mother eventually left, taking her child with her and the driver sighed with relief, as we finally headed off home.

The ironic part is, the woman's daughter, I ended up dating and I still do to this day. And she said once, and I quote "Sometimes, I wish I had your parents. Or even anybody else's."/n[Obligatory phone warning is obligatory]

After telling some stories about my past, I have now brought all of you to the present. And by the present I mean yesterday. So technically still in the past? My head hurts...

Anyway I was walking home from a friend's house and on the way back I was walking close to the curb but not exactly next to it. 

I wasn't focusing since I was listening to music and suddenly I saw a car go onto part of the pavement and the side mirror hit me in the gut and it hurt BAD! I was trying to catch my breath by leaning on the wall opposite and that's when she stepped out of her car, showing all her ugly glory. The conversation went as follows:

EM: WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING? 

Me (coughing): Um... you hit me with your car...

EM: YOU BROKE MY SIDE MIRROR! YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR THAT!

Me: You went onto the pavement, hit ME with it and you expect me to pay?

That's when she walked up to me and punched me in my gut, right where she hit me with her car. Punched me multiple times, rings and all. I swear I coughed up blood. She then noticed my phone and tries to take it.

EM: If you're not going to pay, I'll just take you phone and bracelet as compensation. 

This crossed the line. My phone is one thing but my bracelet is another. That bracelet holds so much value to me. Those who have been reading my stories for a while know that I'm trans. And this (http://imgur.com/gallery/anh8VuQ) bracelet is one that I got from my parents while they were in Tunisia and it says Laura in Arabic. I love this bracelet. 

I resisted as much as I could all the while screaming and that's when I saw another woman (who will be known as Hero)  push her away from me.

EM: HE TOOK MY DAUGHTER'S PHONE AND BRACELET FROM HER! (I saw her daughter in the car, she could not be older than 8. And again, misgendering me...)

Hero: I saw everything. (Turns to me) are you okay?

Me (still coughing): I think so. Although I did cough up blood not too long ago.

Hero: What's your name?

Me: Laura.

Hero: I'll call an ambulance (turns to EM) I suggest you leave before I make you.

EM: But... he...

Hero: NOW!

The EM left, I went to the hospital. I didn't have any serious injuries but she left a massive purple bruise on my stomach. While at the hospital, Hero said that she took a pic of her registration plate and will report her to the police. 

We exchanged phone numbers and she stayed with me until I could leave the hospital, which was late last night. Still feeling in pain but it's not as bad as what it was.

Edit 1: I spoke with Hero about details and went to the police station with the evidence and information we have and locate the EM. Said that if we could get a court case sometime in August. Late July at the earliest. Once a date has been confirmed, I shall let you know.

Edit 2: I got a call from my local police station. The EM has been found, charges were pressed and got a confirmed court date being August 7th. We've both been to the station for separate interrogations and Hero will be accompanying me as my key witness. Apparently there are others as well but I'm not sure who they are. I'll update if anything happens between now and then./n  

Hi everyone, so I am a first time Reddit user, I decided to make a reddit post of my own personal experience with an entitled parent after finding a few entitles parent YouTube videos. The EP in this story was actually my (then) wife, and it is was a factor in what caused us to divorce.

So as a starter, my wife who I will call Emily was always a bit entitled, as she had grown up with wealthy parent’s and truly was one of those “Keep me in a lifestyle to which I have become accustomed” types. I accepted that because I knew it was her parents that had made her this way, and that these learned behaviours could be unlearned just by existing in real life, and she truly had a wonderful side, she could be generous, and loving, and truly cared about the people she allowed into her life. I think this also played into her entitled parent status though, because she expected others to be as generous as she could be, and was fiercely and blindly protective of our children, unable to see how she/ they are in the wrong until after the fact when I had explained it to her in great and excruciating detail. All this to say, she had a big disconnect between how she should behave and her expectations of others, vs what is actually appropriate, and realistic expectations of strangers. With that picture painted, here’s what happened.

We were at Tesco’s with my youngest daughter who has mild autism, and struggles to understand social situations. You may also know that people with autism have a distorted sense of self, and can be very self-centred. My daughter collects Funko Pops, and is currently obsessed with Harry Potter, she needed the Luna Lovegood with the lion headdress one, and every time we went into Tesco’s she would run to the toy aisle to see if they had it. We could have ordered it online, but we promised to get her it if it was there, and this hope made it far easier to manage having her end whatever activity she was doing at home, and to get her in the car. She struggles with transitions, and these can be hugely stressful for her. 

So on this occasion, we arrive at Tesco’s and she runs right to the aisle. We follow behind at a distance to allow her time to browse without us looking over her shoulder. She’s been out of site for no longer than a minute when we hear her scream. We both ran over in a panic and find my daughter trying to pry the coveted pop out of another young girls hands. This young girl is in a wheelchair, and clearly has severe learning difficulties. I know you will judge my daughter here, but please do keep in mind that she has autism and associated learning disabilities herself. The girl in the wheelchair is trying to hold the pop out of reach, and her mum is standing to the side of her, trying to get between my daughter and hers without touching my daughter. A trying task. My wife stomps over and immediately starts on the mother “Don’t you dare touch my daughter” the Mum, with the patience of a saint looks at my wife and says “I’m not, I am trying to stop her hurting my daughter” I get a bit annoyed at this, because my daughter has never been violent with anyone, but can see why she would make this assumption given what was happening. My wife did not see this. She instantly started shouting “how dare you, what do you think she is, some kind of monster, she would never hurt an R\*\*\*\*ded person she just wants the pop, if you would just give it to her, she would leave you alone. “ she looks at the girl and says “give it to her now” the mum instantly steps into my wife’s face and very calmly warns my wife that if she calls her daughter that again, she will beat the shit out of her. My wife looks at me for help, but I just look at here. The truth is I was about to intervene on behalf of the mother. I was so full of rage at my wife at this point that she would call a child this, given our own daughters issues, and how upset she (my daughter) had gotten when she had been called this in the past. I knew right then that this woman I had chosen to marry was a vile human being. They argued back and forth for a little while with no real resolution meanwhile, I have grabbed and picked up my daughter to stop her trying to get to the young girl with the pop. The argument was pretty mundane the usual things you’d expect, the mother explaining why she didn’t have to give up the toy as her daughter had picked it up first (we later found out there was loads left on the shelf, it wasn’t even the only one) and my then wife had the audacity to tell this woman that my daughter needed it because she has autism and her daughter didn’t. At this point I got fed up of listening and did intervene. I cut my wife off and apologized profusely to the mother, and offered to buy her daughter the pop. She not-so-politely, but also understandably, declined. As she made her way away my wife began screaming at me about how I should have defended her, and how I was out of order for not. I explained to my wife that I would have nothing to say to her until we got to the car. Noticed the remaining Luna pops, and let my daughter choose another. My wife followed me around, trying to engage me in conversation but I ignored her for the most part, and reiterated that I had no intention of speaking to her. I had never been so disgusted by anyone in my life, and the idea that this woman was the mother of my child made me feel sick. I later explained to her why she was wrong, and she began to get it, but the damage had been done. I could not be with someone who would use that word to describe someone who had it even worse than our daughter. We ended up divorcing over something else some weeks later, but in the back of my mind then, and now this was the beginning of the end.

I know this didn’t have much of a climactic conclusion, but I wanted to share as I think you guys will all find it interesting enough. 

I'm hugely shocked at the attention this has gotten, and I'm glad that the majority of you fine folks seem to agree with the action I chose to take. However a couple of quick edits to update everyone.
For this asking why she still got the toy I'll copy and paste a reply I offered someone else who asked earlier -  I had to have a think about it before I got her the pop. Had things not escalated they way they did I would have explained to her why her behaviour was wrong, had her apologize, and then explain back to me why her behaviour was wrong before I even considered it. However with the way things had happened, I decided that it would be unfair to not get it for her when it was not her fault that things had escalated and I had been prevented from going through that process with her. It was made abundantly clear though that A) this was not a reward and B) that her behaviour was unacceptable

For those asking about custody, we share custody but that's a whole other story. If you can point me in the direction of a subreddit where a story of someone trying to prevent sharing custody would be appropriate, I'll post there. Or maybe I'll add it here but not right now because I'm on my phone right now and wouldn't want to type it all out.

Also, cuestar just covered this in a video which I thought was quite cool as it was his videos that even let me know this subreddit exists./nCurrently my wife is transitioning from social worker to dog trainer in the hopes of training assistance/companion animals for people with the need, As someone who suffers from anxiety herself she knows how good a trained assistance dog can be in stressful situations.

&#x200B;

This story takes place at an off leash dog beach close to where we live.

&#x200B;

My DW has the has just finished work and has decided to take our dog (Cavalier King Charles Spaniel) to the local off leash beach for an impromptu training session/play time. On arrival she moves to a relatively quiet section of the beach, and starts running the dog through some drop-stays and recalls, and other things that are good to reinforce in a high distraction environment, with lots of other of leash dogs and people around. After maybe 10mins she releases the pup to have a run and a play with the other dogs and sits down on the beach to watch him play, occasionally recalling him to reinforce the behaviour before letting him explore and play again.

&#x200B;

As she is sitting there watching she is approached  by a father who is with a couple of kids, which isn't odd for this particular off leash area, as it isn't too far from the main beach. the convo goes as follows:

&#x200B;

EF for entitled father, W for wife

&#x200B;

EF: That is an amazingly well trained dog you have there!

W: Thanks, I'm actually a dog trainer, but it helps that he loves to learn.

EF: I'm not usually a fan of smaller dogs, but that one is seems pretty smart.

W: Haha! Yeah, well its taken a while to get him there, but he is doing great.

They both watch him play for a minute or so and make more small talk, my wife still recalling him every so often.

EF: How is he with kids?

W: Ohh he loves them, he loves any attention, but he really loves playing with children.

EF nods watching his kids play with the dog

EF: How much would you want for him?

W: Laughs thinking he is joking, Some days I'd re-home him for free, but seriously I couldn't live without him

EF: Laughs. No, but seriously. how much? I've never seen a small dog that I like as much as him.

W: Laughs again, nervously this time. Honestly, I could never part with him.

EF: You're a dog trainer though, you could always train yourself another dog.

W: Starting to get worried now, Or you could get a dog and bring him along to our training centres and we could help you train him?

EF: But I really like your dog, and I don't generally like small dogs, and he is already trained, so come on, don't be unreasonable, how much for him? I can get you cash within the hour.

W: Getting up as she is feeling uncomfortable, He is not for sale! Please stop asking!

EF: Come on.. please? Look how much my kids like him?  Gesturing to his kids, playing with a pack of assorted dogs, including ours.

EF: I'll pay you, I'll give you more than he is worth?

W: For the last time NO! I am not selling you my dog! Now please leave me alone!

&#x200B;

She starts to move toward the carpark and  calls the dog to put him on his leash so she can leave.

As the dog runs up the beach, EF trys to grab him by the collar, misses spectacularly and gets a face full of sand. W gets him back on his leash, and gets to the carpark before having a small panic attack standing at the back of her car. A couple of the regulars see her and calm her down and she tells them the story, but by then EF and his kids have gone.

&#x200B;

We go back a few days later together, and there is a printed notice on the beach entrance asking people to be vigilant as a man was sighted trying to take peoples dogs.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thanks for the Silver! Also Dog Tax - [https://imgur.com/a/ABI8v9X](https://imgur.com/a/ABI8v9X)/nSo, my uncle recently got remarried, so that reminded me of an incident that happened with his son was very young. Now, I used to have a very decent relationship with my uncle. He was the youngest of my dad's siblings, and born almost fifteen years after my dad. He was always kind of a wild child, but when he had a son, he really settled down.

For the proceed of this story, my uncle with be EU, my cousin as EB, and I'm, of course, me.

So, during the summer, we all head over to my aunt's farm during the summer. This year, Spider-Man 3, the Tobey Maguire one, had just come out. Now, I was still pretty young, about 13 at the time. EB was about 8, being quite a bit younger than me. Now, I was a late bloomer and just hit that wave of puberty where girls sprout up like weeds. We were talking about Spider-Man and how it was his favourite movie. I liked it too, so I tried to talk to him about it. He got upset and said girls couldn't like Spider-Man. EB says I've probably never seen it I just roll my eyes and describe the plot to him and he gets really mad. But, for now, he simmers.

Later, EB asks me to come outside and push him on the swing, and I do. Once again, I'm much bigger than him so I can push him pretty high. Now, it was apparently his plan to show me that he was a boy and much stronger than me, so when he offered to push me on the swing, I accepted. He wasn't strong enough to get me very far. This enraged him. I tried to explain to him because I'm so much bigger than him, I weigh a lot more, but EB was having none of it. He runs off into my aunt's garage and comes back with a wood baseball bat.

I'm so shocked the first swing hits me clean in the stomach. The second was not to lucky. I'm bigger than him and pissed because I just coughed up half the orange pop I'd been drinking before. I grab that bat, wrenching it from his hand. I tell him, "Never hit me again" and apparently I'm so scary in that moment that he runs inside and gets his dad.

EU storms out and the following occurs:

EU: What did you do to my son?!  
Me, sputtering: He- Ah, he hit me!  
EU: Why is he crying?!  
Me: I didn't let him...?  
EU: And why not? He was just playing?  
Me: He hit me with a bat!

Not long after that, the rest of my family came down. My dad and uncle talked and we just went about the rest of the night normally, except I was told I had to stay by my mom. During the half hour drive back to our home, my dad was pissed and told me my uncle tried to have me not just sent home (which meant the whole family would have to leave), but he wanted my banned from family gathering from there on. The fact my cousin admitted to everyone exactly what happened, as he saw nothing wrong with his actions, saved me from a lot of trouble. Naturally, I wasn't, but my uncle was always super wary of me whenever I was around from then on./n
Edit - I don't think I can reply to everyone! As a side note, I've been previously diagnosed with chronic migraines, but now due to being pregnant, I can't take my Topamax. My doc actually suggested I keep drinking coffee (in limited quantities) to keep migraines at bay. Yes, the second coffee was free, since my first was tossed in the trash. No, no one said anything to her, but I'm not surprised. People don't get involved in stuff anymore. 

Edit 2 - Y'all I'm not naturally clever enough for the pun in the title 🤣 I can't take credit. Someone else pointed it out to me before I saw what I'd done. 

TLDR: Crazy lady wanted to take away my coffee because I'm pregnant, and I yelled at her. 

Let me start by saying I'm 36w - and it's very obvious I'm pregnant. I'm huge. Massive. Uncomfortable. Tired and grumpy.

I am currently at my local chain coffee shop, sitting now, with my effing cup of coffee that had to be remade, because some random grandmother decided that, as I'm pregnant, I shouldn't be allowed to have caffeine. Full story:

I've ordered the coffee (just a grande cold brew, nothing crazy), and am standing at the end of the counter waiting. The barista calls my name and drink order. I go to take it.

Grandma (GM) - You can't have that.

I didn't know she was talking to me, so I continue to reach for my cup.

GM - YOU CAN'T HAVE THAT YOU'RE PREGNANT

Me - It's one cup, it's fine.

GM - NO YOU CAN'T HAVE IT YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED (takes cup *from my hand* and drops it, full, into the trash next to the counter)

Me - You cannot be serious. It's fine. My doctor even says it's fine. (I looked at the barista, who is just standing there, mouth agape. She let's me know she'll make me another).

Me, to GM - Please leave me alone. I'm tired, and want my coffee. I get one cup a day, this is it. Please go away.

GM, banshee screaming at this point - NO YOU CAN'T HAVE IT YOU'RE PREGNANT IT WILL MAKE YOU HAVE THE BABY NOW YOU CAN'T DO IT I WON'T LET MY DAUGHTER DO IT EITHER BUT SHE DRINKS IT ANYWAY AND IF I CAN'T SAVE HER I'LL SAVE YOU INSTEAD (I don't think she breathed during this at all. Also, what? Save me?)

Me, looking around for help because I'm not good at confrontation and she's making me panic - Please stop. *looking at barista, pleading for help with my every thought* I'll just take that directly when you're done.

Barista hands me my cup directly, and this insane woman *GOES TO TAKE IT FROM ME AGAIN*

So I yelled. For her to stop trying to come near me. I literally, loudly (and even now have a bit of a shake from doing it), shouted PLEASE LEAVE ME ALONE. YOU'RE MAKING ME UNCOMFORTABLE AND I DON'T WANT YOU THIS CLOSE.

She stopped, did this fish mouth gaping thing, went "UGH FINE" and left. The barista gave me a drink coupon and apologized for the stress, but goodness. How can someone think that's OK?/nOkay, here's some context: I live next door to an elderly couple, two really sweet people. The husband, let's call him BE for blind elder, is a blind old man of about seventy, his wife, let's call her SG for Sweet Granny, was sick one day so I offered to take BE to the store to get some stuff. (Entitled Dad is ED)

I help BE into his car after saying goodbye to SG and I drive him to the store. BE always tells jokes about his condition, laughing as though he could care less about the fact that he can't see.

When we get to the store I help him out of the car and inside, allowing him to put a hand on my shoulder so I can be his eyes. We manage to buy what we need and get to the lunch meat since they needed some, each meat I grab as a sample I hand to BE, letting him feel to see if it's the perfect size.

While he's feeling the salami I heard someone clear his throat in a rude way, I turn around and find myself face-to-face with ED, ED is an average looking middle-aged man with barely any hair on his head, his kids are two twin boys who are around age seven. ED starts asking us to hurry up and asks why BE is touching the meat that way.

I quickly explained that my neighbor is blind, causing the dad to shake his head and say something about him and his kids were in a hurry. BE eventually turns around and hands me the meat he had been feeling.

Then the dad gets impatient.

ED: He's probably faking it, he seems way too confident.

BE just let out a laugh and had the look of "I'm gonna scare him" then to my amusement BE takes off his sunglasses to show his eyes, causing the dad to back up as my neighbor stumbles towards him with his hands outstretched yelling about how someone turned off the lights and how the world has been thrown into eternal darkness.

The dad and his kids run like scared dogs, causing my neighbor to laugh so loud that he has tears in his eyes. He put his sunglasses back on and we continued shopping.

When we got back to the house BE started telling his wife what had happened and how he made a big tough dad pee his pants in fear./nThis was 10 years ago so I don’t remember it very well but my mom and my Nana have told me the story many times
Key
Mom-my mom
Nana-my grandmother
Me-me
EM-entitled mom
EK-entitled kid

So for my bday in 2009 my mom decided to take me to Oklahoma to meet some of her family we went by plane as it would be quick and we would be there by my birthday. On this plane my mom paid about $15 more to have the seats with tv screens on the back of the seat in front of you so I wouldn’t be scared about being on a plane. Now this was a couple months after the movie Coraline came out. It was and arguably still is my favorite movie. So it was on the movie list and my mom let me watch it. I put on the headphones provided as to not disturb anymore passengers. A little while had gone by and it was starting to get to the point where it was a little bit scarier. I could hear through the headphones but not very well but all I know is I heard a girl start screaming, coincidently it was one of the scary parts of the movie. I flinched at the scream being pretty young and paused the movie and pushed the headphones off my ears. I don’t remember the exact conversation but my mom said it went like this:

EK:*still screaming* 

EM:it’s ok darling it’s alright YOU! *turns to my mom* HOW DARE YOU PUT ON SUCH A SCARY MOVIE FOR YOUR CHILD?! ITS SCARING POOR EK. TURN IT OFF! NOW!

Now the EK was older than me. I was 4 at the time and the girl was about 8 or 9 according to my mom

Mom:I shouldn’t have to cater to other passengers, I paid a bit extra for these seats and I want my child to enjoy it. If your kid is scared she doesn’t have to watch. 

EM:She’s bored!! Just because we aren’t rich like you doesn’t mean she has to be bored the whole time!! Now turn it to a more kid friendly movie so EK can watch or I’ll get the pilot!

Nana:Miss these seats were only $15 extra. If you didn’t want your kid to be bored you should’ve paid. Get the pilot but we are not changing the movie. OP you can keep watching. 

So being young and not really understanding I put my headphones on but I could still hear the muffled argument going on. Anyway apparently EM presses the service button and yelled at the flight attendant to see the pilot. Now since the pilot obviously had to control the plane the co-pilot came to the woman

CP:what seems to be the problem miss?

EM:THOSE HORRIBLE WOMEN WONT CHANGE THEIR CHILDS MOVIE TO SOMETHING LESS SCARY SO MY LITTLE EK CAN WATCH!

CP:they paid extra for those seats unfortunately so they don’t have to do anything beside what the want to

EK:mommy!! I don’t like that movie!

EM:I know darling mommy’s handling it. WELL EK IS BORED. CAN WE GET AN UPGRADE AT LEAST?!

CP:I’ll see what I can do. 

Now my mom was PISSED that this woman might be getting a free upgrade besides being a terrible person. But because my mom is respectful she didn’t say anything. The CP came back and started talking to the woman. 

CP-there are three extra seats in first class with tv screens and complimentary drinks. Is this good?

EM:*already standing up* yes that is wonderful. Thank you. 

CP:Ok *turns to my mom* would you and your other two guests like to be moved?

Mom:us?

CP:yes we’d like to give you an upgrade for having to deal with rude behavior

EM stood there absolutely SHOCKED as my mom of course agreed. We enjoyed our time in first class as I got free refills on apple juice the rest of the flight and watched my movies in peace



Edit:HOLY SHIT! I didn’t expect to get that many likes! Thank you!
Edit again: omg. So this story is in Rslash’s newest video!! Thank you!/nFINAL UPDATE: Thank you to moderator Bobsun Dugnutt for helping sort all of this out. I'll leave photos up for those who want to see the jacket. And for those who want to refute this story... Feel free to call me a liar, people are allowed their own opinions. In the end I'm glad people are enjoying my (albeit very tame) recountings. Once more thank you for whoever gave me a silver, it's actually my first and thank you guys for the upvotes :)

[https://imgur.com/3bpxvHJ](https://imgur.com/3bpxvHJ)

[https://imgur.com/FnhCAiz](https://imgur.com/FnhCAiz)

&#x200B;

Hey there, I posted recently about an issue between another incident between myself and entitled parents and while discussing it with a buddy earlier I realized I had another story to share.

So to explain I was given for my birthday a wrangler brand jean jacket, and upon getting this jacket I took it upon myself to start *hand sewing* patches onto the jacket that I was gifted or had collected myself. This included a few video game patches, firearms company patches (ruger, Remington, Federal, etc.) and quite a few racing patches. I enjoy racing cars and have a number of patches for brands I support or I purchased parts from including summit, turbo blue, holley, etc.

&#x200B;

Now this jacket in the condition it's in now is not cheap. To actually re-create it is probably a good couple hundred bucks because a number of the patches are older/rare and hard to get your hands on anymore. So obviously I wear this jacket everywhere and make sure all of the patches are tightly stitched to the fabric to prevent theft, loss, etc. (I will use a seam ripper to remove velcro from removable patches just so I can sew them right to the jacket).

&#x200B;

So as usual I'd slipped my jacket on and gone out to get lunch after class. I wear my jacket everywhere and just about every day on campus and especially when I race, it even has my handle "Smokey" stitched into it as this is what the people I race with call me. So parking my daily in the McDonalds parking lot I hopped out, locked my truck and pocketed my keys. Entering the building I noticed a few families but didn't pay them any mind. I just walked to the counter, waited for the mother and her daughter who couldn't have been any older than 16 or so to finish their order. When they were done I requested two cheeseburgers and a coke for there at the restaurant.

&#x200B;

As I was getting my drink the mother walked up to me and started asking me about the patches, I'm used to this as a number are local brands and those that aren't people question why I wear them and I proudly explain my reasoning. this is how *this* conversation went

EM = entitled mom

Me = Me

EB = entitled brat

EM: you have such a lovely jacket, Could you please tell me what *racing fuel patch* is for?

Me: Of course, It's a racing fuel I use for my car. I'm a small time racer here locally and I support their brand for making a wonderful product.

EB: You can't be a racer, you're too fat.

To put it bluntly I'm not the thinnest person in the world. I'm very broadly built and I carry a bit of a gut I'm not entirely proud of.

Me: Anyone can be anything if they put their mind to it.

I smiled at this young woman and this seemed to end the brief conversation so I walked to the counter and collected my food and sat down to eat. I figured this would be the end of this conversation and encounter. I wish I learned from reading this subreddit.

As I was finishing up my second sandwich and started to throw my trash away i felt something pull on my jacket. I didn't really think anything about it until I noticed that the tugging sharply changed into a jerking motion like someone was trying to pull the jacket off of me. Turning around I noticed the that the young woman was trying to get my attention tugging on the hem of my jacket.

Me: Can I help you?

EB: Could I try your jacket on please?

Me: I'm sorry no I'd really rather not take it off. It has sentimental value.

EB: Please? Just for a minute? What's the harm? I'll give you a kiss if you do.

Me: Again, I'd really rather not, while your offer is sweet I have to get back to campus for my classes and like I said, this jacket is very special to me.

From here things got odd as things went from normal to the girl screaming "RAPE!" right there in the middle of this dinky McDonalds. And suddenly all eyes are one me and this girl. The mother of course is already dialing 911 as the girl keeps saying stuff about how I tried to molest her and was trying to rape her, all while I'm backing away from her saying I didn't even touch her. And I guess the mother figured now was a good time to amp the lies up.

EM: If you didn't touch her why'd you take her boyfriend's jacket pervert?!

Me: What the hell are you talking about? I walked in here wearing this jacket!

EM: No you didn't, her boyfriend gave her that jacket. She wouldn't take it off for anyone! Now you're trying to steal from her too?!

And then the manager comes out, hearing the claims of rape suddenly I'm being detained until the en-route officers can sort out this mess and the mother is still screaming into the phone with the operator and the daughter is now bawling about how I groped her. Honestly writing this I'm so freaking angry at this point how there's basically no evidence yet I have to remain to keep things from looking worse than they already do.

&#x200B;

So the cops arrive and of course still the same story from before "He stole her jacket and then started trying to rape her". And the minute the word rape showed up I was in cuffs and oddly enough, the coat was removed. The cop then walked me out to her cruiser to get my information and figure out the full story, having taken the mother and daughter's statements already

PO = police officer

PO: Sir do you have ID on you today?

Me: Yes ma'am it's in my wallet in my front pocket.

PO: And can you please explain to me what happened on your side?

Me: Yes ma'am. I came in to have lunch, I spoke shortly with the girl's mother about my jacket and the patches. Afterwards the daughter asked to try on my jacket. When I told her no she ended up screaming rape and the mother started saying I'd stolen the jacket.

PO: Sir can you prove that this jacket belongs to you.

Here I was a little worried, the jacket is actually only branded with my racing title "Smokey" and not my legal name, but I remembered about that point that yes I did have a way to prove it.

Me: Yes Ma'am please would you get out my wallet.

As the officer pulled out my wallet I directed her attention to the stitching I'd done on it which also had my racing title on it in bright orange matching the three or four places on my patches and the jacket that said the same.

In the end the mother and daughter were charged with inciting panic and falsifying a police report. I did get off basically scott free though i was warned to in the future have my name stitched into articles of clothing that might enter this issue again. After this I stitched my name in underneath a velcro patch to make sure you could always know it was mine without someone directly seeing it (ie only I knew so someone couldn't say pull out the thread and remove my name from the coat).

&#x200B;

I apologize for the length and rather anti-climatic end. This was luckily a less crazy situation and I tried to keep it as short as I could. Hope this is a learning lesson for everyone to put your name in things that are important to you./nSo this story happened a few days ago and I needed to post this. Yee I'm on mobile and forget to add periods to sentences.

So as none of you know I can not be vaccinated because of reasons and also I'm extremely Allergic to fragrance so no essential oils (not like they do anything)

I was walking back from a normal check up from the doctor and while I was going out the door a saw a woman and her daughter peddling some anti vax propaganda then she walks up to me

Em: are you vaccinated

Me: actually no I can't vaccinate

Em: you lucky devil so no one can force you to vax that's would be a dream for my daughter imagine they would still accept her for not being up to date

Me: well ok then I got to go

Em: wait here is a gift for opening my eyes on your condition

[Em hands me some essential oils]

Me: sorry but I'm allergic to those

Daughter like a frickin sales person: actually these oils have been proven to have no bad side effects

Em: just try them

[Em starts to forcefully apply the oils for me to then break out in a rash]

Em: you liar

Me: excuse me what

Em: You have obviously been vaxxed rash is the most common effect of vaccines 

The rash was starting to get worse by the second so I ran off and let's just say I saw my doctor twice today

Edit: The Hospital was told that the EM was there and they got kicked out. 

Edit 2 electric boogaloo: for those saying why did I not swat her hand away I did but damage was still done

/nSo I just got home from the gun range, and my experience today was something that I HAD to share!

So, here's what happened;

I arrived at the gun range after receiving my new VEPR 7.62x39, and I also decided to bring my handgun to brush up on my holster draw skills. Everything was going as normal: bought a good amount of ammo, signed some papers, put my ear pro on and headed outside to the shooting area. I was pleasantly surprised to see a mother and her young child, maybe six years old, on the range. He had a little Cricket .22LR rifle, and I thought \*"Good to teach them while they're young!"\*

After I sat down and loaded my magazine, I started to fire at some of the closer targets to make sure my sights were correct. After a little bit of fiddling with that, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned and it's nobody else but EP, with the most fake smile I have ever seen.

EP: "Excuse me, can you fire something that's not as big and loud? It's scaring my son."

I looked over to her son and he looked fine, but I simply smiled and said, "I'm sorry, but it's a gun range. You'll just have to deal with it."She gave me the look of "Did you REALLY just talk back to me?" and walked away, huffing. I thought that was the end of that.

Nope.

I couldn't even get through another full magazine before EP came up and GRABBED MY RIFLE, attempting to wrench it away from me, which caused a negligent discharge. When the rifle fired she let go and screamed, slapping me pretty hard.

EP: "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! ARE YOU TRYING TO SHOOT ME, YOU FUCKING PSYCHO?!"Me: "What are YOU doing, lady? Coming up and grabbing my gun like that?!"

She continued screaming obscenities at me before one of the workers of the range quickly came out, asking what was going on.

EP: "This IDIOT just tried to shoot me and my child after I told him his stupid gun was too loud! Who needs something that big, anyway?!"Me: "You GRABBED my fucking rifle while I was shooting, dumbass!"

The worker tried to calm the both of us down, and I proceeded to walk back to my rifle, unloading it and keeping my distance. He told the EP that he will check the security footage, and if that was indeed the case, he will immediately call the police. Before he went and checked the footage, he had his manager come over and get my side of the story, and to watch me in case I did try anything.

A few minutes pass and said worker comes back, telling the woman that her and her child need to leave IMMEDIATELY. She threw an absolute fit, saying how "people don't need big guns like that" and "it was scaring her and her child." She ended up grabbing the child and DRAGGING HIM BEHIND HER as she stormed to her car and drove off.

After I got home I thought this story was too good not to share, and I know nothing spectacular happened, but here you go anyway. :)

EDIT 3: Removed the "reward speeches" as I guess not very many people like to see that. My bad :(/nTL;DR Stepmother wears white to a wedding, bride tells her she's rude

So I was at a wedding today that was a mess from the word go. The bride was beautiful, it was hot as hell, and yet she still shone.

 Her groom was 35 minutes late TO THE WEDDING VENUE, but she didn't let that bother her. 

Their kids (they were married before to each other,) kept talking and walking around, once the 3 year old almost toppled into the pond. The bride was graceful and all smiles.

 It was mentioned that this was an unplugged wedding, but her dad, and his mom BOTH stood up and took photos interrupting the ceremony. The bride laughed and carried on. 

 It appeared it was going to be a perfect day, then she saw her step mom. The 70-something lady was wearing a white gown!!!! Who does that shit? Seriously! I was appalled by it, and I even text messaged my husband (who wasn't there,) beforehand to tell him! The bride refused (understandably,) to talk to the lady! She (the entitled mother,) made a huge deal that "MY DAUGHTER won't talk to me today, and it BREAKS MY HEART!"

 The bride was epic though, she finally looked at the 70+ baby, and said "My 3 year old knows that you don't make scenes like that in public without repercussions!" The EM acted shocked and said "Well I don't know what you mean!" The beautiful bride just said "You know full well that you don't wear white to a wedding, so sit down, shut up, and have fun, or leave!" I was impressed! 

Not as climatic as some, but it was amazing in person!

Edit: There seems to be some confusion, so I'll attempt to clear a few things up.

1. I am not the bride, I haven't been a bride in well over a decade


2. I realize in some cultures this is not a big deal, even within the USA, however in my area of the United States, this is considered rude, and disgusting behavior, and since her stepmother has been her stepmom for 20+ years, she knew this wasn't appropriate. It is commonly known by the MAJORITY of people that women don't wear all white gowns to a wedding. It was not a traditional ball gown, but a gown nonetheless. White is reserved for the bride only, and it's considered rude, and a slight to the bride to wear white.


3. I worded it poorly, it should've read "Their kids..." as the 40+ year old couple were married before to each other, and had multiple children together


4. This is indeed my experience, I'm sure there's been other stories about people wearing white, maybe even a mom/mother-in-law/stepmom/cousin/sister/friend, but I experienced this yesterday, if were going to rip off someone else's story it would've been more epic than the daughter just telling her stepmother to shut up, seriously!


5. I wrote this on my cell, sounds like the formatting blew, sorry, I don't post much on here! So I updated my formatting and added TL;DR/nI just got this message and I am PISSED!

So backstory: the EP in this story is my own father, let me tell you, he is one of the worst people on the planet. His crimes include:

-Murder of my pet rabbit (I was 7)

-Abuse of me and my mom (separately so she didn’t find out)

-Theft (before and after my mom and he separated)

-Attempted kidnapping of me (just after she separated from him)

-Drugging and rape of my mom 

So really bad guy, right? Thankfully my mom kicked him out when I was 11 when he mistakenly hit me when she was still home. After that I had to have meetings with him until I was 15 (she had full custody but I wasn’t allowed to choose not to see him until I turned 15, I’m not sure why), he used these meetings to attempt to gain pity points. Saying my mom was an “evil b**** who was brainwashing me to hate him”, which was not true in the least, he also kept not showing up for meetings so he could have dates with women from his drug addiction group (he was addicted to crack, this is the excuse as to why he stole), and if he gave me anything it was always used as leverage against me. 

This situation f***ed me up so badly that I developed ptsd and an eating disorder where I’d binge eat, I still have major issues with trusting men, I have barely dated.

Anyway, on to the situation: my mom died of complications from getting a dialysis put in to drain off excess fluid after a week in a coma (Lyme disease), this was on November 30 which is his birthday. I got a message from his sister which passed on a message from him (I have a restraining order from him and have blocked him on social media), saying that the reason my mom died on that day was because she would want us to see each other and I should stop blaming him for stuff he did years ago (my aunt isn’t the bad guy, she understands that I can’t forgive him). 

I don’t understand how a person can be that f###ed up mentally, to attempt to emotionally manipulate using the death of their mother. I’m crying while typing this, if for some reason he reads this then I say “f### you!”


I’m sorry that this wasn’t funny or if it sounded like I was ranting, I just needed to get it off my chest.

Edit: Thank you for all the love, I don’t know where he lives and don’t want to know. I asked my aunt to tell me if he tried to talk s*** about my mom or me, so not her fault. And I’m 26 so no worries about me living with him.

Thanks for the medals! Whoever gave them are gems! 💕

Update: He just contracted me directly through my old email (I connected my old one to my current one so I wouldn’t miss anything sent to me), I obviously called non-emergency police with the full story. I’m home and slightly wigged out./n  


I am sitting in the lunch room at work eating my soup while watching Fresh Prince on my phone and some woman who I have never met before enters the lunch room, and without even looking drops their baby carrier, diaper bag, and shopping bags (we work across from a mall) at the table where I am eating. 

The baby carrier catches the edge of the bowl, throwing delicious pea soup up into the air and onto the baby carrier and all over one of the shopping bags which had been set down on a chair. It was actually really impressive and I am kind of bummed that no-one else saw it happen. Before the pea soup has even landed, the lady has left the lunch room and is gone to talk to our boss. 

I take a look at the baby and it doesn't look like the baby got any soup on him (her?) and isn't burned, so my good deed for the day is done.    


I leave the mess ( I only have 30 minutes for lunch and this cunt just wasted 10 mins of it, I'm not about to spend the rest of my lunch cleaning her mess) and head out the door to grab some McDonalds across the street.  Wanted to let EM know what she did on my way out, but she was in my bosses office with the doors closed and I was hungry.   


I get back from McDonalds with 1 minute to spare to get back to my desk.  I get back, log in, and immediately my supervisor comes over and gives me the "we're not supposed to eat at our desk" talk and I tell him what happened. He walks over to the lunch room peeks inside.  He chuckles a little then turns back to me.   


"Enjoy your lunch." he says.   


Once I'm about half way through my McChicken, my supervisor tells me to go to the bosses office, so I do.   


My boss and a very pissed off EM are sitting there. 

My Boss asks why I dumped my soup all over EM's things. 

  
"I didn't" 

Boss: Were you the one eating pea soup in the lunch room? 

"Yes"

Boss: So how did EM's stuff get covered in pea soup?  

Me: Well, I was sitting down eating and she walked in and dropped the baby carrier on my food while I was eating it. Soup went everywhere and I wasn't about to spend the rest of my lunch cleaning it or go the rest of the day without eating because some person I've never met is throwing babies around the lunchroom, So I went across the street and bought another lunch. 

Em Gets shrill: He's lying.  He did it on purpose and now all of my new clothes are ruined! He could have burned my baby! You're going to pay me back for everything you destroyed.  The carrier! (already covered in dry puke) The Clothes! (her fault) and my purse! (didn't have a purse) 

ME: What could I possibly gain by dumping soup on your things? You know what? Fuck it. Boss. Just go look under the baby carrier. 

Boss: What's under the baby carrier? 

Me: Proof that she's lying. 

EM gives me the most confused look I have ever seem someone make.  It was a combination of "What are you talking about?" and "why are you doing this to me?" I think she actually thought that I did damaged her stuff on purpose, and she could not believe that SHE could have done something so stupid, which is funny because there has been an unsupervised infant in the lunch room for 30 minutes now. 

EM chases after boss and I am following right behind them.  When we get to the lunch room, a small crowd had gathered around the baby (because of that sweet natural 18 Charisma) and the boss asks everyone to clear out. Boss didn't even have to move the carrier. Sure enough under the carrier, half sticking out they find the paper-towel I had put down as a place matt. The plastic utensils I had set out. The plate I had under my bowl, and the baggie of saltines I had brought in from home.  

My Boss sighs. "EM, go home." 

EM: "What about my stuff?"

Boss: Take your things and go home.  

As it turns out she was one of the supervisors who had been on maternity leave since before I started.  She had come in because her and the boss were friends, and she wanted to come by and show off all the clothes she had bought now that her figure came back. She blew her entire check on clothes that are now covered in pea soup and can't be returned. 

She took my half a McChicken on the way out and threw it in the garbage. 

My boss gave me a McDonalds gift card that she keeps for rewards (most calls, best reviews, ect) and gave me an extra break to go get another McChicken. 

I start supervisor training next week. Glad I won't have to work under EM./nFirst post now that I finally have the karma! Lurking long enough to know the lingo.


Backstory: My daughter is disabled. She has nonverbal autism and TBI (traumatic brain injury) which means she looks relatively normal, but she is profoundly disabled. I rarely take her out into public alone because she is so hard to manage, especially now that she is almost nine. Not only will she not stay with me, she will bolt like a greyhound, scream, rip things open, steal toys from babies and otherwise be an impossible nuisance. For this reason, I almost always order what I need for delivery, including groceries. However life is unpredictable sometimes and I every so often have to brave a trip to the grocery store.


A few years ago, the gods smiled down on me when the local grocery store I prefer started using the Caroline Cart. If you don't know what that is, it's a special cart with a large seat for disabled children who are too big for the toddler seat. They park it with the scooters and wheelchairs with a big blue HANDICAP marker on it so that parents don't mistakenly use it for their older, able-bodied children but admittedly, this doesn't seem to stop them. I see people using it all the time like one of the car carts (carts with a toy car attached for their kids to 'drive' while they shop).


This particular day a few weeks ago, the snow was so heavy and intense that not only was school canceled, but so was my grocery delivery. I would have to go to the store... with my daughter.


As usual, I walked in praying that the Caroline Cart would be available and thank goodness it was. Strapping my daughter into the seat (it has a five point harness) I started shopping. As usual, my first stop was the bakery to get a free cookie. They always hand them out to kids.


I noticed right away that there were a lot of other kids there that day, and assumed that many parents were like me, saddled with their kids during the snow day and unable to get grocery delivery. The bakery was hopping and there were a number of parents and kids waiting for a new batch of cookies to be ready.


One of the mothers seemed particularly harried and I cannot say I blamed her. Her daughter (around age 5) was having a meltdown. She was angry, crying, shouting, demanding a cookie.


EM: They aren't ready yet honey, we just have to wait.


Noticing the glances of everyone around her she looked defensive but apologized saying, "I'm sorry, she's very tired, it's past her nap time." No one said anything, we were all parents, we understood.


My daughter did not like the noise and as she often does when she is irritated, she was 'stimming', that is, flapping her hands or pushing a fist into her ear over and over. I got out her Minnie Mouse phone and handed it to her and she calmed down and started playing with it. Looking over, the EM saw us and looked inexplicably relieved.


EM: Oh thank goodness. That cart wasn't there when we came in, do you mind if I use it? EK is exhausted.


Me: Uh... oh I'm sorry, but my daughter actually needs it. She's disabled.


The EM blinked and looked at my daughter playing quietly with her toy. "She doesn't look disabled. What's wrong with her? Can she walk?"


I was flabbergasted at how insanely rude that was.


Me: Uh... yes, she can walk but she would run off in a hot second. I can't hang onto her and shop at the same time.


EM: So you're using the disabled cart because your daughter doesn't listen to you? Look, she's much older than my little girl and she seems fine, we really need the cart.


She started coming over and I protectively pulled the cart closer to me.


Me: Um no, she has autism-


EM: Jesus everyone has autism. That's not a real disability.


I was pretty pissed at this point.


Me: The cart is for disabled children, like you JUST said, not sleepy children. Why don't you use a car cart?


Her: There AREN'T any car carts! Besides I can't see her in that. Just let me use the cart!!!


The shouting upset my daughter again and she started doing the thing where she punches her ear over and over. It was the first time she looked abnormal and the woman looked visibly distraught and sort of grossed out.


By now, other people were paying more attention and this wonderful older woman said,


W: Ma'am, autism can be a very severe disability. Look, you're upsetting the little girl and the cart is for disabled children. You need to stop now.


I mouthed a silent thank you to the older woman wishing I could go hug her because that was some Wonder Woman level intervention to speak up that way but my daughter was upset so I decided to skip the cookie and just leave, so I turned the cart around and walked off. No one stopped me but the same older woman who had stood up for me saw us waiting in line and insisted I go in front of her so I could get home. I was so grateful!


My little girl was at that point, possessively clutching the string to a helium balloon I was intending to buy but I was debating how to get it away from her so it could be scanned without making her flip out because you can't just take stuff from her.


The kind old lady saw my struggle and reached out to tear the scan code sticker off the string and put it with HER purchases.


W: I've got it.


She winked at me and my little girl and said, "I think you could use a little extra kindness today."


Me: Oh no! It's an eight dollar balloon really -


W: I insist.


I thanked her profusely and left with tears in my eyes, touched. I love it when people try to make my day a little easier.


Edit: For those commenting on the price of the balloon, yes $8.00 is very high for a balloon but they go as high as $12.00 at that store depending on the size and shape. It was a large balloon in the shape of a teddy bear. My daughter LOVES balloons and I usually get them from the dollar store but we weren't at the dollar store so it was a splurge, mostly because of the EM upsetting her and skipping the cookie.


For those saying the EM wasn't that bad, yes she was. She had no right to rudely demand to know what my daughter's disability was, let alone cut me off before I could finish answering her, and she said autism isn't a real disability. Furthermore, she wanted a cart she KNEW was for disabled children for her daughter because her daughter was 'sleepy'. Not every EM story results in attacks and arrests, thank goodness. Thank you to those showing your support, I really appreciate it!/nBackstory: This happened 5 years ago on my 10th birthday party.   We decided to hold it in “Leo’s Lekeland”, an awesome place to hold birthdays in Oslo Norway. 

So basically there are multiple rooms, Dino room, pirate room, disco room and etc...  outside the rooms was a huge play area which where the most fun was.

With that knowledge we rented the cheapest one, which was the disco room.  
In a nutshell  there was a big ass speaker and a dining table for cake and pictures ,along with a dance floor.   We weren’t planning to play music however.

So my classmates arrive (we were in 5th grade I think) and after an hour of playing I sat down at a nearby seat to take moment to breathe.

Here comes EM(entitled mom) and EK( entitled kid) and me (Batman) .

So I’m just resting and a woman sits a few seats in front of me looking like she just ran 10km.(she’s basically dealing with 15 grade schoolers)

She looks at me for a second and notices the badge that give for birthday kids.(which also has our name on it)

And she goes: “OHHHH YOURE THE ONE WHO RENTED THE DISCO” like she just went through a revelation. (BTW the rooms also have whiteboard with the invite list and the name and age of the birthday kid near the entrance)

Me: yeah, why are you so shocked

EM: my daughter was waiting all year to dance with her friends on her birthday. But whe didn’t have enough time to rent it.  ( an utter lie, we rented it a week before, she could have rented it for the bday months in advance)

I nod awkwardly and run off to play some more. 

After 45 minutes it was time to cut the cake, we sing songs blah,blah,blah, and while we are eating a blonde girl walks in really annoyed and didn’t say anything.
My parents thought one of my friends had upset her and she was here to tell on them.

While that are asking her “ what’s wrong?” She cuts them off and says: will you be leaving soon, I want to dance!

At this point we have an additional hour to play after we eat.

We laugh and say no, after that all hell breaks loose.  
She runs off sobbing, and returns with the whore I met earlier. 

(The policy in the building is that if a family leaves early, kids  can play in the celebration rooms until the the time of the original renters run out)

She comes in pushes me aside quite harshly and yells at my parents:  CAN YOU DEGENERATES FUCK OFF!

My mom shocked and my dad pissed, they told her to leave so the kids would not get upset.

Moments pass by, and while they are arguing and me starting to cry,  EK runs past her mom and pulls the cheap cloth off the table and and brings everything ( including: food , presents, phones and some other stuff) crashing down.
 
During the aftermath they leave and I’m left crying . 

Not much of the presents were damaged, but the PlayStation portable my cousin got me had a cracked screen .
Every one leaves early with their kids and we are left to clean the mess.

HOWEVER: we talked to the manger Karen style and managed to get the name and number of the EM. 
Three days later we pressed charges for harassment and destruction of property.

1 month later we win the lawsuit, get the money she owed us and more and my parents buys me a new iPad instead,


Jokes on you bitch, i guess you just got me a free iPad

Edit: thank you for the gold, kind stranger.

Edit 2: thank you for the platinum, you legend./n(entitled soon-to be parent?(

A pregnant woman tried to take my taxi despite having seen me waiting outside and having heard me make the call. She even said "waiting for a cab?" To which I replied, "yeah" before I got back to my phone app games to pass the time. About ten minutes pass and my taxi arrives and I head over but the woman says "sorry, but this is my taxi."

The driver asks for me by name and the woman says "that's me." I'm like there's no way you have my name and called the same cab company (I call an unpopular taxi company because I'm friends with a few of the drivers and this was one of them.) I say "but I called it" and she's opening the door already. The driver literally says "hey so this is her taxi" pointing to me.

The woman looks upset and says "but I'm pregnant! I really did call this taxi, too! And ___ really is my name!! She's trying to steal my taxi."

I don't even know this woman and I'm getting really, really upset because I've worked a long day and don't need this.

The driver and I exchange frustrated looks since he knows me and he knows I called and then he says "alright, I'll use my phone to see who called my cab." He uses call recognition and dials the number. My phone goes off. The pregnant woman now tries a new tactic: racism.

"ALL OF YOU PAKIS (he's from East India) ARE THE SAME YOU'LL BELIEVE ANYONE WHO GIVES YOU A DOLLAR"

Anyway, I scooted around to the other side to get in behind the driver while he kept all of the other doors locked so she couldn't get in. She was furious and yelling the whole time and my driver starts pulling out and says to me, "I would have happily taken her to where she wanted to go with you but at this point I'm just going to tell everyone to avoid her."

He took her picture to warn his fellow drivers about her racism and potentially threatening behaviour (since by the end she was threatening to break windows) and I went the hell home.

Edit: there has been confusion. She, the white woman being racist, called the East Indian driver a "Paki." It is very common around here for white people to call anyone who looks remotely like they're of a browner skin tone a "Paki." It's racist and disgusting. She was disgusting for doing it./nOn mobile. 

Back story: Was on a plane back from vacation, my mom and I were sat in a row of three and had a spare seat. EM wanted me to swap with her so she could get two seats to herself while and I would sit with HER HUSBAND AND KID. 

Cast: EM: Curley hair, fat but not obese, that special type of “I’m on a cheap flight but I’m better than all of you” bitchiness. 

Mom: my mom 

Me: I fucking cringe so much when people go “ooo don’t know who that is” “haha you know who teehee” fuck off its me. 

FA: the most useless tit I’ve ever met, flight attendant. 


So, we were in the air, the seatbelt sign was off and we are free to roam about. The flight had a couple spare seats from what I could see, including the one next to me. My mom and I had booked the middle and window seat but I moved to sit in the aisle so we would have more space. The woman sat in front, EM, continuously whipped her head round to stare at me for a few seconds. I tried to ignore her but it was fucking weird. 

After twenty minutes of her turning round to stare at me every few seconds, she eventually tapped me ON THE HEAD. She TAPPED ME ON MY HEAD by reaching over the seat. 

EM: Excuse me (her tone was very severe) 

Me: Yes? Hi? (I was very tired and tried but tried to be polite) 

EM: Swap seats with me. 

She maintained eye contact the whole time. I took a few minutes to respond because I was just dumbfounded.

Me: I’m with my mom I’d rather not...

EM: you’ve got a spare seat, I want spread out and relax, swap with me. 

Me: No, please leave me alone. 

EM: That’s NOT how you speak to an adult!

She got a little loud, enough to turn heads and disturb my mom who asked if I was okay. 

EM: Swap with me, I need to sit there and you can sit next to my child. You can play with him. 

The child looked around five. I am 18. 

Me: please leave-

EM: MOVE RIGHT NOW! 

This turned EVERYONES head, made me so embarrassed and was loud enough to summon a flight attendant. (Mid thirties male).

FA: is everything alright here? 

He spoke directly to EM, completely ignoring me. 

EM: that boy won’t move! He’s got two seats to himself and he- 

My mom interjected, loudly, at this point. 

Mom: I, actually have two seats to myself. Both of which I paid for. 
(I was sitting in the aisle seat, which we had not booked). 

The EM didn’t respond to my mom, I think she was intimidated. 

FA: hmm well I’ll see what I can do. 

He then turned to me. Me, who had been listening and present the whole time. 

FA: this woman is asking if you’d be able to swap with her so she could have more space, would you mind?

WOULD I MIND?!

Me: Uh... No I don’t want to swap. 

EM erupted. She started yelling at me, calling me a brat, calling me selfish. My mom was yelling at her back and I honestly was struggling not to laugh at EM because I noticed how her chins *shook* as she shouted. 

The FA during this argument shrinked away, just backed off and fucking left! 

EM, realising she was making a fool of herself: Fine! Selfish fucking brat! 

She sat back down and swung her seat back as much as she could, which was fine because it was literally a couple inches and I had plenty of space. My mom asked if I was okay and if I wanted her to make the EM move. I said I was fine. EM started making huffing noises. I ignored her, put in my earphones and the rest of the flight was fine. 

When we landed, EM made sure to get up like a rocket and block the walkway so I couldn’t get out the aisle. I however, was feeling petty. I stood up, shuffled over and said “you don’t mind do you?” Then barged into the walkway in a way that looked accidental. She stumbled into someone else who promptly launched her back into her seat. It was hilarious, like watching a ping pong ball. She didn’t move after that and we got of the plane and never saw her again.



Edit: Wow! Thank you for the platinum and silver. I really appreciate that! I’m glad people have enjoyed my story. Thank you!
Edit: Thank you very much for gold!/nHappened to a male co-worker of mine. I'm never on cash register, but I had the fortune of cleaning something nearby when this occurred and got to witness the fun.

EM-entitled mom, CW-coworker

CW was at his register when EM with her young teen daughter came up with their purchases. He greeted them and about scanning their items. Everything was normal.

Then he picked up a bra to scan and take the hard tag off.

EM: What do you think you're doing??

CW: I'm sorry?

EM: Why are you fondling my daughter's bra???

CW: Oh I need to scan it, that's all.

EM: Get someone else to do it.

CW: I don't understand the problem, ma'am.

At this point the daughter was red in the face and nudging her mom, asking her to let it go.

But no. EM wasn't screaming, but she was definitely being loud. She started calling CW a pervert and indecent, saying that a gentleman should never touch a young woman's underwear. CW was trying to explain that he was just doing his job.

Another cashier got a manager, who rushed over. She arrived and asked EM to explain the situation.

EM: This perv was fondling my daughter's new bra! He should have at least called a woman to come handle it. Wasn't he taught that when you hired him?!

Manager: We don't train our employees to do any such thing. We train them to respect every item and every customer.

EM: He was fondling my daughter's new bra! He's disgusting!

Manager: Ma'am, CW has worked here two years. He scans bras all the time. Trust me, it's not sexual for him.

EM yelled at CW and my manager for being disgusting perverts and said she'd be calling the police on us for condoning pedophilia. She grabbed her (embarrassed) daughter and stormed out of the store.

We all had a good chuckle about it. Other customers shook their heads and rolled their eyes. CW was fine, he thought it was ridiculous and funny. He's been retelling the story all day.

Tl;Dr: Customer came in to buy her teen daughter a bra and blew up at the male cashier for "fondling" the bra (aka scanning it because that's what cashiers do)./nSo I'm not sure when exactly a woman becomes an entitled mom while pregnant but this pregnant manatee certainly seemed entitled.

So I was at the Gynaecologist for an ultrasound (cysts, not pregnant) and the wait is always a bit long. The doctor is great and always has a packed schedule. Pregnant Manatee (PM) was sitting in the waiting room complaining about how her appointment was 30 minutes late and she shouldn't have to wait this long cause she was pregnant and a priority. I decided to gently let her know that it's usually a bit backed up here. 

Me: Hey, I totally get it. Dr. S is really great, but she's usually a few minutes behind. 

PM: Excuse me? Did I ask you? Stop being so nosy, that's probably why you're here by yourself. 

Me: What's that supposed to mean?

PM: your baby daddy ain't here with you and I don't see a ring on you. You're just a nosy hussie. 

I responded with a snap decision that I regret slightly. Just a reminder: I'm NOT pregnant. 

Me: my husband died in a freak car accident.. we were very close.. this baby is all I have to remember him by... 

PM shut her mouth and I was called back quickly after. Turns out my doctor overheard the conversation and wanted to separate us because she was worried about my "baby". I explained that I wasn't actually pregnant, and I just wanted the woman to shut up. My doc thought it was funny and gave me a pic of my ultrasound for when I was done. I walked out, holding it, and fake crying. PM was completely red and embarrassed for how she had been so rude and judgmental. She didn't apologize, but I hope she leaves other girls alone in the future. Especially when they are just trying to be friendly about annoying wait times.

Edit: It was my own picture from my ultrasound. I have to get my cysts monitored because I just got an iud to help keep them from rupturing./n((NEW UPDATE AT BOTTOM))

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

My daughter's birthday is tomorrow, but because we are also headed away on a long car journey for our holiday then, we decided to have a Mummy/Daughter tea and cake thing at a local cafe.

She's a very kind girl and loves to help me out, particularly since she found out I was pregnant. She wanted to help me hold the tray for our food and drinks. It's not very busy, so I let her hold the whole thing whilst we walk over to the counter with the cakes on it. She puts it up on the side, and points out which cake she would like. Once we have our choices, we both push the tray along together, so there are no spills.

When it comes time to pick a drink, the apple juice she wants is in the top of the refrigerated shelves. I take my hand off the tray, and lean up to pick one up. I trust my daughter not to tip over the tray.

In the single second I look up to grab the carton, there's movement at my side and my daughter starts shouting and crying.

I turn to see some woman pulling the tray with our cakes on it away from her, and my daughter holding on to it still. As I'm about to shout at this woman, she shoves the tray back and forth, basically flinging my daughter to the floor, and the cakes also fall to the floor, plates smashing.

She couldn't be bothered to get her own tray, so she stole ours.

My daughter is really crying at this point, and I hastily kick the shattered bits of plate aside with my foot, so I can crouch down to help her without hurting either of us.

This bint then had the audacity to try and lecture me on how I shouldn't let my daughter play with trays by herself, because it's dangerous, and she could hurt herself, and look what she's already done, and I should be ashamed of myself.

I fucking explode.

I turn on this woman, absolutely livid, and I think the look on my face must have given her pause, because she stopped trying to walk away with the tray and blinked stupidly at me.

"HOW DARE YOU!?!"

I don't think my voice has ever been so deep and menacing. It attracts the attention of the staff and another woman with her two sons who looked to both be about 11-14. She doesn't just walk over, she storms. She's pretty fit looking in general, but her arms! Holy moly!

She rips the tray out of this bitch's hands, and wrenches her arm behind her back, then pins her in place against the glass of the cake display. The EM is shouting in pain and after a few moments a girl about 15 years old comes out of the seating area. Her daughter.

The staff call the police, and one rushes over with a broom and a first aid kit. She cleans up all the plate shards and cake splatters, and helps me look over my daughter for cuts etc. The whole time EM is screaming about how she's being assaulted for no reason, how I was the thief, and my 3 about to turn 4 year old is a thief in training.

It takes about 3-4 minutes for the police to show, the station is literally the other side of the main road behind the shop with the cafe. As they arrive, the EM starts screaming at them to help her, that she's being attacked for no reason. MamaBear explains the situation calmly, I'm too busy trying to console my daughter. We both bruise like peaches, and I can already see the red mark covering the backs of her thighs. She's going to be black and blue soon enough.

I'm very hormonal right now, so as much as I am angry, I'm also crying at this point.

The police, realising that I'm pregnant and stressed, and that my daughter has sustained an injury, call an ambulance to ensure that we're both okay.

Once we are at the hospital, we're both looked over, and the doctors confirm that my daughter is going to have the bruise to end all bruises over her legs and bum. Aside from being stressed, I'm given the all clear, and then an officer appears to take my statement.

They tell me the woman was arrested, and that MamaBear, the staff of the cafe, and EM's own daughter gave statements against her. They've also got camera footage of the whole thing from the cafe. I give my statement and am then able to take my daughter home. Our happy cake time is ruined, and now she's got to sit in the car on a massive, painful bruise, for the 8+ hours we're going to be on the road.

I am so angry, even just writing this I have to keep taking a few moments to not cry again. I just... I know these entitled assholes are out there, and I can deal with shitty comments and so on, but this woman assaulted my daughter and didn't give a flying fuck. I have no idea what I would have done if MamaBear hadn't come over when she did, but I am certain that there would have been bloodshed. I was so ready to rip her face off with my bare hands.

Today and tomorrow were supposed to be so happy, it's her freaking birthday, and now she's going to be in pain and there's nothing I can do about it.

You bet your ass I'm going to take her for all I can. But I've got to go on my holiday first. Police have assured me that with the evidence and witness statements, this is almost certainly going to be a court case for child abuse. It's likely going to take a little while to sort things out, paperwork I guess, I've never been to court before so I'm not sure what to expect. I'm away 10 days so I don't know how quickly things will be processed, but I've been told that the police will be in touch with me if they need anything more, and provided me with some contacts for appropriate lawyers should I need them. There was more, but I can barely think straight right now.

Daughter is fine and napping right now, but I am still just so overwhelmed by this incident.

If I see that woman about anytime soon, I think I'll actually kill her.

&#x200B;

QUICK UPDATE:

For those asking about how my daughter is, she's doing fine. She's gonna have some bad bruising for a while, but otherwise is okay. She's fast asleep right now and excited for her holiday. She's never stayed in a static caravan before, and is very much looking forward to her time away. We're off to Wales, right by the sea. I'm hoping to be able to get some good photography done whilst I'm there.

I can't say much more than that, because this only happened today, and there's been no further developments. I am hoping that should everything go well, I'll be able to update with information about Court dates/a trial etc and possibly sentencing.

&#x200B;

Thank you all for your kind words and support, as well as all the great advice you've given me. It's defiantly made me feel better after this event.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

NEW UPDATE:

&#x200B;

I'm now back from my holiday and in contact with a lawyer about the event. I'm not going to go in to great details, but I can give you the basics.

The woman is going to be in court about the incident with or without me, but I've decided to join the proceedings and kick this bitch's ass. Whist my lawyer can't give me any exacts at the moment, he's confident that she'll be getting some prison time, and at the very least it should be about 12-18 months. She's being charged under Section 1 of the Children and Young Persons Act 1933, for Child Cruelty and Violence, as far as we know thus far. (Correct me if I'm wrong, I didn't write this stuff down, though I have some paperwork somewhere.)

Don't have a court date or anything yet.

Woman is apparently claiming that it was her tray and cakes, and that my daughter and I were thieves who had taken it from her before the incident, and she was apparently just re-claiming it. That my daughter got hurt was an accident and she didn't shove her to the floor wth the tray. The camera footage angle (from the cafe) doesn't actually show the tray pick-up area, which is annoying. The MamaBear is going to be a witness, and my lawyer is going to speak with her about me contacting her. I've written a letter to her asking if she would be alright coming out to a nice restaurant with me, my daughter, and her family. As a thank you.

I mentioned this post to my lawyer and he's read it though. It's okay to keep up as long as everything is anonymous, but if that changes I'll let you know.

&#x200B;

I don't have much else to add other than that my daughter is fine and her bruises have faded. You can barely see them anymore. I took pictures of them every day, and they're going to be used as evidence.

Thank you everyone for your kind words and support, I came here just to rant and let things out, but I was wonderful hearing from you all./nSo I'm a lifeguard at my local pool and this happen when I wasn't working, but I got a very detailed recount the next day from another traumatised lifeguard. So I thought I'd share :) 

A swimmer came up to one of the lifeguards (LG 1) saying 'um I think there's been an accident in one of your toilets'. We aren't allowed to leave poolside while on duty, so he radioed for another lifeguard (LG 2) to check it out.

 And oh. My. God.

Someone had obviously had an AWFUL case of diarrhea. The cubicle was covered in shit, all up the walls, the floor, on the toilet paper dispenser and in every crevice available. LG 2 quickly closed the toilet and ran for the manager because the had no idea how to even start cleaning it up.

This is where the entitle parent comes in. LG 1 was watching the pool as he noticed a lady and her kid (maybe 6?) walking on the the poolside. The most important detail to note here is that the kid has shit dripping down his legs. The conversation went as follows:

LG 1: excuse me, your son can't come in the pool like that. 

EM: on no don't worry, I just need to wash him off then we'll be leaving. 

LG 1: what??? 

EM: I'm just going to dunk him in, you know, just to get the worst off before he changes. 

LG 1: no you are not, you can use the showers for that. 

EM: oh but this will be so much quicker and we're here. Plus the showers are gross. 

(they're not, they get cleaned at least twice a day) 

LG 1: pool rules say that if you have diarrhea you aren't allowed to swim, and have you any idea how unsanitary that is??? 

EM: he'd only he in there for a few seconds, what's the big deal? My son isn't going to get anyone sick. 

At this point they argued back and forth, all the while the kid was dripping shit on the floor and looking like death. 
After a while the manager had noticed what was happening and came over. 

The situation was explained and the Em tried to plead her case to him.

Em: so you see, I should be allowed to wash him here, it's communal water.

Manager, in a voice that sounded like he was completely over stupid people today: no, leave the pool, or I will be forced to ban you.

At this point the lady finally got the message and left. 
I guess it just sounded more important coming from a grown man rather than a teenage lifeguard. 

However in the end, it wasn't really a win for the lifeguards because they had to clean it all up (one of them threw up because of the smell as well) . And by the time she'd left another toilet 'mysteriously' had another shit on the floor. 

But whatever, they haven't come back again./nFirst of all  pet tax :http://imgur.com/gallery/CK3o7Vk

Edit :~1~

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/btemip/the_story_of_how_an_em_wanted_to_kill_my_2_month

~2~

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c8v5zm/update_the_story_of_how_an_em_wanted_to_kill_my_2

Thanks u/Kimojuno For this 

Here is another picture of tito http://imgur.com/gallery/rzuX4Ih

Tito is now arround 3 months old and sadly sick. He developed some inmune system problems due to being separated from his mom at less than 6 weeks. But he is very happy, maintains a healthy weight and all. We just have to constantly go to the vet, but he likes it there.


So to the update.

As you might know Em got 90 days in jail because she spit on the mediator.

Many of you told me to keep the restraining order on me. Well it came in handy.
Everyday at noon I take my doggo outside to the park. I always talk to the same people. The nice grandma, the kiosk vendor from my first story and a Venezuelan man that sells candy. Cool people.

So a week ago I took tito to the park and I was talking to nice grandma (NG) when a ball hits my head.
NG had tito on her legs.
So I turn arround to throw the ball back and see that it's hellspawn daughter 1(let's call her Catalina for this story) . The little one. She had a shit eating grin.
I looked arround to watch out  for her sister. 
she was all the way back at a bakery as to not violate the order in itself (she was still to close). 

So Catalina just screams at me to give her her ball.
I rolled it to her and sat down again with NG. Her ball hit me again at the back of my head and I rolled it again.... Repeat this 3 times.

NG looked at her and tolld her something along the lines of "nasty girls get nasty futures".

Catalina then just ran away.

When I wanted to go home I saw that the two were following me. So I dialed the police and was narrating to them what was happening till they were too close to me.

I slipped into a Caffè and explained to the lady, that wanted me to go outside because of tito, the situation and she agreed to let me stay.

The two idiots were stupid enough to wait INFRONT of the Caffè.

Police showed up 15 minutes later. Asked me to show the restraining order (thanks guys for telling me to keep it at all times) and the once again had to call poor dormant dad to get Catalina while the older one was taken into custody. No trial was needed as she violated an order and there was no room for dispute. But she didn't have to go to jail. She would have house arrested for 3 months I believe. Police told me I shouldn't worry about them ever again.

So I hope this is the last update to the story.
I thank you all so much for the comments about my dog. He loves you all!

Edit 2: to answer some questions

Is tito named after the Yugoslavia dictator?

No he ist. Tito was because à) à latin American singer that I like and b) a Roman Emperor that my father thinks is dope.


What breed is tito? 

He is a mutt. We don't know what mix he has but are fairly certain that he has part schnauzer genes.

Edit 3 :

You should install cameras in your house.

We live in an apartment complex that is full of cameras and security.

Wich tito is he named after? (musician)
Tito puentes

Will tito be okay?

I hope so. The vets are working really hard on this/nAlright, so BASICALLY, this ia a very personal story since it involves direct family so I'll keep details a bit more vague because I don't want anyone to figure out who he is and cause issues.

Long story short, my brother had moved away to a city 3 hours away to study law and since his wife wanted to come back to THIS city (her family and social network is centered on the area I live in), they decided to come back here for him to pass his bar.

The issue is that the apartment they were supposed to move into suddenly became unavailable due to unforeseen events and as a result they had to quickly find temporary lodging.

For reference, me and my parents bought a Duplex a few years back and I live in the upstairs unit and they occupy the first floor. There's a bachelor in the basement for use by guests.

When my parents saw the apartment issue my brother, his wife and kids were going through they offered to lodge them TEMPORARILY in the basement in exchange for a relatively low rent.

Now, had my brother NOT been an EP, this 3 month situation could have been perfectly fine as they had ALL THEY NEEDED in the basement (they had a shower, a cooking range, a fridge and a separate bedroom for the parents).

BUT NOOOOOOO

Of COURSE they had to take over me and my parents' space.

For example, despite having a brand new shower in the basement, "the kids don't like showers", so they have SEVERAL TIMES forced my hand so they'd be able to use MY bathtub to clean their kids. 

Once ringing my doorbell while \*\*I\*\* was taking a bath after a long day at work. Forcing me to run for a towel and then emptying the bathwater to refill it completely (hello hydro bill!)

Also, they apparently once came while I WAS NOT AT HOME. And the way I knew this is that the temperature on my AC had been tempered with. (I guess it was too cold in the house for the precious childrunz).

Then 2 days ago, he decided that the wi-fi connection in the basement (which HE DOESN'T PAY FOR BTW) wasn't strong enough. So he unplugged our router and tried plugging in HIS router in order to redirect wi-fi better to the basement.

That resulted in EVERY SINGLE SMART DEVICE IN THE HOUSE to stop functioning , including smart doorbells, all the lights and smartplugs.

Also, the deal with my parents to pay a rent fell through and he snaked out of paying for all 3 months he's been there. My parents only got a month and a half's worth.

And FINALLY , my parents had to make a decision regarding our very old dog (16 year old bichon) who had become rather ill in recent times, and HE felt like he had a word in the matter. Casually telling them they should "just get rid of 'it' and move on". This is a dog that my mother considered her baby.

He's finally leaving in a few days. 

I honestly don't understand how someone can feel so freaking entitled to treating someone else's home like they own the place./nAs a high school student, I recently had to do a science project. Teacher gave us half a year, most kids just procrastinated. I pulled a couple late nights trying to finish it. So the Science Fair rolls around, and I set mine up. (It had something to do with aerodynamics and car shapes, if you were wondering). I go grab something I left in my moms car, she drives off and as im walking back, I see some woman reading mine. I didn't really care, I just finish setting up and go to class.

At break, I come back and see the same woman and with someone I assumed was her son, still at my project. Seemed sus, but I was too lazy to shoo them off. So everyone had a designated time slot during the day in which you were supposed to present with your parent, and it was posted in the gym. Unfortunately, I had to finish a math test before I could go, and my mom and dad both work too far away to come and help me.

When I got there, the judges was talking to the SAME MOM AND KID AT MY PROJECT. So I ran over, and the mom was talking to the judges about my project, except she was giving credit to her shitty son about it. Basically, she read all the information I collected and wrote, and learned, then taught it to her POS son to regurgitate to the judges. I then intervened.

ME: Hey this is my project, not EM's and SS (shitty son).

EM: Who are you?

ME: The owner of this project!

EM: No, this is my sons project, SS.

ME: No it isn't, his name is SS, not (My name)

The judges were confused at this point

At this point the EM starts yelling,

EM: My son deserves this more than you! 

ME: Then he should have done the work!

EM: He needs to win this for a scholarship!

ME: So do I!

The judges try to intervene, while the SS is telling the judges that this was his project.

Eventually the teacher rolls around and points out that my name, not the SS's. The EM and SS are kicked out and I present my work to the judges. 

Later I learned the SS had to repeat the class again since it was a benchmark. 

If anyone was wondering, I got 3rd place, but I think it was just a pity prize tbh./nOk, this is my first, and hopefully last post here. 

EM - Entitled Mum

NS - Nice Son

Ok, so here’s some context: I like to sell some software that I create online, for some quite cheap prices (I think that I under-charge, but oh-well)

Anyway, here’s the story:

A few months ago, NS found a piece of my software online, and wanted to buy it. It was normally £25, but he asked for a discount, which I gave him as he sounded like he was a young teenager, and he said it would help him a lot. Therefore, I lower the price to £20 for him.

A few hours later, he asked his mum if she could spare him £20 so that he could buy something on the computer. He later messaged me, and we had this conversation:

NS: "Okay I just asked my mum for £20 so I can buy it."

Me: "Ok, great! :)"

NS: "She just asked me what on earth I could be buying for £20?!"

NS: "So I just said a program for my computer"

Me: "Ok. What did she say to that?"

NS: "Umm..."

NS: "Long Story :/"

Me: "Oh Great... /s"

NS: "Yeah <shrug>"

NS: "This is what happened. (There’s gonna be a lot of messages). "

Me: "I’m Ready"

NS: "Ok.

Once I told her that it was just a program for my computer, she started asking loads of quiestions."

EM: "What is it?

What program is it?

Did you get it hacked?

Wait! Are you buying porn?"

NS: "Eww, no. Mum I’m only 14."

EM: "I don’t believe you! I am taking your computer right now!

You are not going to be watching that filth whilst you live in this house.

I put this roof over your head. 

If you want to watch THAT, you can get out!"

NS: "Mum, I’m not wat..."

EM: "Don’t interrupt me!

Where’s your computer?"

NS: "Upstairs, but you’re not having it."

EM: "Yes I AM!

I am your mother, and you should obey me!"

*NS tells me that he ran upstairs and turned off his PC instantly*
## Back To The Conversation With NS And I

NS: "...And here I am right now, with no computer, no phone, just an old iPod that I used to use :("

Me: "Dang dude, if you message me once/if you get your stuff back, I’ll give you the program for free. Sorry about all of that, your mum seems quite annoying"

NS: "Oh really? Thanks man! :)"

NS: "...And yeah, she is :/"

Me: "Ight see ya man, gonna go now."

NS: "See ya!"



I’ll update you all if I get another message from him. He was a really nice guy, and didn’t deserve a mum like that. I genuinely feel sorry for him./nHi! For a little backstory I live in a nice house. Its right on the beach and I take good care of it and my garden so its not strange to see people admiring my home. I’m also a teenager and basically live alone. My dad and mom both work in other states and travel a lot and my sister lives with her fiancé. I can drive, do laundry and can go grocery shopping so this isn’t too weird. I don’t like driving so I usually bike everywhere and I have a pool in the backyard. ON TO THE STORY!!!

Em-entitled moth
Ek-entitled kinder egg
Cf1 Cf2- em confused friends
Ct- confused twins

Ok so I just had a long day at work and had a few groceries with me on my bike. I just want to take a nice hot shower and I look like death in my fast food uniform. As I pull onto my street I see a line of people blocking my drive way. Like full blocking. I pull onto the sidewalk and start walking my bike towards the group. And I over hear CF1 talking about how happy she is for EM and how beautiful HER new home is. Im like whaaaa no house nearby was sold or is even on the market. So I try to pass to get to my garage.

Me- hey can I get past please?

EM- just go around cant you see were busyyy

Me- I just need to drop my bike in the garage and then ill be out of your way. Im glad you like the 
house though I try to take care of it!

CF1- um I think you might be confused EM lives here. 

Me- no? This is my house. I live here. I don’t know her

EM- YOU ARE OBVIOUSLY TRYING TO BREAK INTO MY HOUSE GET AWAY BEFORE I CALL THE POLICE!

Me- No you need to leave. 

EM- I WILL NOT GET OFF MY PROPERTY 

At this point I just push past and head towards the garage. Thats when I hear the splashing. No one should be in the pool. I drop my bike and run to the back yard and see three kids swimming IN MY POOL. Fuck that I raise my voice and tell them to get the F out. The CT both get out but are obviously confused but the EK stays in.

EK- my mommy says I can swim go away you bitch!

Me-NO I am not responsible for you drowning get the hell out of my pool and off of my property.

EM- DONT TALK TO MY ANGEL THAT WAY ITS HIS POOL

CF1- EM whats going on who is this girl?

EM- SHE IS TRYING TO ROB ME GET THE F OUT KID. 

Me- (I’m panicking at this point) well prove it prove that you live here huh. 

CF2- EM why don’t we go inside the kids shouldn’t be here for this argument.

Me- LIKE HELL YOUR GOING INTO MY HOME.

EM- Yes were going inside! Now go away girl before I call the police.

Me- fine I dare you to get in. 

The group climbs the stairs obviously EM didn’t think this through. Only two keys to this house exist. My key and my sisters. I lock up my bike, grab my groceries and push past EM. She is making excuses to her friends about why the key doesn’t work.

Me- Excusssee me if you don’t mind I’m going into MY home

CF2- EM whats going on?!?

I close the door and lock it as EM is banging on my door screaming about how she is gonna call the cops. I called the cops not her. She ran off as soon as she saw the cop cars and the friends stayed behind VERY confused. They explained that EM had told them that this was her house and that they were just going to swim in the pool and then head to the beach so they would never go in the house. Later on no charges are pressed on em i hope she learned her lesson.

Tl;dr EM didn’t plan for the home owner to come back while she was claiming it was her house.

Edit 1- you people are so awesome and I am starting to regret not pressing charges. And also I should have put this in earlier this is my parents home summer home but I’ve lived here for most of my life. I pay rent and go to school but my parents are always gone so I basically live alone. Sorry for the confusion!!!

Edit 2- you are all so nice I cried Ive never gotten a silver or gold before and you kind people have made me so happy. I hope that all of you have a wonderful day!/nSo, this happened a couple days ago and the more I think about it the more disturbed I get.

For some backstory: I'm a huge musical theater nerd and a few years ago I got to see Phantom of the Opera in Seattle, and as a souvenir I bought a tote bag with the play's logo printed all over it that I am still very fond of. Now the show is playing in a theater in my area and there's been a lot of local buzz about it. I went to see it this weekend and decided to carry my Phantom tote for a while since my love of the show has been bolstered and the bag is a great conversation starter for other theater nerds I may meet in public who recognize the show that my bag references. 

Now let's set the stage: a couple days ago I went to the grocery store near my apartment to stock up on some pretty standard foodstuffs, and when I walked in I saw a cashier I'm friendly with working the self checkout kiosk so I stopped to talk to him a few minutes. My bag was hanging over my shoulder, within clear view of the doors. After a couple minutes into my chat I felt a tap on my shoulder, so I turned around to address whoever was trying to get my attention and found a relatively normal looking woman (average size, normal clothing, normal hairstyle). Nothing to indicate this woman was a Karen type in any way.

EM: Is that the Phantom of the Opera on your bag?

Me: (happy to chat about one of my favorite musicals) Yeah! Do you like the show?

EM: It's fine, I took my daughter last weekend to see it at [local theater]. She loves musicals. 

Me: Me too! I thought it was a really great show! The cast did a really great job and-

EM: (cutting me off) Did you buy that bag there? I didn't see that bag at any of the booths.

Me: Actually, I got this in Seattle when I saw the show a few years ago.

EM: Oh. Because there really weren't any souvenirs at the show my daughter liked. She would LOVE that bag. (Looks at me expectantly.)

Me: Um... (realizing what she wants) I'm sorry your daughter didn't find any keepsakes she wanted?

EM: She was SO disappointed she didn't have anything to remember the show by. She would LOVE your bag. LOVE it.

Me: Well, I know I LOVE this bag. I hope the next time your daughter sees a show she finds a souvenir she likes. (I'm pretty nervous at this point because I'm very non-confrontational and I've read plenty on this subreddit to know entitled parents like causing scenes. I gripped my bag very tightly, trying to hold it against my body with my elbow and with both hands tightly on the straps). I've got to go do my shopping now. Excuse me. 

To my pleasant surprise, she didn't say anything else so I really thought I'd gotten away without any crazy happening. I grabbed a basket and went to the cereal aisle. As I'm putting cheerios into my basket EM also enters the aisle. She doesn't have a cart or a basket, and she doesn't try to approach me again. Instead she just stares at me. I decide to try and ignore her and go about business as usual, grabbing the things on my shopping list. Every aisle I go to she follows me into. Every. Single. One. Just staring at me. I'm certain she was just waiting for me to let my guard down.

I go through self checkout and she hangs by the discount bread rack nearby, still watching. Knowing she's probably not going to give this up when I leave the store I flag down my acquaintance working the self checkout kiosk and tell him I'm pretty sure that EM is going to follow me to my car. He's wary of her and walks me and my purchases out to the parking lot and doesn't leave until my bags are loaded and I'm in my car with my doors locked. I was still keeping an eye on EM and sure enough she left the store when I did, watching me as I got to my car. I saw her get into her own car, still watching me. My acquaintance who walked me out went back to the store, and I was left alone in my vehicle caught in an awkward staring match with EM, also in her car. She didn't even try to hide the fact she was watching me.

It dawned on me that EM was likely to follow me home, so instead of taking my usual exit that would take me back to my apartment I drove over to the exit that turned off onto the more major street. EM followed me like I expected. I sat there for a couple minutes at least, waiting.

See, there's an intersection at the corner of the grocery store with really long light times, so cars end up lining up a fair amount. I waited until the last possible second until that light turned green and unleashed a wave of cars, turning right just before they hit, leaving EM stranded to wait for them to pass if she wanted to follow me. I drove up the street and got on the highway, then took the exit for the next neighborhood over and took the back way to my apartment. My car is pretty noticeable - it's bright orange - and I didn't want to take any chances that EM may recognize my car by going back the way I came. It seems I successfully ditched her, because no one has come banging on my door demanding I give them my Phantom tote. Needless to say I will be leaving that bag at home from now on.

TL;DR: Entitled mom stalked me through a grocery store and almost followed me home because I didn't want to give her my tote that she wanted for her daughter.

EDIT: https://m.imgur.com/a/fQiheaK this is the bag if anyone wants to see what prompted such insanity.

UPDATE: For anyone who still cares about this incident, I have news! The EM has been banned from the grocery store. I haven't seen her since but my acquaintance who works there saw me come in this morning and asked me if I remembered the crazy lady who wanted my bag. Turns out she's been in a few times since she followed me but didn't pull anything until last week when she attacked a girl trying to steal her My Neighbor Totoro themed jacket, again claiming her daughter would love it. Police were called. I have no clue if that poor girl is pressing charges but I hope she is. Either way, crazy EM is no longer allowed in the store and us nerds can once again shop there with our nerd merchandise in peace./n



Besides an encounter 30 years ago with a mom who thought the sun shined out of her kids ass, I hadn't experienced any of these crazy people. That changed about 2 hours ago. 

Some important and relevant back story first. Eighteen months ago I was diagnosed with colon cancer. It wasn't long before I had to have surgery to remove the tumor. It was an 18 hour surgery. They removed about a foot of my large colon and 18 lymph nodes. I woke up in the ICU. When I finally looked down, I had a long scar running down the center of my body. It starts just below my chest and runs past my belly button to just above my pubes. I also have a reversible colostomy.  It's important to understand that I have what's called an appliance stuck to the side of my torso that collects my poop. I have to then empty the bag instead of pooping. I also have to change the whole appliance every 4 days. I will soon be able to have my colon put back together and no longer deal with this thing.

Anyway, this morning I was at one of those large office buildings next to a hospital. I was waiting to see my surgeon to discuss when he was going to reconnect my colon. This place has one of those enormous waiting rooms for multiple doctors. I know there is going to be a long wait as my surgeon is very much in demand, so I brought my Nintendo Switch.

I was sitting playing my game for a few minutes when ED and EK sit near me. I hear the kid say "Wow, Dad, look that guy has a Switch." He just says “Yeah, I see.” I’m very outgoing and love to talk, so I ask the father if he minds if I play a few games with his son. The father at this point seems perfectly normal and says “Yeah, no problem.” The kid looked to be around 10 or 11. I am in my mid thirties but have been a lifelong gamer. I also have 7 nieces and nephews, so I play games with kids his age all the time.

I placed the switch on the side table near us and handed the kid one of the Joy-Cons. We played a couple races before he asked what else I had. I brought out Smash Brothers Ultimate and the kid was jumping up and down. We played Smash for nearly an hour before I heard my name called. I raised my hand and said “Here,” so the nurse saw me and I quickly grabbed my Joy-Con from his hands and packed the Switch away in my backpack and began walking towards the nurse.

Just as I make it to the nurse, I feel someone tap my shoulder.
ED says “Hey Man, can you let my son play your Switch while your in with the doctor?”

“Sorry man. I had a blast playing with him, but who knows if you’ll be here when I get back,” I responded.

“So, you’re a goddamn adult. Why do you need it anyway.”

I was astounded, so I just turned to follow the nurse who was holding the door open for me.

It’s important to note that during the hour I was playing with the kid, my ostomy became active and started filling. At this point it was more than half full. I’m wearing a T-shirt so you can see the outline of it when this happens. Just to give you context, a few weeks ago, a police officer thought I was carrying a gun under my shirt because of this. So, it looks like there is something large in my front pocket.

The ED says “You fat fuck. You’re going to give my son the game or else.”

The nurse finally says “Sir, please leave the man alone.” I appreciate the attempt but it sounded rather weak. The guy was about 6’4” and looked like a weightlifter, so I guess he was used to intimidating other people. As he alluded to I am a large guy. I’m about 6’2” and I am overweight. So I am used to not being intimidated. I responded with “Not going to happen.”

He decided to make it physical. I was only half facing him. He grabbed my shoulder spun me around to face him, and with his other hand starts trying to get under my shirt. He’s yelling “Gimme it. Gimme it. You fat fuck.” He eventually gets a hold of my appliance and pulls as hard as he can. I don’t know how he thought it was a game because its soft. I screamed in pain because the adhesives that hold this thing on are strong. He actually managed to rip some of my skin off. The bag is perfectly sealed while it is attached to me but as he pulled it towards himself, a bunch of poop came flying out all over his shirt, pants and shoes. When he pulled it, he turned it upside down while trying to cup it in his grasp, and he began to turn to run away. He realized something was wrong halfway through his turn. I got a little bit on my shirt, but the bleeding was a problem. The nurse led me quickly back into a room, and I had my surgeon in the room in a matter of seconds making sure I was ok. I keep a spare appliance in my bag, so I was back in business in no time. I washed my shirt out in the sink. Only a very small part got any on it, and it was easy to clean with soap and water. It got me home at least.

I later found out that the man just stood there for a while, stunned. The front desk people were laughing when they told me this. They said he seemed completely shocked that it wasn’t a game. Apparently he dropped the appliance and yelled for his son and tried to leave. Security caught up to him pretty quick, and he was arrested. I have to go and make a statement tomorrow.


Edit: Formatting


Edit 2: My first gold. Thank You kind stranger. If I knew it would only take a shitty story I would have been gilded earlier. Thanks.


Edit 3: Someone thinks the update should be at the bottom.


Update: I just came out from giving my official statement. I'm typing this in my car. I was expecting to go see a police officer this morning. I got a call over an hour ago from a lawyer from the prosecutors office. She asked me to come to her office instead. I went to her office. Apparently, the ED, aka shithead, was arrested and was released. I also caused a bit of an argument in the prosecutors office. Two of the lawyers we're arguing over whether grabbing my bag was assault or theft. One was arguing it was part of my body while other argued it was my property. When I arrived the woman explained that for the moment he was only charged with a misdemeanor, however once they settle the issue they will be adding a further charge. I wasn't told any of this until I gave my statement. She told me the chances of him going to trial is slim, so I probably won't have to testify. Oh and I had no say in whether he was prosecuted. He was being prosecuted whether or not I gave a statement because of all the witness's. 

/nI was probably 5, and I wasn't very proficient with english since I had just immigrated from China and knew very little about the language when this happened.

A schoolmate's parents invited me over to have dinner while my parents were out.

There are a couple of things you should know from back then:

1. This was a very religious family, while my parents were atheist/agnostic at the time.
2. The kid and I did not like each other.

We sat down to dinner and as soon as everyone was seated, I took a bite like we did at home. That was when the mother reached across the table and yanked the plate away from me.

“In *this house,*” she said, glaring at me, “we pray before we eat. We are *not* heathens.” I looked at my classmate to see what to do. I put my hands together like he did. “Not like that!” She screeched. Apparently I needed to fold my hands properly. I did as I was told.

The dad then proceeded to give what had to be the longest prayer ever. It probably wasn't long at all, but I was 5, hungry, didn't really understand what was happening, and had never heard a prayer before.

After he finished, the mom looked at me and said “for stealing from God, you will wait until after we finish before you eat.” She then lectured me on how awful I was and how I was going to hell for not praying properly or knowing about prayer.

Reminder, ***I was 5 years old.***

My classmate said he wanted seconds when he was done with his plate. She handed him my plate.

I didn't get dinner.

I started crying because, you know, hungry 5 year old. She was screaming at me to stop crying. I was ruining dinner for everyone!

This was when my mother rang the doorbell, and at the time she could speak English fairly well, albeit with some mistakes, so she could understand most of what the family was saying.. I jumped up and ran to her in tears. Suddenly, the family was all smiles and politeness. She told my mom I was picky so I wouldn't eat my food. So I was probably hungry.

We got out to the car and my mother asked what really happened. I was not a picky eater. I'd eat anything (still will). I told her everything. My mother stormed out of the car, pounded on the door, and gave the woman a piece of her mind.

To this day, I wonder what sect of Christianity they claimed to be. Because even though I'm not Christian, I've known many for years and I'm pretty sure God never said to treat someone else's kids like shit before.

&#x200B;

Edit: I know that most people don't like OPs thanking for gold or upvotes, but I wanted to say thanks for that anonymous reddit user that gave me gold. Also, thank you for all of the Christians down in the comments apologizing for the actions of this family. I'm glad that so many people enjoyed this story. If you have any suggestions, or any related stories, or another subreddit you think would be better fitting, please comment as I would love to know!/nEver since I became pregnant, I've become a magnet for entitled parents. I have no idea what it is, maybe they can just smell the pregnancy hormones and it brings out that "essence of entitlement" I have no idea. 

This happened to me while I was about 3 months along. I was at a grocery store picking up a few things. 

I was tired, sick from morning sickness, and desperate to find something to eat that I could keep down. So I didnt have many purchases while standing in line waiting to be checked out. 

And from behind me, enters the entitled mother

Cast is simple: ME and EM

She had a child but he didnt say anything that I remember

I was still waiting to put my purchases on the counter while the other person was checking out. I heard the EM come up behind me and clear her throat

EM: Excuse me

I turn and this woman didnt really look like a typical Karen. She actually looked more like those bottle blonde sorority girls with tons of makeup on. She had an adorable little boy in her cart (I'd guess maybe 3 years old) and she was obviously pregnant (I'd guess between 6-7 months) 

Me: Yes? 

I'm tired and, not gonna lie, was kinda rude when I said it 

EM: I'm very tired and want to get home. Can you just let me in front of you?

This woman literally had a cart full of groceries. I can be kind of a pushover, so if she only had a few things, I probably would have let her

Me: I only have a couple of items. I'll be checked out pretty fast

EM: Oh, come on! I'm pregnant and very tired! My feet are killing me! And I need to get my son home!

Me: Well, I'm pregnant and fighting morning sickness. I just want to get my soup and tylenol so I can try and eat and sleep

She scoffed and looked at my stomach

Em: Your not pregnant! Dont give me that bulls***. 

Me: Lady, I dont really care what you think. 

In turn back to face the cashier as she finally finished scanning the groceries of the guy in front of me. I could literally hear her scoffing and muttering under her breath. 

As I was being checked out, she was still muttering under her breath and tapping her shoes impatiently. 

EM: Some people are just so rude!

I really wish I had turned and snapped at her again but, I was tired and sick. I tried to ignore her.

EM literally began throwing stuff onto the counter the second there was space, still muttering about wanting to go home and how I was "such a lying b***h" 

The cashier was looking at her and rolling her eyes at the EM. 

As soon as I was checked out (literally took 5 minutes, if that) I got my receipt and looked that the EM

Me: Sorry I took a whole 10 minutes away from you. Have a wonderful day

EM: Oh, F**k you!

Me: No thanks, not into stupid blonds

I was a little happy I made the cashier laugh while I walked away. She yelled something else, but I ignored her. 

I still regret not having a better come-back than what I said though

Not very exciting, but that was my first run in with an EM. Sadly, I have more stories. And I would love to finish this pregnancy with no more encounters of entitled parents or entitled people in general.

Thanks for reading!/nSo this isn’t my story, but my social studies teachers, who just moved here from Florida. I don’t know if the EM was high or something, but eventually she came to her senses. Also I know it’s a Florida woman not a man but no one really cares, so you can fuck off.

Cast:

EM: Fuck this I’m not scrolling through 300+ comments

EK: Prove the apple doesn’t fall far from the tree

SWAT: Big police bois 

So the teacher that EM was mad at in particular wasn’t my social studies teacher, but he was in her class. Now this kid had the IQ of a goldfish. He missed half the classes, and my teacher wouldn’t tell us what his grades where, but they where shit.Now he was absolutely bombing one of the classes, like he actually managed to get a negative grade in (points off for the assignment being late and it being incorrect). So I guess EM had gotten the report card and not been happy, so instead of considering the fact that her son literally had an IQ lower than his age, she decided a bright idea was to pull up to school WITH A GODDAMN SHOTGUN not even like a pistol or anything but a fucking shotgun. So naturally the school goes into a code red lockdown, and the police are called. Once the school goes into lockdown, EM decides this is a good time to leave and go home. So the SWAT team ends up searching the area for 30 minutes. After that they go to the house and arrest this crazy lady, and she ends up arrested on various charges. Also, it turns out she had a criminal record and she wasn’t even allowed to be holding a firearm, so that’s a bonus. 

Just another day in Florida

How do I clear my inbox?

You notherfuckers are having a fucking world war in the comments section. Chill out, this isn’t time to flex your country. Also I still have 230 massages to go through./nThis story is about my wife’s parent and their "retirement plan”.

&#x200B;

A key detail: For years her parents have been pressuring us to buy a house with extra rooms.  I didn’t know why until not too long ago.

&#x200B;

So last year my wife explained to me that her parents were retiring early to enjoy life (they’re around 50).  They sold their house and most of their belongings.  Decided to spend their summers at the camper.  So far so good.

But here’s the kicker xD - The basis of their plan is that they plan on living with their kids for the rest of the year where the camping grounds are closed.  The grounds close in September so this means they need somewhere to go for the remaining 8 months of the year.  Now I should mention that they only have 2 children; my wife and her sister. This is their plan…until they die.  All their money is going to seeing the world and camping – nothing else.  If they ever get sick and can’t travel anymore?  You got it, its now your responsibility cause they’ll have no money for a special care home or nurse by then.

&#x200B;

I told her that I’m not ok with this. We have a child and I’m looking forward the day when we are done raising him and get to do the things we want. To me, living with her parents, seeing them every day, at every meal, watching tv with us…. Is a fn NIGHTMARE scenario.   I do like them so that’s not the issue. I just don’t want to be burdened by an older couple that I would essentially be responsible to feed and house.

&#x200B;

Thankfully, my wife totally agreed that it’s a garbage idea.  We have our own life to live.   They don’t show it much, but I can tell they are offended and feel rejected.  But honestly, this is a take/take situation and when I get to be that age, I won’t have the luxury of living off my kid and I certainly would feel like a POS if I expected that of him. And no, you're not going to mooch off of me when I'll probably have to work till I'm 75.

&#x200B;

So my question to you is; am I an asshole?  I feel like if I’m going to work my ass off, I want to enjoy my free time.  I don’t want to take care of an older couple that decided they should just quit their responsibilities and pawn them off on their kids who are just starting their married lives. The sister is ok with this and they spent all of winter/spring there but not without issues.

&#x200B;

Personally, I feel this is gross entitlement. Seriously… of course I would take care of my parents if they fell ill or on hard times…. who just decides to live off other people just because?

&#x200B;

Edit: Wow thanks for the gold.  I didn't think it was the most interesting of stories but at least its real./nI never thought I’d be posting here but this just recently happened(week ago). I’m almost graduating high school and I have a job at the super market. Bagging items, stocking merchandise, etc... But I’m still shaken up and decided this place would be a good place to put my experience. 

This day it was pretty rainy so there were barley any people in the store and I was fixing any products that were out of order. I was just chilling since there was barley anything to do.

Cue EP and EK come strolling into the store and I don’t pay mind to the woman because she has that “can I speak to the manager” haircut. I’m already kinda wearily of this woman so I try to mind my own business and do my job. 

She sees me and rolls her eyes muttering something about “lazy teenagers” even though I have a job?? but whatever and she asks me rudely without a please or anything where the drinks are. 

I tell her which isle and she loudly exclaims, “ExCUSE ME, aRE yOu gONNA TAKE ME THERE OR WHAT??? TAKe me there NOW or I’ll speak to the manager. This is why you get paid.” 

I only nod and don’t say anything. So I take her to where the drinks are and she doesn’t say thanks or anything, only scoffs and pushes me away.

So I’m fixing some stuff that fell onto the floor, not too far away, and I see EK climbing onto the ledge where the drinks are. 

“Excuse me! We just mopped the floor so it’s slippery and plus your son can’t be climbing that . It can fall or he can get hurt.” I say this as politely as possible and I don’t want to get in trouble cause of some kid. You know? Applying to colleges and a record won’t do me any good.

She gives me a nasty glare and snaps, “DONT TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY CHILD. Mind your own fucking business!!!” 

Her kid is STILL climbing the ledge part where the alcohol is and I’m getting more anxious just looking at this kid. 

So while the mom is busy I go to him and ask, “hey can you please get off? You can get hurt.” He starts SCREAMING for his mother and she comes running like a mad bull. She asks him if he’s okay and if I hurt him and he tells her, “she’s not letting me play!!”

She starts yelling at me and insulting me calling me stupid and what not. She threatens me that she knows the manager and she will get me fired. 

She tells me to fuck off and continues to shop for wine while her kid is climbing on that ledge and I get this bad feeling when I see him jump down HARD and everything starts to shake. 

I RUN and tackle this kid to the ground to push him out of the way then right at that moment the whole drinks fall onto the ground. 

There is red everywhere since it was part of the wine isle and I see myself badly cut. The kid is crying probably because I pushed him and the mom comes running and she starts shrieking like a banshee. “THIS STUPID TEENAGER TRIED TO KILL MY SON!!!!!” 

And I told her that I literally saved her sons life since he could have been crush or hurt badly by the glass. My thigh is bleeding since it got cut and she grabs my arm, digging her nails into my arm , “YOU ARE NOT GOING ANYWHERE. IM PRESSING CHARGES AND CALLING THE POLICE YOU MURDERER!!!” 

I think I want to cry because I’m loosing blood and she has a strong grip of my arm. The police arrive and I’m literally about to be escorted as the EP watches me smuggly when the manager comes running. 

I explain everything to him since he’s known me since elementary and I’m not an evil child-killer. He tells me he has everything on camera and I almost cry in relief. The EP seems to go a little pale but is STILL insistent on pressing charges at me and the store, demanding that I be arrested for assault of her kid.

The police review everything and even an eyewitness who saw and HEARD everything pitches in. The manager and police said I did he right thing and say I can press charges because EP hurt my arm pretty badly. 

She’s still fuming and now is threatening the police so she’s taken away and arrested. The kid is picked up by whom I presume is his dad and I’m taken to the hospital to treat the glass shards in my leg. 

If I’m badly hurt from a few shards of glass, I can’t imagine what would have happened if the kid was still there climbing. I don’t think I could forgive myself if I had let him get hurt. 

Edit: Thanks for the gold and sliver, stranger! 
Also to those asking if I am pressing charges, yes. First she hurt me pretty bad(her grasp left some marks and a bruise) and the manager is pressing charges too because she left over $5000 in damages by breaking A LOT of expensive alcohol.

Edit2: so a lot of people are asking how the police believed EP but not me. They weren’t arresting me but escorting me else where to question me since EP kept on interjecting and screaming. I basically feared the worst since there were no witnesses (I had thought) and some part of our store has a blind spot with no cameras. Luckily there was a camera AND a witness. 

Edit3: wow thanks for platinum! 

Edit4: thanks for another gold wow! the manager was in his office I believe since it was a slow day and there wasn’t a lot of people. The police was there first because EP called them and told them I assaulted her son since I pushed him out of the way and maybe he had a bruise but he wasn’t really hurt. 

I’ll try to answer all your questions :-). /nSo this happened a while ago -- I'm going on another cruise soon and was sharing old stories, and realized that this might make a good one to post on reddit. Not sure if it fits exactly under Entitled Parents, so apologies if it doesn't belong here! Another sorry for the length and that there's no dialogue, I can't remember too much and it's more the situation that went out of hand (and what the parent did) than what the parent said. This is my first post here, I hope you enjoy!

&#x200B;

Two or three years ago, I went on a cruise with my mother and my friend (with his mother). We grew up together as our families are really close, so we're practically like siblings. This was an eight day cruise, departing from NYC, going around the Caribbean, and then going back up. The ship was one of the really nice/famous ones, with tons of restaurants, pools, water slides, etc. It had a capacity of over 2000 guests.

&#x200B;

On the second day, our parents made friends with another group of families, and we decided to head out together that day once the boat pulled into port. We met at breakfast, to plan the day. There were quite a few families with younger kids, and of course all young kids left to their own discretion at open buffets were *wild* and kinda gross. Later on, I overheard one parent (EP) complaining to someone about their kid -- Apparently kid wasn't feeling well and hadn't wanted to come, but EP didn't want to leave him behind to laze around in their room, as "they had spent so much money to go out and have fun". I didn't think  of it as something too serious, so we carried on.

&#x200B;

Around half way through the day (while hiking in the middle of nowhere, on some small mountain), I started having serious stomache cramps. They got to the point where I would have to stop and breathe every ten minutes or so. My mom and my friend decided to leave the rest of the group to help me back to where our tour bus was waiting, as I was clearly in no condition to continue hiking. It took us a while (since I was in so much pain), but eventually we got back on the bus where I could attempt to sleep and wear it off. We assumed I had gotten food poisoning/ate something bad.

&#x200B;

What I hadn't known and found out later was that the fucking kid from earlier wasn't just 'not feeling well', he had norovirus. Symptoms include severe vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, muscle aches, fever, and fatigue/lethargy. It can last days (which doesn't seem long, but keep in mind that it was an eight day cruise), and is extremely contagious, especially in close quarters.

&#x200B;

Well guess what, we just happened to be in a closed off ship with thousands of people. With open buffets, just waiting to be contaminated.

&#x200B;

By the next day (third) I wasn't the only one not feeling well -- everyone in our room had got it; my mom, my friend, his mom. There was a small line in front of the clinic by the time we got there (including a couple of the families who went on the hike with us), literally everyone suffering from similar symptoms. The medical staff gave us some sort of Tylenol-esque medication and told us to stay in our room for the next while, so we didn't pass it to anyone else. We listened to them. EP did not.

&#x200B;

EP continued to take their kid around to the waterslides, buffets, shows, despite everyone warning her not to. Her son was still very much sick, but she wanted him to have 'the best experience' on his first ever cruise. On the fourth day, word of mouth told me that it was quickly spreading. The cruise started offering free movies and in-room catering for those who were sick, in a futile attempt to keep them in their rooms. Live shows were cancelled, because even the performers were getting sick. On the fifth day, the cruise announced that they could not dock the ship at the stop of the day -- local authorities had heard of the outbreak and *forbade us from entering the port*. Everyone was in a lot of pain, I could barely hold down water without throwing up, felt dizzy if I did as much as stand up, and just in general felt like utter, absolute, shit.

&#x200B;

I had tylenol and rest though, and by around the sixth day, both my friend and I were well on the mend. We dared to spend a few minutes outside (no openable windows in the room made us crave fresh air). The population outside was *decimated*. If you've never been on a cruise before, it's like a mall on boxing day -- there are people everywhere, talking and laughing and eating and doing whatever you do on a cruise. But that day the ship was almost empty, other than some employees wearing gloves and face masks, and a few lucky stragglers. We probably saw around 100-200 people? In comparison to the 2000-person capacity.

&#x200B;

In order to have a good time, EP let her kid spread the virus to almost everybody on the ship. There is no vaccine for norovirus, so literally nobody could have been safe. Not to mention, cruise ships always have *many retired elderly with lower immunity levels*. She didn't just ruin literally everyone's vacation, she put people at genuine risk as well. I don't think her son should even had been allowed to board the ship in the first place if they had known he was sick, as I believe there are some regulations about bringing contagious diseases into the closed environment.

&#x200B;

Anyhow, moral of this story is, don't take your sick kids on vacation. If you do have to, for some reason, at least leave them in the room and let them recuperate instead of passing it around. It's not only better for everyone else, it's better for them too.

Also, avoid open cruise ship buffets if possible (most have at least one or two free a la carte restaurant options for all 3 meals). :,0

&#x200B;

TLDR; EP takes sick, patient zero son on cruise, son passes it to hundreds (thousands?) of people, everyone's vacation is ruined.

&#x200B;

EDIT: For those asking, we did ask the cruise line for a refund, but never got a response. So basically all we got out of it was the free movies and chicken soup while we were sick.

EDIT 2: Not sure if EP got fined/banned from the cruise line/etc; we had just decided to spend the one day as a group because of bus fees or something, and weren't close. Honestly it spread so quickly that it became less about containing the one kid and more about preventing more people from falling under.

EDIT 3: I realize now that the kid might not have been THE patient zero, but the point is that an EP let their obviously sick kid run around (and he was one of the earliest down, if not the first). :'0

EDIT 4: Thank you so much for the anonymous silvers (and GOLD??) This is like my first real reddit post, so it means a lot to me to be shown so much love! <3 Gotta go flex on my reddit veteran friends now.

^(EDIT 5: If this gets voiced by anyone, let me know? I didn't expect this to get so much attention lol)/nSo this happened many years ago, when I was 19. Some of the language used is offensive so warnings for those who are sensitive..

Background. 

I lost my leg in a car accident, was in rehab to learn to walk so was given a wheelchair to use whe out and about for extended lengths of time.
Cast

Me - one legged pirate 
Ep - really thick woman 
Tc - tied child

Story.

I'm about 3 months into rehab, which is going really well. I'm out in town doing a little gift shopping for the nurse's helping with my rehab. 

I'm in a chocolate shop grabbing a few bits and I stand up from my chair to grab something off the top shelf (large selection box). When the ep comes over.. 

Ep "your not disabled, I'm taking this" 

I just drop back in to the chair
M "you can't I needed it, I was" 

She cuts me off mid sentence 
Ep "your just conning the government for money, get out so my daughter can use it she's really tied."

M "I was in an accident and have had to learn to walk again, I need the chair."

Tc "mummy you said I could have it I want to be pushed around" 

Ep "ill get it in a moment" to her brat
      "your clearly not a fucking spastic, so get your dole jockey ass up and let my precious child have it... People like you make me fucking sick claiming to be a retard, so you don't have to work.. Sponging money off us hard working people so you can have a comfy life.."

While she was saying this I was slowly removing my leg and about 5 people and the shops staff were looking directly at us. 

Ep "you have till the count of 5 to get your fucking lazy ass out of the chair or I'll drag you out of it" 

I've just detached my leg and as fast as I can I go to hand it to her. 

M screams "shit my legs fallen off someone call a doctor, has anyone seen my original leg" 

Ep looks mortified and splutters an incoherent sentence.. 

M still with a raised voice and waving my leg around like a flag"help I can't find my original leg, everyone empty your pockets one of you must have it"

Ep basically runs out of the shop while dragging her child behind her, the group that had gathered around us were laughing so hard 

My future mother in law (at that point in my life) taught me in a previous post how throwing more crazy at these types of people seems to throw them and they can't handle it. 

A couple helped me refit my leg and I finished my shopping and went on my way.


Edit not not adding a photo of my stump to prove I lost my leg... Why can't people believe that more than just one person they've never met could be missing body parts.. I don't question everyone that has replied who been through something similar or demand they "show me their stump"/nOK so this isn't going to be your typical 'I have thing child wants. I say no, parent gets annoyed. Never see them again' story cos this is a story of a family I have to see regularly and there are SO many stories I have about them so if you want to see those as well, just let me know. Also just a heads up, this is long, so if you want the brief version just scroll to the bottom. 

So we know this family cos our dads worked together. The dad is actually super nice and a really great guy but he is pushover, his wife and daughter on the other hand... A very different story. Like I said I've had many events with these people but here is one of the most memorable. 

So my family and I had had a few days down at the beach and the day before I had gotten REALLY bad sunburn. Like 'it was only the next day and it was blistering already' sun burn. Obviously this was extremely painful, remember this for later. But anyway, we were invited to this families house warming party since they had just moved and they knew we were already staying in the area. This house warming party also 'happened' to be on the same day as their daughters birthday party. I'm sure you can see where this is going. 

So we turn up and we'd already gotten the whole 'make sure you bring a gift for us AND our daughter' so we gave the gifts and everything was fine. We mingled and chatted with people, the daughter teased me about my sunburn and repetitively tried to hit it. All was normal and bearable... For about 10 mins. While there are no more small children running around their eight year old daughter seems pretty certain that all this fuss is for her and proceeds to order everyone at the party around, things like taking phones and jewelry or demanding that she have what ever is on someone's plate even if there's a bit still available on the table, and getting super whiny when someone says no. I feel like this is a good time to mention that I was the only minor aside from her there this night (I was about 14-15 at the time),so of course I was put in babysitting duty.

 Even though she is eight and actually pretty smart (or so I thought), she was acting like a 3 year old toddler and climbing all over my mum because she wanted my mums necklace. We'd already seen her snap another ladies necklace who she'd done this same routine with already so my mum said a very clear 'no' and proceeded to ignore her. Her mum laughed and commented on how cute her childishness is. My mum openly disagreed and said that the five year old kids she teaches at school are better behaved then her. The little girl didn't like this and tugged on my mums necklace, which choked her, in an attempt to break the clasp. I quickly grabbed her under her arms and picked her off my mum before she could do so and asked if she wanted for go for a swim which is just the first thing I could think of. 

So I'd gotten changed and I was very much looking forward to getting into the pool because my back was very sore from sunburn. While I was waiting for the little girl to change her mum approaches me and starts chatting. She was asking me about my dog who we'd bought with us and mentioned that she wanted to get one for her daughter. I already knew that was a terrible idea but I didn't say anything about it. Her daughter then comes crashing out of the house and rushes straight over to my dog holding a long plastic tube. Her mum laughs and asks what she's got. The daughter explains that she found it in her room and she wants my dog to chase it. Now here's the thing about my dog, he's a small dog and VERY friendly. He adores people and playing with them but he doesn't chase sticks. Squeaky toy? Absolutely. Tennis ball? If you're lucky. Running around the garden?  Loves it. Chase a stick? No, never. 

So she chases my dog around the garden for a while and he seemed very excited and happy so I just watched them for a bit thinking it was fine. She throws the pipe and my dog just looks at it very confused. He continues to try and play chasey and doesn't even try to go for the stick. The mum, who was still with me, laughs and says she thinks my dogs retarded. I got a little annoyed and says he's just not stuipid enough to chase a stick. Thats when the daughter tries again, and once again he doesn't chase it. So she walks up to him and SLAPS HIM. HARD. IN THE BACK. I instantly run over and scoop him up and yell at her for hitting him. She just glares at me and says he deserved it. The mum then comes over and says the dog is fine and there's no harm done. I explain to her that she has no hope of ever owning a dog if her daughter abuses them so easily. The mum got shocked and annoyed and the daughter looked so excited. Apparently she didn't know her mum wanted to get her a dog and that is all she cared about. 

So her mum proceeds to berate me for spoiling the surprise and I just took it while holding onto my dog. The daughter then pipes up 'I want a dog just like this one, but it should be able to play with sticks.' The mum awws and says that she can 'make that happen. ' She then says 'maybe we can look after Dougal (my dog)  for a few days, just so we can get a feel for it.' I very simply said no and explain that I don't trust anyone who hits dogs for not playing. The mum, while a little annoyed, understood and said she'd never let her daughter hit a puppy when they got one. I basically nodded my head and made my way to leave and go back inside since I decided I didn't want to swim after all. 

When I got in I put my dog down and was surprised to see the daughter had followed me. She knelt down to my dogs level and apologized for hitting him and asked him if she'd hurt the puppies. I was very confused by this. 1. My dogs male, he can't get pregnant. 2. He's desexed so he REALLY can't get pregnant. She then looked up at me and asked if she thought I'd hurt her puppy. I said no and asked what puppy she meant. She explains that since her mum said that she could 'make that happen' the same way her mum said she was trying to 'make another baby' she had deducted that that meant Dougal was pregnant with her puppy. I swear to god I laughed for a solid 10 minutes. I explained to her that Dougal was a boy so he couldn't get pregnant so he didn't have her puppy. Apparently this was the wrong thing to say and she burst into tears. 

She ran outside to her mum and I could hear everything she was saying, she was saying stuff about how I was bullying her and how I said I was going to kill her puppy. Her mum marches in and demands to know what her daughter meant by that. I simply explain that her daughter thought Dougal was pregnant and I told her he was a male so that's impossible. I swear her mums face was amazing when I said this, she looked ready to give up. But it was at that moment her face lit up as she had had an amazing idea. She said we should breed Dougal with another dog of her daughters choice to make the perfect puppy for her. She looked delighted at her genius idea and I got up to explain to her quietly that Dougal was desexed so that was impossible. I once again had to sit through another lecture about what a terrible decision that was and it was so inconsiderate to do that to her daughter (I was 3 when this decision was made WTF??) 

Of course her mum then has to turn to her daughter and rather then explaining why Dougal couldnt have puppies she says '(My name) says that she doesn't want Dougal around girl dogs so he won't be having puppies.' The daughter then made this disgusted face and glared at me. I shrug and just go with it cos I wasn't explaining why we had cut our dogs balls off today. I walk past the mum and made my way over to my mum to ask if we could leave soon. Before I could I suddenly felt a blinding pain coming from my back and I SCREAMED. The daughter had run behind me in rage and slapped her hands into the sun burn on my back and dug her nails in. 

I obviously pushed her off and she didn't fall over but she did trip  and I got away from her as quickly as possible. My mum had grabbed a chilled bottle of wine and made me turn around so she could press it against where she had grabbed. She then suddenly started yelling for a first aid box because apparently I was bleeding from she had scratched down my blistered back. The daughter was crying and the mum stormed over and snatched the wine bottle away from my mum, smacking me in the back of the head in the process, and yelled at me for pushing her daughter on her birthday (it wasn't even her birthday, just her party) who was sat on a step wiping away Her tears but grinning at me. 

My mum was furious about how her daughter behaved. Like imagine the level of anger every triggered entitled mum has, yeah MY mum had 30x more fury then that. She started yelling that she needed to discipline her daughter at least once in her life or she is never going to grow out of her argumentive two year old phase, like she should have done years ago. Apparently the daughter had also called an Ambulance two days before to prank them saying that 'Mummy has broken my arm. I need the hospital,' and the mum had taken a photo after the police had arrived saying how her daughter was gonna become a proper prankster in the future and had taken her out to dinner because 'it was just SOOOO cute.' 

So yeah we left pretty quickly after that and we've only seen them a couple times since, luckily they still don't have a dog. Apparently breeding the perfect puppy is more expensive then they thought so they just have to look for one instead. 

SHORT VERSION: We're at a house warming party on the day of the daughters birthday party. She abuses everyone at the party because she thinks she's entitled to, her mum thinks it's cute. 
Her mum says she wants to get a dog, I then watch her daughter hit my dog. She somehow gets it into her head that my male dog is pregnant with a puppy that we're going to give to her and when I say that's impossible she scratches me on my extremely sunburnt back and makes me bleed, her mum refuses to help. We leave

So yeah if you want to hear more about the times this child:
Trashed my room 
Stole my clothes 
Hit some of my other animals
And demanded that we let her stay at our house because her mum was boring then just let me know! I'll be happy to share. 

Edit: OMG GUYS CALM DOWN. 3.7K OVER NIGHT????? YOU ARE AMAZING!! Thankyou all so much!!! I'll post another as soon as possible

Edit edit:  After much request I have posted another story of this family so please enjoy!! /nI was 14 when this happened, it was during chemistry when we had to go to lab to learn about neutralisation of acid and alkali, simple stuff really.

The cast:

EM = EK’s Mother

EK = classmate, also 14

FT = female chemistry teacher

MT = male chemistry teacher (we were a banded class so there were 2 Teachers)

DM = discipline master 

So the class was arranged in a way that I’m sitting directly in front of EK, I couldn’t switch because we were arranged via index number and cross gender and a bunch of other factors. Basically I can’t change my seat.

On our desks we had, as far as I can remember, a bunch of bottles containing chemicals, mainly Alkalis and Acids (weak acid but it’s acid)

EK was the classic ‘I don’t give a shit about school’ boy and constantly getting into trouble for talking in class, disrupting lessons, not handing in homework, you get the point everyone has had this one person in class before right? 

The class goes on as usual until MT confronts EK about why he isn’t doing the experiment (it’s just simple adding acid into alkali and seeing something happen) but EK simply just ignores MT.

MT gets a little frustrated and is saying things like:”Do the experiment, help your partner (it was pair work), stop being lazy.”

EK simply replied “Go away”

MT continued to pester him to do the experiment for a good 2 minutes. 

Then EK got super triggered and smashed the table before swiping away the bottles of chemicals, which unluckily, got me splattered in what I believe was dilute sulfuric acid according to one of my friends.

I thought I was ganna die because I could feel the acid dripping from my hair, my hair was quite Long and was able to be in contact with my back so basically my whole back was covered in acid. And the bottles we were given was only 5ml but I can feel my whole back drenched.

MT pulled EK by the arm and forced him outside the lab while FT brought me to the bathroom to wash away the acid that probably is already eating into my flesh right now. It was scary as shit, like a snake slithering on your back.

I got rinsed and had a few red spots on my back and got cream (or something) applied from the general office. And my Mother fetched me home to see a doctor. Nothing fatal really.

The day after the lab lesson, I was called to DM’s office with EK and EM, MT and FT. My Mother couldn’t be there as she got a part time at a supermarket. 

DM said “According to reports from MT as well as some of EK’s classmates. Your child splattered acid over (my name) and got an outburst of anger in class.”

EM replies “So? Does that seem to be a problem? Why not just ask (my name) to not sit in front of EK then?”

Excuse me? It’s not like I can change my own seat, if I could I would definitely because I wouldn’t want to be around EK.

DM :”Nevertheless, Your Son has hurt (my name) and reacted aggressively against a teacher, we have concluded 5 days in house suspension (basically detention from 7.30am to 6pm)”

I was hoping for a cane but that works too I Guess...

EM’s face was RED and EK still had that ‘whatever’ look on his face. I’m just blankly laughing in my head. 

EM, EK and me were told to leave while MT and FT remained to do some writings on EK’s report book or something. As we got out of DM’s office, EM just slaps me on the face, leaving a red mark on my cheek.

EM yells “WHY DID YOU GET MY SON SUSPENDED?”

Now I’m a shy quiet girl and I never get into situations like this so I’m just baffled thinking of what to say. And EM simply gives me another slap and I fall on the ground.

I’m about to break into tears at that point when DM storms out of his office and loudly asks

“EM, EK, you two need to leave NOW”

EM STILL had the courage to scream into DM’s ears “ITS HER FAULT MY SON IS IN SUSPENSION.”

DM was about to call security at that point when MT and FT also came out and ask “what is going on here?”

EM just screams “THIS THE ABSOLUTE WORST DISCIPLINE MASTER I HAVE EVER SEEN! YOU MADE MY SON RECEIVE SUSPENSION WHEN THIS....”

DM cuts her off and quietly says “Ma’am you have one last chance to get out of the school grounds before I expel your child.”

EM says with absolute confidence “You can’t do that!” And I really don’t think DM can because by law, school is mandatory though I Guess EK can be moved to another school (I’m not a politician) 

2 security Guards at the school gate came up and asked what was happening, DM simply asked them to take EM and EK away and the security Guards dragged them out of the school. All the while EM was calling DM out for “unfair discipline”

And for this WHOLE TIME, EK still had that “I don’t give a fuck about anything” look on his face other than a few devil smiles thrown out randomly.

I was completely fine after that and the acid burns left after a few weeks. Last I heard, EK was transferred to a private school and probably didn’t get his 5 day suspension. I heard rumours that private schools gave discipline cases based on income from the family so he’s probably going to be hell for the students in that school because his parents are quite well off. 

Edit: A lot of people are asking why I didn’t charge EM, if I could relive that day (not) I would definitely charge her for everything but back then I was too kind hearted and had no idea of any political matters. Granted I could’ve asked DM about it but I really just wanted to put that day aside and pretend that it never happened after I healed.

Edit 2: many people are asking what country exists where people can be held for 11 hours and caned? I live in Singapore and this stuff exists. /nUsual blah blah on mobile.



OH MY GOODNESS, SILVER! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
DOUBLE SILVER, HOLY MOLY!
THANK YOU!

I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS, DOUBLE SILVER AND GOLD!
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH, I'VE NEVER HAD THIS BEFORE 😍




The Players-

Me

Entitled Mam

Kid

TO CLARIFY

I AM IRISH

IN IRELAND

I *MEANT* TO WRITE MAM, NOT MA'AM


MAM HERE = MUM/MOM


So I was on a bus, heading to an appointment. I wasn't feeling 100%, plus had just squeezed two small humans out a few days ago so I was wearing my comfy clothes.

These consisted of black harem (Aladdin style) stretchy pants, my Converse, a vest top and my favourite zip up hoody.

This hoody is one that was given to me by my mother for my birthday a few years ago, and has the Tokyo Ghoul logo on the front left part and on the back, has Kaneki's mask.

Woman and her young son, maybe 12 or so, get on.
Son instantly notices my hoody, gets excited and asks me about it. We have a nice little chat about the show etc, when suddenly his mother asks me for it.

EM- Are you not a bit old to be watching the same cartoons as a kid? Is it not weird to wear clothes of a cartoon?

Me- Well it's not exactly a small kid's show, plus I love this hoody, my Ma got it for me.

EM- I think you're too old for this stuff, I wouldn't waste my time with it.

Me- (cos I don't have time for this shit) well I'm an adult who can do as she chooses, thank you.

Asked her kid- If you want any recommendations for other shows, I'll be happy to write em down for you, or if you like the hoody, I know a site that sells stuff like this.

Kid is happy, I write down the site. Mother is giving me stink eye, her mouth pursed up like a dog's arsehole.

EM- Instead of giving him a website you could just give him your hoody. 

Kid- Mam, no, it's hers, it wouldn't fit me anyway.

Me- I don't think so, sorry, it means too much to me.

EM- We could alter it to fit, you're just being selfish! What kind of fucking adult are you anyway, cartoon clothes, pink hair and all that shit in your face. (I have facial piercings, I'm used to comments) What must your mother think!

Me- My mother encouraged me to be myself actually and I like myself so...

My stop is coming up so I motion to move

EM- Ah! I knew you were a junkie, you're getting off at (town name) hospital stop! Explains a lot! Give me the hoody!

Kid looks fucking horrified at this, is slinking down in his chair to hide.

Me- I'm not an addict, and even if I was, mocking someone for an addiction is kind of low, isn't it? Not a good example for your son.

EM- Well I'm glad YOU don't have any kids, they'd be fucked!

As she says this, I am trying to move down the aisle past her seat but it's slow going cos of the queue. The second she says this, she punches me in the stomach hard and I just buckle.

Pretty horrendous pain, I won't lie.

EM looks terrified, son starts crying, I heave my post baby body up and give her deathglares while another passenger calls the driver.

Driver boots them off after asking did I want to press charges. I chose not to because her kid was in hysterics once the police were mentioned and I didn't want to upset him more.

I did take a sick delight in watching her be stranded and as I walked past her to go to the hospital, I spat out at her

"I do have kids by the way, I had twins a few days ago. I'm going to my checkup, you humpy dense bitch"


Tldr- mother punches me in the gut for not handing over a hoody I got as a present/nTL;DR at the bottom. And sorry about long post.

&#x200B;

**Little bit of background:**

I buy live crickets and worms every Tuesday to feed my pet lizard and I take a tram home, as I do every day after work.

I'm in the tram, holding on a railing and I have white plastic bag hanging from my wrist. The bag is little bit open from the top and you can see few transparent plastic containers in it. The bag makes this rustling sound and quite noticeable \*pop\* every now and then as the crickets are trying to jump around, hitting the sides of the boxes. And the containers moves around a bit, as a result of that. All this action in the bag attracts the attention of a kid nearby.

Without me noticing, the kid comes to investigate and pulls the bag that is hanging from my wrist, probably to see in better. I instinctively pull my hand back a little bit and the kid loses his balance, we are in a moving tram after all and I didn't see him.

&#x200B;

**Interaction between us begins:**

Me, being my usual polite self: "Oh, sorry little buddy, didn't see you there, are you OK?"

Kid says nothing, but gets up and just stares my bag, as the sounds coming from the bag gets more intense, as the bag has been disturbed. The mom is staring daggers at me, while being on a phone. I kneel down to the kid and open the bag a bit to reveal 3 plastic containers, two contains about 10 crickets each and bottom one has mealworms in it. Crickets at the top are bright yellow/greenish and now making a lots of ruckus, as more light is going into the bag, prompting crickets to try to escape from their containers.

Kid with his eyes widened: "WHOA! That's sooo COOOOOL!"

Me, explaining happily: "Yeah, I'm feeding these bugs to my little lizard, crickets are his favorite bugs and here is a picture of the lizard (which I show to the kid from my phone)."

Kid looks amazed and shortly turns around and runs to his mom few paces away: "Mommy, mommy, there are a-mi-nals in the bag. Mommy, there are, amani--, animani--, animals in the bag. Come and look at the animals in the bag! Bogs in the bag! There's circr--, cickre--, crikihi--, chi-huahua! Biiig bogs!" (Sounds like "dogs" more than "bugs".) All this while the kid is pointing at my precious bag.

I'm thinking I could give the kid one or two crickets, but as soon as the kid would "open" his hands to take a look what he got, that cricket would jump and escape. And those might spook some other people, and the kid too. So, nope.

Anyways, the encounter with the kid put a big smile on my face and to his as well.

(As a pro-tip, gold fish net is best tool to capture rogue crickets when they escape in your apartment, if you don't want to release hungry lizard to chase them down.)

&#x200B;

**The crazy mom mode enabled:**

Few moments later, the Mom sighs loudly, rolls her eyes and puts her phone away. She focuses on me and approaches with a facial expression on that would make lemons (and demons) to run away, so she will be "Karen" from now on. I already knew somehow what was coming at this point.

Karen says: "What, you have a dog in the bag? That is no place for animal. It suffocates like that. You need a proper leash for it and let it walk free. That sort of a bag is very bad for the dog."

She tries to reach for my bag. I pull the bag away from her. Kid is just standing behind her and started to dig through his backpack on the floor. I'm holding on to railing with one hand, so I really can't open the plastic bag quickly enough to show her the contents.

Besides, it's none of her business and I really don't want her to grab the bag. The bag indeed has live insects in it, so I handle it with care and respect (Save the bees and spiderbros etc !), regardless of them going towards inevitable slaughter, executed swiftly by my hungry little lizard.

&#x200B;

Me, trying to explain to her while I'm laughing and dodging her claws, directed to my bag: "Oh, no, this just food for my liz..."

Karen, angrily: "Shut it. I know better than you. I know people working in animal shelter. I have cats and dogs, I know how to handle them. Now hand the bag over and let's see it!"

She has this look like she's my elementary school teacher with authority to discipline me and confiscate my bag to inspect it. Every time I'm trying to show her what is in it, she tries to grab it, so I keep pulling it away from her reach.

Karen, as she can't get the bag: "Give it here! You should not have any animals, you are torturing them like that! Now, give it to me!"

Me, taking a step back: "It's OK, these are crickets and worms and not going to live for more than few days until..."

I'm trying to get a chance to show her the contents, but as she tries to grab the bag again and again, I keep pulling the bag away from her again and again. This is preventing me to reveal the boxes containing insects and she constantly cuts me off, and pretty much ignores most of the words I say and she seems to have very selective hearing.

Karen: "What!? You are planning to kill it, and on purpose!? Hand it over! Right now!"

Me, still laughing: "Oh no. These are crickets. And mealworms. And yes, I bought these for food for another pet, so their end is near. The shop that sells these is at..."

Karen, while still trying to get my bag: "Don't lie to me! And I said NOW! Hand it over! Give me that bag! NOW! I said NOW! Can't you hear me! N-O-W!"

I'm much taller with huge reach advantage and I'm body blocking her, so she can't get her hands on the bag. This really pisses her off, as the sweet forbidden bag is just outside of her reach and big old stupid me is between her and her prize.

My suppressed laughter really doesn't make things better. I think my snickering is even adding fuel to the fire.

&#x200B;

**Guards intervene:**

Now she gets the attention of the residing guards in the much vacant tram, while I try to keep her away with my free hand. She wants to hear none of my explanations and her shouting brings the guards to us.

Guards, who have seen me taking the tram every day for 5 years at the same time, comes and asks: "What is going on?"

Karen, flailing her hands wildly: "This guy has a puppy in the plastic bag that it's going to suffocate! He told me so and I saw the dog! It's chihuahua puppy! Arrest that man! I'm going to take the puppy from him! Give it here! Animal haters like him should not keep dogs! Give it here! Here I said, before you kill it!"

Karen tries to reach my bag yet again and really pushes herself against me for better reach. Guards pulls her off from me and says: "Miss, please stop. Calm down. We'll check the problem."

Me: "Yeah, get off from me you crazy bat and don't touch my crickets!", and I do this no-no-finger-shake on her and do \*tsk-tsk-tsk\* with a grin.

Karen obviously not calming down, increasing her voice, she tells the guards: "But he has a puppy that he is killing! I own animal shelter (I thought you said you know someone??), that sort of a person should not keep dogs! That is animal cruelty and he should be in jail! He will drown the puppy!"

Me: "No, I don't and no, I am not! I have crickets! And worms! Bugs!", while still keeping my cool and having a bit of laugh.

&#x200B;

One guard turns his attention to me as they step in between of us. I happily give the almost weightless plastic bag for him to have it checked, while the other guard talks to her.

I explain to the first guard: "These are food for my lizard. I don't have a dog or such, I have no idea what she is about. These are from <Pet-Shop-Name close by>, 3 boxes for a tenner. She must be crazy with that dog nonsense. You've seen me before with the same bag many times." and we share a laugh.

The guard quickly agrees that I'm not torturing animals or drown puppies as she claims, and gives my bag of crickets+worms back to me. I'm cleared for all wrong-doing and both guards shifts their full attention to her.

(From this point onward, I don't have further engagement with any of them, but the show goes on.)

&#x200B;

Guard: "Miss, you need to calm down. There are no dogs being harmed. Those are just some crickets he has and..."

Karen who is extremely anti-calm: "You lie too! I saw it in my own eyes! Murderer!! \*Loud obscenities that I don't understand.\* He has a dying puppy in there! He's going to kill it and it's dying! Give it here! I said give it here! It will get a good home with us!"

She tries to get past the guards to get to me, to no avail. This is clearly pissing her off more and more. I move towards the front of the tram, away from them.

Karen: "Look! Now he's just walking away! Arrest him! You need to call the police! Animal cruelty is not acceptable! He's getting away! Do something! He's getting away! You are in conspiracy with him, aren't you?!"

&#x200B;

Guards starts to prepare to remove her from the tram at the next stop. As she then realizes that she is being removed when tram stops at the next stop, \*insert surprised Pikachu-face\* for good 10 seconds. Then she starts to berate the guards, which I'm too far to hear properly, and trying to push herself between the guards towards the front, unsuccessfully.

I take a look to the kid and he is playing with some smartphone/tablet type of a thing, blowing raspberries happily, probably playing some driving game. Karen succumbs to the will of the guards and gets the kid and their belongings and they all step out, allowing the tram to continue without delays. Next tram will be there within five minutes, so not much of an inconvenience for them either, besides it was nice and sunny outside.

Hopefully guards would explain to her what they found in the plastic bag: Bugs - crickets - so insects, not dogs or chihuahua puppies. And that she isn't taking it on the kid later, or encounter anyone else besides me, in same situation.

&#x200B;

I hop off at my stop and go home. For next month I was riding at the very front of the tram, just in case she would return at the rear. Maybe she just had a bad day. Or maybe she really, really wanted to have some crickets and worms?

Main thing is that no-one got hurt, apart maybe her pride.

I've seen the same guards (there are maybe 20 different ones at my route) many times after and they still just nods to me quietly, as they've done before.

Anyways, all is well that ends well.

&#x200B;

**I get home right on schedule to feed the little "de-bugger":**

My lizard was super excited for getting live food, as he always is. Bonus picture of my little lizard, basking with one of his new (doomed) buddies on top of his head: [http://imgur.com/a/02T4HeK](http://imgur.com/a/02T4HeK)

(Those actually are locust, not crickets, but it's close enough for me, and the guy selling these says these are crickets too. These are 5 week old ones. They actually grow to a length of a cigarette, and deploys wings at week 6. Crickets would be the ones making that chirping noise, these locust are quiet type. Or then I've misunderstood what is what.)

Sorry for complex grammar, English is not my first language, so some parts might not make that much of sense, but hopefully you'll get the point and enjoyed the story.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I buy live crickets and worms to feed my lizard, crazy mom accuses me of drowning a chihuahua puppy. Guards removes her from tram, as she accuses everyone of conspiracy.

&#x200B;

EDIT, about the lizard: Here is another picture when the little leg-snek was much smaller, trying to take a bite of a rock:  [https://i.redd.it/gtsz8361vhl21.jpg](https://i.redd.it/gtsz8361vhl21.jpg) I usually put that rock in his bath, so he has something to climb over.

Also, I named it "Super", as I didn't know is it a boy or a girl when I got it, as tiny little baby. After about 1 year, then it starts to become obvious is it a boy or girl.

If you want one, I added a quick guide somewhere in the comments. But do your research properly in any case to ensure well-being of it for years to come.

And as a curiosity: these things have 2 dongs!

EDIT2: Little Super sends thanks for the kind stranger who gave him Gold! 😍🦗/n(THIS ISNT EVEN A JOKE)
Ok so I was about 14 at the time and for the summer we were going to Universal Studios.
So I was sitting around waiting for my mum to show up because we all decided to split up (mum had my bros, who were 6, so I didnt want to hang around with them.) 


So I was sitting around on my phone waiting for her to show up because we agreed to meet up and go find somewhere to eat together. I was sitting around playing Fortnite on my phone when a wild EK appeared and started looking over my shoulder. I didnt really mind, kids do that.
Then he asks me for a go.


I was like "no sorry, you can still watch though." The EK looked REALLY upset. He mumbles out "but Fortnite is my favourite game." I reply with "I'm sorry, but you could run off the moment I hand my phone over." He walks off, pretty sad, and I thought that was the end of that.


And then the EM shows up.

Im like "hey can I help you?"

She responds with "why wont you give my son a go?"

I parrot what I said to her son, but shes not buying it.

The EM says "why are you so selfish that you cant let him have a go? He gets bullied at school and this is his time to be happy and you're ruining it!"

I am fucking dumbfounded at this bitch.


She just starts screaming "what the fuck is wrong with you! You son of a bitch!" Stuff like that.

And then Shaggy shows up and says (in Shaggy's voice, so he was technically staying in character)

"Hey miss, dont be like that, its really starting to upset Scoob."


The EM is like wtf, and just backs away slowly with the most confused look on her face.

And then she runs off for some reason.


My mom shows up about 10 minutes later and I explain the situation to her, she laughed so hard and said "if I was Shaggy I would have slapped her SO fucking hard" (just out of earshot of my bros, luckily.)


So yeah, Shaggy used his power to get rid of an EM and her offspring/nSo, a little background first. 

My church has a finished basement with a huge kitchen and common area, usually used for after church coffee/donuts, and big community events. Underneath the back stairs, going into the storage space, is a little one person bathroom, meant for mainly people with disabilities and/or injuries, so they don’t have to go all the way back upstairs. 

Onto the story.

About eight months ago, I had screwed up my knee pretty bad by landing very wrong on our trampoline, and was on crutches with a metal brace for a while. 

So during one of our breakfast fundraisers, I was sat at the end of the food tables handing out silverware. (This is important, because everyone who came through saw and greeted me, including our EM.)

I decided I had to use the restroom, so I temporarily switch with my God Mom, and hobble my tall ass over to the bathroom.

Everything was fine for the first two minutes of me being in there, until someone knocks on the door. 

Dialogue (approximately) as follows:

Me: Hello, I’ll be out in a minute!

EM: *shortly* Alright.

(Mind you, I can hear her child whining about having to pee, and I recognize his voice. This is important later.)

A couple more minutes pass, and I’m just starting to get up, when she knocks again.

Me: I’m just getting up, one moment please. 

EM: Can you hurry up?? My son has to pee, and we’ve been waiting too long.

Me: Ma’am, there’s bathrooms upstairs, this one is mea-

EM: I am NOT gonna walk up all those stairs (...literally one flight) to have him use that filthy bathroom! (They’re cleaned daily.)

At this point, I have my pants on, and I started to wash my hands. (This bathroom is small enough for me to stand without crutches, the walls and sink close enough for holding onto if necessary.) I sigh, not really wanting to deal with this any longer. 

Apparently washing my hands was a no-no, because I hear the child whine again, and then comes:

EM: That water is making him have to pee even more!!!! You are TORTURING MY CHILD!!! Get out here NOW or I’m getting Father [my Priest’s name]!!!

I turned off the water and went for the paper towels. 

Me: Ma’am, like I said earlier, when you rudely interrupted me, this bathroom is for the disabled. I know for a fact that you and your child are perfectly mobile..

EM: Then why are YOU in there??? You don’t SOUND disabled!!!

(...what does that even mean?)

That was the last thing out of her mouth before I opened the door, my crutches back under my armpits. 

Me: Well, I sure FEEL disabled.

EM’s eyes widened, seeing my brace and crutches, and she grabbed her kid and bolted for the stairs. 

I didn’t see her for the rest of the morning, and she still avoids me at mass to this day. It still makes me laugh. /nI'm new to Reddit and not sure if this fits into this subreddit but here it goes.
Since I was a kid my mom (EM) has been self-centered first and a parent second. I could easily write a novels worth of posts here about growing up with her. I developed a severe anxiety disorder very young in large part do to the things she would do and say to me. She is not an evil person, I genuinely believe she did the best she could but just didn't have the skill-set for success. As an adult I feel sad for her because it must be terrible to be stuck with a brain that works in such negative ways. Thanks to therapy, I have fortunately come a long way since my most anxious younger days. That being said she is the same old EM from my childhood and I think it would help me more to get out my rant here than to scream at her, so here it goes.

This happened a couple weeks ago. I am pregnant with my first child. I have wanted a baby for as long as I can remember and it took us a long time of trying to finally become pregnant. I won't bother with details but once it finally happened there were persistent signs of a miscarriage looming that doctors were warning us of over the first trimester. Needless to say, my partner and I spent most of the first 3 months stressed beyond belief and scared of losing what we've both wanted so badly. Everything seems to be going smoothly now and we are just starting to come down from that fear and enjoy the daily growth of our baby. Flash forward to me finally feeling comfortable enough to tell my EM I'm pregnant as well as the horror story we had been dealing with leading up this announcement. She showed very little interest (Picture telling someone it's suppose to be nice weather this weekend. That was the extent of the "joy" shown.) I wasn't overly surprised since it's typical of her and did my best to focus on our excitement. Then came her learning of my due date. 8 days before HER birthday. Suddenly her interest peaked to a flustered reaction and she made a comment or two about that not being ideal. I brushed it off and changed the subject soon after. 
About a month later I was in town without my partner and stopped by her house quickly. Almost as soon as I sat down she started in with what I could tell had been on her mind since our last visit/announcement, minus the flustered bit. This time she was ready. This was the convo:

EM: You know, December really isn't a good month to have the baby. We already have so much going on that month, it's really going to get in the way of things.

Me: What "things" will me having a baby interfere with?

EM: Well, there's Christmas to plan for ...and my birthday.

Me: So, two things then?

EM: No, it's also the neighbor's birthday and your sister's birthday is the beginning of the next month. I think it's just going to be too hectic with all of that going on.

*Sidenote* My half-sister is significantly older than me at 50 yrs old and we have never once celebrated her birthday since she only visits about once a year at best. "The neighbor" is an 18 year old boy that has zero affiliation to our family and EM just happens to know his bday is Dec. and somehow thought throwing this in helped back her case.

Me: Ok, well I guess we'll have to find room to squeeze my unborn child in there because there really isn't much I can do about it.

EM (ignoring my last remark and continuing with her train of thought): 5lb babies that arrive early are so much cuter than full grown ones anyway because they're so little!

Me: Given what we've already been through, if anything I'd rather the baby was born a little later than early so it's fully developed and has the best chance at being healthy.

EM: Having the baby a few weeks early isn't going to make that much difference. Lots of healthy babies come early.

Me (gritting my teeth at this point): So are you suggesting I go tell my midwife or a doctor that I need to be induced or have a pre-term c-section in November because a grandchild in December really doesn't fit into your "hectic" schedule?

EM (seeing my anger rising): It's just something to consider.

This exchange sums up my EM in a nutshell. At 71 years old, her main concern about the birth of her grandchild is that it will outshine her own special day. Since this exchange I have told several people my due date whose birthdays are also in December and every reaction from those people has been excitement and comments about how fun sharing birthdays would be and jokes about the best babies being born in the month of December. You know, sane reactions to happy news.

Thanks for listening everyone, I needed that.

TL,DR: After an already shaky first few months of pregnancy, EM wants me to risk scheduling a premature c-section to ensure my child won't be born too close to her birthday and steal her 71 year old thunder./nSo a little context first: I'm bissexual (Oh really?), meaning (If you don't know, where have you being for the past 10 years?) I date girls and boys (I'm a male). I was, for the time, dating a cool guy, we resolved to drink some coffee, so we gone to an off-brand Starbucks. I'm really open about being bi, so I don't mind holding hands or kissing in public. Now to the story.

&#x200B;

Me and my date where on a table on the corner of the OBS (Off-brand Starbucks) and we just ordered. We talked a bit, I don't remember what he said, but was a cute thing, so I kissed him, just a peck on his lips. We didn't know that a family of really easy offended people where on our side. They didn't like our gayness. A middle aged woman with a kid and a small bald man come to our table. EP: A neck-beard EM: Dolores Umbridge Me: An unicorn. My date: A bull. (Literally, my date was a 6'7 gym freak).

&#x200B;

EM: "Excuse me" Her tone was so sweetly fake that I became diabetic "Could you please not do that in public?" I knew what she was talking about, but to be sure, I feigned ignorance.

Me: "Do what madam?" She rolled her eyes, as if I was an idiot.

EM: "Kissing in public"

Me: "Why I  would? This is a public place, and I don't think the owner is against people kissing" I told her in a calm manner, putting a hand on my dates hand. He was gay, and really didn't like prejudice, he was short-tempered too, so I needed to calm him down.

EP: "It's not all the people, just..." He let the phrase hang on the air, but after a awkward silence, seeing that neither of us would complete the phrase he said "Gay people" My date looked angry, but I squeezed his hand and said.

Me:" You know... What you're doing is a crime, and if you don't get out off my face now, I will call the cops" I said in my firm but calm voice. The EM did not like my response.

EM:"What YOU are doing is a crime in the eyes of God" 

WHY? WHY GOD SOMEONE HAD TO PUT WORD AGAINST GAY PEOPLE ON THE BIBLE? WHYYY?. 

Me:" I think God would be more offended by you being a bigoted idiot, that he would be offended by me being gay" The manager had come to aid us, he heard the entire thing and kindly told them to get out of the OBS. The family grumbled but exited the building. He asked us if we where okay and apologized for that family.

&#x200B;

Now for the fun part. You thought that the EPs where mad because their young child seeing a gay couple? WRONG!

&#x200B;

Later that day I received a message from a girl that I dated some months prior, (We didn't click but we're cool about that) begging me to forgive her parents about the incident. YEP, the entitled couple where the parents of this girl, and they where mad at me for not dating their daughter and more mad when discovered that I was Bi, in other words, trading her, their princess, for a man. So they approached my person with the intention of harassing my date and I. I told her that It wasn't her fault, and It was cool. 

&#x200B;

Moral of the story: If you want to be gay, go to a Starbucks, not an off-brand. 

&#x200B;/nSome back story.  

My (now passed on) next door neighbour was a terrible busy-body who felt it was her God given right to tell everyone in our street what they could and couldn't do from where they parked their cars to what flowers they could grow.  She had to know everyone's business and would harass people until she got answers, even going as far as stalking (but that is for other stories).  If she didn't get her own way, she would spread the most evil gossip.  Her adult children, a son and a daughter were both greedy and deeply entitled believing that because the majority of the street were either social housing or rented properties, they were better than everyone else and if they didn't get what they wanted then "mother" would sort it out.  I have many stories about this neighbour far worse than this but I will start off with this one as it is the mildest thing she had done and fits into the EP subreddit better.

The son owns two other properties near the end of the street which he rents out.  At the very end of the same street is another house with a plot of land right next to it.  The owners of that house and land built a garage that they use for work, rebuilding old cars and bikes.  The business is at least 30 years old, handed down from father to son.  It's very small so they can only work on one vehicle at a time but due to the owner's skills at restoration, they are always in high demand.

One day about ten years ago, the son rocks up in his latest BMW and walks up to the owner - a father and his teenage son.  The rest of this conversation is paraphrased as I was not a witness but this was told to my family by the owners themselves.

S - Son, O - Owner (father), you know the drill.

S: Hey guys it's your lucky day.  I want to buy your land.  I will give you £15,000 (Notice that he didn't ask if it was for sale or offer to negotiate a fair price).  

O: Um, no, sorry.  The business it not for sale.  Thanks for the interest though.

S: I wasn't asking for your business.  You can set up somewhere else.  I want this land.  It's just the right size to build another house on.

O: Well sorry no.  This is our livelihood.  We can't just move.  We would lose business while looking for some place else and besides, it used to be my father's garage and it's next door to our home so why would we want to sell it?

S: So you can make money.  (Insert a random duh face here)

O: But we make money working here so...  Sorry but it's not for sale.

The son then does what you would expect a grown man of 30, yes, 30 to do.  He complained to his mother.  His mother takes no time at all to walk back to the garage.

EM: Why won't you sell your garage to my son?  He wants to build a house here.

O: Because this is our place of business and we don't want to sell.

EM: You shouldn't even be working here.  It's dangerous.  

O: I can assure you ma'am, everything is up to code and we have every right to work here.  Now please leave us alone.  

EM: What are you hiding in there?  Is it drugs?

O: What?  No, we are fixing up an old bike.

EM: I knew it.  You are working here illegally.  Sell your land to my son or I will contact the authorities.  

The owner laughed and told her to go ahead.  She stormed off and they thought it was over.  Just the nutty ravings of a mad granny, right?

An hour later, sure enough the police arrive.  Apparently an anonymous caller rang them to say that the owners had been dealing drugs out of the garage.  It was obvious who had called them.  Of course all the neighbours had seen the police arrive.  Our street is normally quiet and we are all nosy bastards so when you see a blue flashing light, you step out and watch the show unfold. EM took great glee in telling everyone stood around and watching the chaos how the owners had been "selling drugs to children" and how she wasn't the one who called them but "everyone knows what is going on and thank goodness something is finally being done about it".  Half the neighbours were shocked at this event but a few of the longer term residents were already giving her the side eye like it was on special offer at Tesco or Walmart.  She must have been feeling pretty smug with herself.  Only there was a snag.  Just a little one.  

Because the tiny garage worked on rare and old cars which can be expensive, the owners had CCTV.  That was something EM had not counted on.  After the police had shown up, the owners knew who the culprit was and had no issue with showing footage, complete with sound to the officers showing EM threatening to call the police if they didn't sell the land.  With half the neighbours out and watching events unfold, the EM's face switched from smugness to fear as the police walked away from the garage and approached her instead.  The officer then asked if they could step inside her home to discuss something she "probably did not want her neighbours to hear."  

She received a warning regarding harassment and wasting police time.  The owners of the garage were never bothered again and the last remaining neighbours who didn't know how bad she was finally saw her for the witch she was.  Sorry the ending wasn't epic but that's just how it was.  Ho hum.

Update:. Oh.  Wow.  Um... (Yep socially awkward online as in real life, sorry, I am rubbish) Thanks for all the upvotes and the silver.  I really didn't expect this to be so popular especially as I posted it at 3amish while on a load of pain killers.  I will try to post more about crazypants as we called her in the future although they are not so much EP stories as batshit crazy bitch ones.

Further update: I did post another story but it was sadly eaten by Gremlins.  I will try again soon.

Super further update: New story.  https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bf2q2x/harassed_over_a_parking_spot/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share/nSo this happened some time ago when i was in elementary school

I had a friend i normally walked home with so you could say we were pretty close? Anyway we both decided to go to my place after school that day to have fun with my games (at that time i and my brother each had a nintendo ds) So i whip them out and we started playing, i asked if he wanted anything from the fridge as i was going into the kitchen.

He doesn't reply, so on my way back with some food and snacks i realize that good ol' buddy of mine is no where to be found, i figured he may have gotten bored and gone home (he has that kind of behavior) so i proceed to putting the games to charge, i then realize they're gone as well so i figure he took them, we were buddies but i had never really given him anything of mine so them being stolen was a new experience or me.

Anyway i know where he lived at the time and decided to go over there the next day since it as the weekend, i get to his place and a guest of theirs opens up, i immediately see friend holding my ds in his grubby mitts i proceed to greeting him and he quickly tucked my game in his pocket, i request that he gives them back so i can leave (as i saw, when the battery is dead or low a red light blinks incessantly and as dumb as he was, forgot to steal the chargers so i proceed to meeting his mum who was watching tv in the living room.

ENTER THE ENTITLED MUM

Me: hello EM i came to collect my games back from friend, he took them from my house without permission yesterday

EM: what games ?

Me: i point to the rectangular bulge in friends pocket

Em:Are you talking about the playstations i got for my boys?

Me: ( i was quite lost at this point as she doesn't know what make they are and still having such confidence)

Me: they aren't playstation, they are nintendos and they are mine

Em: are you calling me a liar? in my own home?! i got them for my boys for being such good children!

(at this point she was red with rage)

Em: They are very well behaved boys and they deserve the best

Me: sorry ma'am i don't mean to make you mad but those games are stolen and i want them back please

she then proceeds to shout obscenities at me, even in front of her guests , i then realize there's no point so i retreat

for now.

my parents arrive from work and i tell them the story, my dad goes ballistic (just how i liked)

we march over there and my dad smashes the doorbell, luckily Em opens up and my dad being who he is, demands the video games back

EM: glares at me behind my dads leg

ME: \*smiling like the grinch\*

Em: hello sir what games are you talking about?

Dad: you know damn well what were here for return them before we call the police

Em: the playstations? i bought them for my angels and no one can take them away from them

i thought to myself at this point the games are dead for over a day now so i'm sure they've been laying around for hours

Em: \*shouts for friend and friends brothers to come downstairs\*

Em: show them your games boys

they show the games which had their names scratched all over them

i start sobbing at the horrible sight

Em: see? the games are theirs, they even have their names on them

then my dad does the craziest thing after seeing me sob, he snatched the games and destroyed them there and then in front of everyone i was totally shocked, Em's eyes widened and she was speechless, my dad then proceeds to taking us back home and a few days later he got me new nintendos with like twice the games i had before the incident, he said he called Em and her family and told them never to interact with us again

haha, dumb Em

Edit: bless you kind stranger for the platinum, meant alot :)/nSo this is my third post, second while I was on duty. This story was my first encounter with an EP. I actually don’t know if this counts... This time around the entitled parent was a guy and even though his kid wasn’t around I knew he had a kid from the conversation we had. What is about to take place happens quite often, unfortunately, and as a result is the reason for many unnecessary phone calls to the police force ( as a friend has told me who work the emergency phone lines. Those guys are unsung heroes) 



The cast for today:

EP: Entitled Parent (Dad)
K1: Kid #1
K2: Kid #2
There were about nine kids that all interacted but it was all pretty much said the same so I will sayyy
KG: Kid Gang
ME: Le Moi



Anyway I was 2 hours into my shift and those first two hours were spent in the office gathering what we know about the case, me being a little wet behind the ears, I was assigned family liaison. Not saying this job doesn’t go to the more seasoned officers, it’s just more than likely to go to the new guys. It can really give you the insight and empathy that is needed to do this job. I personally like this side of my job, not all the time mind. Sometimes, doing the interview room with the suspect is pretty thrilling, almost want to Phoenix Wright it sometimes. HOLD IT! Anyway. But, I’m sure that is a way to disregard a lot of things, especially working a serious case. 


So, I don’t actually drive, I’m learning but I don’t drive yet. So when I get assigned places. I usually take the tube or if I’m lucky I get dropped off by an officer who is just coming off duty. That day was my lucky day, an officer was coming off duty + dropping something off at another custody station so it was me and another officer in a squad car going to where I needed to be. Funnily enough where I needed to be wasn’t a million miles away from where I actually lived. 2 roads (Blocks) away actually.


I get out of the car look at the address where to be, tap the top of the car as goodbye and off my colleague went. I get ready to start a walking when I am confronted by a large (6ft 140KG), oldish (Late fifties) man. 


EP: ABOUT BLOODY TIME! I CALLED YOU GUYS 20 MINUTES AGO! 
Me looking a tad confused because to my knowledge I was meeting a young woman and I was early


ME: Sorry sir, I think you’ve got the wrong person I’m h—


EP: WHAT!? You are the police right? 


Just as a side note. One of my biggest pet peeves is people interrupting. It used to happen all to often when I first started this job. 


ME: well, yeah I am but I’m actually in the middle of something right now so I ca—


EP: You see those lads over there? 

He points at a group of teenagers that were doing what teenagers do. Stand around and have a laugh with one another. They were predominantly black with one white kid and one Asian kid they were all pretty much dressed in black too and they were playing music. But it wasn’t loud enough to cause an issue, not in my opinion anyway. They were also not in the way, of anyone. They were in a park 


ME: yeah...


EP: I want them gone. Who knows what they are up too. I don’t want me or my kids to get stabbed by them


Me: They have knives? 


EP: Probably! 


Me: oh... So you don’t actually know, you’re just assuming that th-


EP: WELL THEY PROBABLY DO. YOU KNOW WHAT N*****S ARE LIKE. GO OVER THERE AND MOVE THEM ALONG. 


I was taken aback by his blatant racism, straight to my face about a group of kids that were doing no harm. For the sheer fact I was early for my meeting. I decided to humour him and go speak to the kids. Not to move then along, just to see what was what. As I walked over EP followed me over despite me telling him to stay put. Last thing I want is this guy barking orders from behind. 


K1: Ayup Zero_2_deniro, how’s it going?


I knew these kids, matter of fact. Three of them lived in the same building as me and I made a point to talk to them anytime I saw them. The police, currently, have a real tough time in dealing with the “youths” as my department calls them. You guys should see the training that is put in place in order to help the old guard deal with them. It’s laughable. 


K2: Hey Zero, my mum wanted to thank you for the other day for getting her shopping the other day. She wants to cook you tea one night. 


Me: no worries about that, I’ll speak to her sometime soon. You lads having a decent time, not doing anything illegal are you?


K1: Naw bro, we are just waiting for K2 parents to come home so we can go to footy


KG then started all talking among themselves as I turned to speak to a now opened jaw man. I’m not sure what he was expecting me to do, especially since being ridiculously racist. I sure hope he wasn’t thinking I’d join in with his thoughts. He quickly composed himself and attained a very angry face. 


EP: Right, you bunch of little cunts. You better fuck off out if this area or this guy will call his colleagues and get you all arrested! 


KG all stop and stare at this guy in disbelief

ME: No I won’t, they aren’t doing anything wrong...


EP: WHAT!? You have to oblige my request and move them along. YOU DO SERVE THE PUBLIC DON'T YOU?


Me: Please don’t shout in my face. I so serve the public, yeah, but they are doing nothing illeg-


EP: SEARCH THEM. THEY WILL HAVE DRUGS OR KNIVES 


Now with that said KG started to get a little agitated with this guy, rightly so, but the last thing I needed was a load of kids about to kick off with this guy. It would be a shame to arrest these kids for beating him up. I turn to the KG and point out K1. 


Me: Please (K1) control your emotions and your friends. You have nothing to worry about. Just let me deal with this


K1 nods and turns to his mates who are all cussing this guy out for being old and racist. 


K1: come on lads, let’s go to the shop. Let Zero deal with it. 


With that said all his mates start to wander off but carry on shouting back at the EP, calling him a wanker and what not. The guy also carried on with his blatant racist remarks. More aimed at the Asian kid. Calling him a P**I and a terrorist. 


Me: CARRY ON SIR AND A UNIT WILL BE DOWN HERE TO PICK YOU UP. 


With that said he stopped and focused his attention to me. His angry look didn’t drop, I knew I was in for some interesting insults. Heard it all before though. We, as a force, are quite hated by a lot of people. Usually people who do naughty things or card carrying EDL members. Apparently we single these guys out. 


EP raises his hand and points straight in my face: THE UNIT SHOULD BE FOR THEM. YOU DIDN'T SEARCH THEM, THEY COULD HAVE ANYTHING YOU USELESS CUNT. 


ME: Sir, if you carry on insulting me I will have to place you under arrest for disturbing the peace and drunk and disorderly conduct. 


It was daytime. But you could smell the booze from a mile away. After I said this he got right into my face and said


EP: YOU WOULDN'T FUCKING DARE. YOU ARREST ME AND I'LL HAVE YOUR JOB. 


I stand there with a little smirk and raise my arm to his side as an indication for him to step aside. Now, looking back. I get it. All he saw was me raise my arm, he must of assumed that I was going to grapple him or something. Before my arm was even halfway through its journey. He pushed me, hard. I went straight on to my arse. I didn’t expect it. I was a little shocked that this guy had done this I regained my composure as he was walking away from me. Calling me a F****t for falling over. I ran behind him grabbed both of his shoulders span around and used his weight and my own to slam him onto the ground with me knelling with one knee on top of his back using one arm to pin both his arms behind his back. My other hand was free to call for a unit to pick him up 


As he was pinned to the ground he was screaming all hell. He’s gunna get me sacked. Police brutality. Broke his arm (Didn’t). He has epilepsy (he didn’t). He pays my wages (to find out later he unemployed and had been for a decade). He was screaming all the things every pissed up, middle aged bloke says when they face arrest. 


It took ten minutes for a unit to show up and arrest him. Meaning I was a little late to my meeting and also a little scruffy from the scuffle. But after explaining, she laughed I laughed and I had a brew.  All in a day’s work. 


Thank you for your time once again. I hoped you enjoyed. I have one more notable EP that I will get to next week. Apologies if I was late. Work got crazy. If anyone is curious of the aftermath of this guy. I’ll try my best to answer any questions in the comments. Much love and stay safe!


EDIT: So a few people commented the fact this post does not belong here. I only put it here because he stated a few times that his kids could potentially be stabbed and they wouldn't be seen dead hanging around with them, be that a race thing or a group thing I don't know. Also, I'd like to add. I'm certainly feeling the love about me being a police officer and you are making my life choices feel that much better. I thank you all. Much love!/nSo I’m (38M, UK) a musician in a wedding band and as such, you expect the odd ‘Bridezilla’ now and again. But this particular occasion managed to be a lovely crossover between Entitled Parent and Entitled Bride. Hold on to your butts. 

So basically I dunno what weddings are like in other parts of the world, but here in the UK at about 8pm everybody makes their way into the main hall and takes a seat for the bride and groom to enter afterwards and begin the first dance. I’d had a few email conversations back and forth with the bride before the night and she seemed perfectly amicable. I spoke to the her in person at about half 7 after we (the band) were all set up and good to go. She seemed a bit stuck up, but normally I just put it down to them being a little nervous, too busy or in some cases too drunk to care. Stuck up how? Well I introduced myself, extended my hand to hers to shake it and she basically ignored it and went back to talking to one of her bridesmaids. 

I waited for a gap in their conversation and said “Hi [BRIDE], just to let you know that’s us good to go for the first dance at 8, looking forward to it!” BRIDE then turned around to me and said “EH can you not see I’m busy? Just away and do your job, that’s what I’ve paid you for.” Alright, so she’s a bitch. That’s fine, I’ve dealt with horrible brides before. Couldn’t spy the groom anywhere so I did exactly what she said and buggered off for a while.

So 8pm rolls around, we’re on the stage waiting for everyone to pile into the room. About ten minutes later we get the thumbs up from the wedding co-ordinator to announce them into the room. I announce them in “Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome on to the dance floor for their first dance as husband and wife, Mr and Mrs blah blah blah” Everyone’s clapping, they walk in, but BRIDE looks fuming. She marches right up to me and says “I wanted you to announce us as ‘The Blah Blahs’” So I smiled, apologised, and tried not to let it bother me, saying “Ladies and gentleman, give them a big round of applause as they take to the dance floor, The Blah Blahs”. 
“Yeah that’s better, fuck sake.” BRIDE says, stomping on to the dancefloor. 

So by now you’ve got a decent idea of what kind of person I’m dealing with here. Very rude, a control freak (I’ve met brides before who are control freaks but 99% of the time they’re still lovely), and doesn’t suffer fools apparently. 

So, we get stuck into the first dance (Perfect by Ed Sheeran) SO ORIGINAL). There are videographers, photographers and about 70 or 80 guests there, so as you can imagine for most wedding bands, the first dance is the main part of the night that you simply HAVE to get right. It’s pretty stressful but as long as you’re confident and know the song, you’re golden. 

That is, unless BRIDE’s snot nosed infant decides its time to enter your life. This kid appears out of nowhere and starts running around the bride and groom. He’s about just above knee height so I dunno, maybe 3 years old? For some reason he’s carrying some sort of stick with a ball on the end of it, kind of like a wizard’s wand. 

They’re laughing, everyone thinks it’s funny and cute haha great. THEN the kid decides it would be a great idea to abandon them both and while we’re performing the most important song of the evening, he runs up to the drum kit and starts absolutely SMASHING the cymbals WHILE MY DRUMMER IS TRYING TO PLAY THE FUCKING SONG. Now, cymbals (and most musical equipment) are very expensive and they don’t appreciate being hammered by things that aren’t drumsticks. This is literally property damage but what the hell, it’s nothing we haven’t dealt with before. For some reason people assume that bands are totally cool with having their equipment played with and damaged despite the fact that it’s our primary source of income.

Anyway, I’m just singing away, trying to ignore it and assuming that SOMEONE, ANYONE will come and collect the kid. An auntie, an uncle, a grandparent? Nope. That would be the logical thing to do, so nope. 
I’m trying to sing this song, just at the second chorus, and all you can hear is this TING TING TING SMASH SMASH SMASH. My drummer stops playing for a couple of bars to politely gesture to Entitled Kid (EK) to move away. EK stops for a few seconds, so I think okay good. 

So we’re almost at the end of the song, and the kid is running back and forth from my side of the stage area to the other. There are cables all over this area, and speaker stands which, with enough force, could be knocked over if tripped into. Not only that, but the drum kit itself. BRIDE seems oblivious to the fact that her son could be about to get his ear sliced off by a cymbal. Yes, they’re surprisingly sharp edged. Who’d have known. You see where I’m going. 

We finish the song. We made it. BRIDE doesn’t applaud, GROOM seems happy enough though. The kid goes away for a while and I’m amazed that nobody in the room thought it would be a good idea just to hold him until at least the first dance was over. So we kick off the night. 

Halfway through literally the second song of the evening, I have to stop the song halfway through because EK keeps throwing a balloon and it keeps either going straight at my face or into my stage area (pedals, more cables,mic stand, cymbals, not much space, basically dangerous for a kid). So I just say to the kid “Try and keep the balloon away from where we are please buddy” and I smile at him. EK looks confused for a second and then takes the balloon and goes away. We keep playing. 

Boom, 2 minutes later BRIDE walks up and stops the next song, demanding to speak to me, holding her EK. Who is now crying. 

BRIDE “Did you tell my son he can’t play?”

“What? No, I only asked that he tries to stay away from our stage area. As you can see it’s quite dange-“

BRIDE “He can play where he wants, you’ve made him cry!”

“I’m really sorry, I didn’t mean to upset him, I was just saying we don’t want him to get hurt. The drum kit can be quite dangerous, and he could trip over some-“

BRIDE “He’s perfectly capable of looking after himself you know, this is MY wedding!”

“You’re right, we just don’t want him to end up being injured, so would you mind just keeping him away from where we’re playing?”

BRIDE says nothing, looking like I’ve just taken a shit on her carpet and walks away with the kid still crying, holding his balloon. Prick. 

Alright so I feel at this point like I’ve done enough to warn her about the dangers of letting EK near all our equipment. I realise I’m really dragging this out now, so here’s the kicker. 

About 2 hours later (EK has still been hovering around the stage annoying me, I’ve been forced to guide him away from several dangerous positions), EK is running around the dancefloor. The dancefloor isn’t really far away from the band (something I hate about that particular venue - the stage area is tiny compared to the dancefloor), and the kid is running like crazy. He slips. He puts a hand out. 

He slices his fucking finger on a cymbal. 

There’s blood on the dancefloor, which I didn’t notice until my guitar player stopped playing with a horrified expression. The kid’s screaming, BRIDE is nowhere to be seen. I stop the song, I take my bass off and have a look. The kid’s index finger is like... hanging off. It was minging. You can actually see the bone.

So a guest FINALLY comes up while another one runs to get BRIDE. I’m freaking out, telling my drummer to phone an ambulance. I know it sounds absolutely stupid now but I was genuinely panicking thinking “Oh my god this kid is gonna fucking die or something” lol. I can laugh about it now but at the time I was freaking. 

BRIDE comes in, announces her presence with an ear splitting shriek, picks up the kid and instead of carrying him elsewhere, stands there and screams at me “THIS IS YOUR FAULT, LOOK WHAT YOU’VE DONE, LOOK WHAT YOU’VE DONE TO MY BOY”

Hotel doctor comes down, Ambulance comes to take the kid to hospital shortly after. BRIDE and GROOM leave with the kid. Needless to say we packed up all our stuff (drummer had to disinfect cymbal later) and left. 

We didn’t get paid obviously and BRIDE left us a review which was genuinely full of so many expletives (and untruths) that I could barely read it. Basically she tried to imply that I was being horrible and ‘bullying’ her kid all night. 

So. Moral of the story is, if you’re going to bring kids to a wedding, make sure you can either A) CONTROL THEM 
B) GET SOMEONE ELSE TO LOOK AFTER THEM 
Or 
C) DON’T ACT LIKE YOUR KID IS A FUCKING SUPERHERO WHO CANT DO ANY WRONG AND CAN WITHSTAND THE SHARP EDGES OF A CYMBAL.

This was all about 2 years ago. Thankfully nothing like that has happened since, but the amount of parents who just let their kids do whatever the fuck they want at weddings amazes me.

TL:DR Bride at a wedding thinks it’s okay that her young son wants to treat the band’s stage area like a playground, son eventually finds out the hard way (getting half of a finger cut off on a cymbal) that he ain’t Superbrat.

EDIT: Thank you for my first gold! Just to answer a couple of questions, when I say we didn’t get paid, we still kept the deposit (which is half the fee), and our agent eventually, after about 2 months of back and forth with the bride in which he finally threatened to sue her, she coughed up the rest of the cash. Apologies, I should have made it clear that we didn’t get paid ON THE NIGHT, but we did months later. 
Also yes, these days we take payment no less than a month in advance of each wedding. You live and learn!

Some are asking how the hell this could have happened as cymbals are generally not that sharp. I absolutely agree. Apologies if I’ve made them sound like the deadliest weapons on Earth, but I’m pretty sure for a child, anything can be a deadly weapon (against itself - I don’t mean they’re gonna go all John Wick). It was a freak accident. I wish I could have actually SEEN it happen so I could tell you more, but the whole night is a pretty horrific, long lasting memory in my mind. So I understand why people think this is fake but my memory of the kid’s finger hanging off speaks for itself. 
I’ve even got a couple of lovely DMs saying I should “make it believable next time” and what not. Yes because I’m so starved of attention I make up a story about a small child almost losing his finger. Jesus. Is that what people usually do on Reddit? 🤦‍♂️

And for all the people saying I should have taken them to court, my agent eventually threatened to until they coughed up the full payment for the night. This is the advantage of working for an agency; yeah they take a cut of your earnings but they’ll back you up in these situations and deal with all the ugly paperwork./nI’ve tried posting this before and it said I didn’t have enough karma so here goes maybe it’ll work this time...
This isn’t really much of an entitled parent and more of an entitled pet parent which I’ve found to be almost worse than regular EPs  

So i have a barn and there’s plenty of space so some people board their horses at my barn. Anyway I was out there one day with my horse and wanted to ride in the indoor arena because it was super hot out and the dusty outdoor arena didn’t sound very pleasant at the time.  Besides there were  already some people riding outside. I went in the barn to tack up my horse and all was going well until I got my saddle out and was sinching it up. One of the boarders approached me....

Cast 
Me: go figure 
EPM: entitled pet mom
NB: nice boarder 

EPM: can you *please* take your horse outside, my horse is relaxing right now and he doesn’t like other horses.


Me: what do you mean? 
I look up and see her horse is loose in the arena rolling around in the dirt and whatnot, honestly just being a horse.


EPM: well I rode him earlier and he needs to relax. 


Me: ma’am on the rule board it says horses can’t be loose in the barn when there’s other riders in the area, there’s a round pen for that. 

We usually use the round pen for warming horses up or training foals but it’s way too small to ride in which is why we let people let their horses loose in there

EPM: but it’s SO HOT outside and my POOr BaBy can’t HANDLE that. Besides everyone else is riding OuTSiDe 

Me: well I don’t allow horses to be loose in the indoor arena so I would like you to either put your horse away or move it to the round pen. I don’t make exceptions.

EPM: ABSOLUTELY NOT. It is 90° degrees outside and my BABY CANT HANDLE THAT


Me: miss it’s just as hot in here as it is out there in the shade, please move your horse I would like to ride MY horse in MY barn that I OWN. 

EPM: Why can’t you ride outsideeeeeeee 

Me: (in the same whiny tone as her) iTs NiNeTy DeGrEes OuT My POoR bAbY cAnT hAnDle ThAt. (In a normal tone) it’s my barn and I would like to ride here while *following the rules* so please if you don’t move your horse I’m going to have to do it for you. 

I honestly don’t know what set her off but she got all flustered and started ripping the tack off my horse. 

EPM:  I PAY TO RIDE HERE I CAN DO WHAT I WANT WITH MY BABY. 

Me: (getting pretty frustrated at this point) ma’am please don’t do that this tack is expensive. 

EPM: NOT UNLESS YOU LET MY HORSE RELAX IN HERE WHERE ITS COOL!!!!!


Me: I love horses as much as anybody  but it’s just a horse and they don’t care if they’re inside or outside now please move your horse. 

EPM: NO ITS TOO HOT OUT THERE ITS ABUSE, ITS ABUSE ITS TOO HOT YOU HAVE TO TAKE YOUR HORSE OUTSIDE NOWW I PAY TO BE HERE AND I CAN DO WHAT I WANT. 

At this point I’m really pissed off so I re tack my horse tie her up out front, grab a halter and go in to take her horse out of the barn. She was super mad and tried to hit me but there were other people in there who were just finished riding 

EPM: HELP THIS LADY IS TAKING MY HORSE 

NB: she owns the place she’s not taking your horse, I could hear your banter from outside. 

They held her back while I moved her horse back to its stall. I handed her a new rules pamphlet and told her I expected her to have found a new barn by the end of the month. I honestly don’t care I lost a client she was a bitch and I don’t want that environment at my barn.

Someone requested a horse tax so here: https://postimg.cc/tYt6kyLb/nLittle bit of exposition: I work for a local paintball and airsoft field as a referee and at their sales/rental booth. We have a couple events every weekend. Sundays are always a lot of fun, we host walk-ons and the people who come are usually experienced, polite, and sportsmanlike. But on Saturdays, the fucking birthday parties. Some of them are okay, mostly because kids just hide behind a wall for the whole game. Most times, however, it's absolutely miserable. I have a few stories like this, but here's one of them. This happened a few years ago.

EP: entitled parent, K: EP's kid (11 at the time), F: friend (one of my coworkers)

K forgets to put his barrel cover on when he enters the rest area. I run up to him, grab his marker (paintball gun), and place the plastic sock over the muzzle, as I was trained to do.

* Me: Hey, you gotta put this on when you come into this area, buddy.

* K: Oh okay, I understand. I'm sorry.

* Me: No worries bro, it's just a safety thing. Are you having a good time? (I didn't want him to be upset so I wanted to be friendly)

* K: Yeah, it's so much fun!

EP was watching this exchange from a distance. The kid walks back to them, and she sternly said something to him. She gave me a really dirty glance, and I mean DIRTY. Then she turned back around like it never happened.

Shortly afterwards, we were having a kids versus parents game. I decided to join the kids team to even the playing field. I ended up in a small bunker with K. He hit EP twice in the thigh. I laughed and gave him a high-five.

* EP (to me): Ow! Jeez, why would you do that? That's not fair at all, you're like a fucking pro and I never did this before! Learn some respect!

* Me: Respectfully, this is how the game is played and you did know what you signed up for. Besides, it wasn't me who got you, it was (kid's name) over here. Please calm down.

* EP: Don't lie to me, this might be my first time but I know more about it than you do.

* K: Mom, it was me, please stop yelling it's just a game, I'm sorry I hurt you.

* EP (to kid): Oh my god, now you're all buddy-buddy with this jerk?

At this point, EP took her mask off. I blew my wistle immediately and yelled "cease fire."

* F (to me): Hey, what's wrong?

* Me: Yeah, she took her mask off, I had to stop the game.

* F (to EP): Ma'am, you can't take your mask off mid-game, please follow me to the rest area.

* EP (to F): Don't tell me what to do. What are you gonna do, shoot me again? Yeah right, just leave me alone.

EP put her mask back on and went back behind the tree. I guess she expected us to resume play and pretend she never got hit or, more importantly, never took her mask off. Also, the other kids and parents were starting to walk up to where the refs were, so there was quite a scene. I told everyone else to head back to the rest area and we would begin the next game shortly.

* F: Ma'am, I will get fired if I resume play right now, you've already taken your mask off and it's my job to take you back to the rest area. You will be able to join back in next game.

* EP: What difference does it make? Can you PLEASE just leave me alone now?

* F: Actually, no, I can't. I also really don't want to curse you out and force you down to the rest area in front of all your friends and your kids. Unless you want to be removed from the property and your son to come with you, I suggest you follow me.

* EP: Shut the hell up, I'm not scared of your bullshit, just go away and keep playing the game like jerks.

Another parent comes up to console EP, asking us what happened. We told him EXACTLY what just went down, but she disagreed.

* EP: They both shot me after I fell down, my mask fell off and they almost hit my eye.

The other parent seemed to be able to tell that she was lying, as he gave me a look that seemed to say, "sorry, she's an absolute moron," and started to walk back down with the others.

* F: Oh come on, you're full of shit. Your son seems like he's having a good time, and the only reason I'm not dragging you off the property by your hair is because I don't want to ruin it for him.

EP officially lost it. She was MAD. She raised her marker and shot my friend four times, once in the groin and three times in the stomach. I grabbed her marker and ripped it out of her hands.

* EP: Ow! Why do you keep hurting me, you fucking asshole? I paid for all of this, quit being a dickhead and start playing fair!

* Me: You just shot him for no reason other than you being a total piece of shit. Get out, now, before we have to call the police.

My friend was now on the phone with the manager. Super cool manager basically told us that we should do whatever necessary to remove her from the field because she was a safety threat. That basically meant we could be physical and not get fired. Friend hangs up and turns back to EP.

* F: I'm giving you one last chance to act like a fucking adult before I start treating you like the bitch you are.

* EP: HOW DARE YOU? I give you MY business and THIS is how you treat me, asshole? (funnily enough she didn't pay for shit, the birthday boy's parents covered the prices for everyone)

* F: Have it your way then, dickhead.

My friend attempts to hold her arms behind her back and escort her back down the hill. She "broke free" and started trying hit him. He responded by gently but firmly pushing her away, and she slid about 6 feet down the hill.

* EP: FIRST YOU SHOOT ME, THEN YOU CUT MY HAND, AND NOW YOU FUCKING RUIN MY EXPENSIVE JEANS! 

* Me: All of this could have been avoided if you acted like a damn adult.

* EP: I'M THE FUCKING MATURE ONE HERE! GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE, ASSHOLE! I'M SUING YOU ALL!

Note that we weren't actually being super physical. We very much so could have been, but we took her threats of suing fairly seriously (insurance stuff is really complicated for paintball fields, and a lawsuit would cause lots of problems even if we won the case). She was really crying at this point. I don't think she realized that she had nowhere else to go but down the hill because we had to stop the game, she kept trying to break free and run back up.

We eventually got her back down to the rest area. She had a nice, long talk with the manager, who later told us he was trying not to laugh. He gave her an $20 off coupon just to shut her up (little did she know it was expired). I felt bad for the kid, so I gave him a code for some free stuff from our website, which he redeemed a week later. It was just a T-shirt, special socks, a cool face mask, gloves, and some other stuff. Not much, but I wanted him to have something so he didn't feel too upset.

In the end, me, my friend, and the manager had a good laugh over the whole thing. Me and F had to file a report stating what happened so that just in case she did sue us we had official records of the event. We actually found her Twitter, and she said that we "caused irreperable trauma" and that she would "be taking immediate legal action!" We never heard from anyone representing her. We did, however, get an email from the birthday boy's father, who said she tends to be "overdramatic and stubborn" and that he apologizes for what she did.

So last week, K came back to the field for an airsoft event and recognized me. He asked me if I ever posted the story anywhere, and I said no. He told me to put it on r/entitledparents, so here I am. Thanks for reading!



> EDIT: Thanks for all the support this is getting! K only stays with his EP every other weekend. His dad is really cool, and he has primary custody. He was actally kinda surprised that so many people liked the story, and he is reading the comments. I'll ask him to make an account so he can start replying!

> EDIT 2: My manager was cool with me sharing the story, but he asked me not to say the name of the field for privacy reasons, I hope you guys understand. Thanks, sorry! (Cool manager says hello, by the way)/nMy daughter is 4 years old and yesterday her preschool class went on a field trip to an 1800s themed park.   This is a place where all the workers dress in traditional 1800s dress and teach the kids about life during that time period.  


My daughters class was having a lot of fun.  They rode ponies and sang old nursery songs and went through traditional period kids rooms in big houses and did a lot of fun hands-on activities.  One of the activities they offered was making their own 1800s style dolls made out of corn husks and twine (honestly I thought they looked a bit like voo-doo dolls but my daughter loves hers) 

This is where the problems start.   Enter EM and her spawn.  These people were not a part of my daughters group,  they had just come for the day themselves,  but they were sitting at the same table as we were during the doll making. And lucky us,  they sat right next to me and my daughter. So I got a front-row view of the following: 

Kid: "mommy,  this is borrrring"
EM: (speaking to the park worker who was teaching kids how to make dolls)  "don't you have any other toys to make that are more fun? "
Worker: "no ma'am.  These are traditional toys from the 1800s,  and they can be fun if you use your imagination! " 
My daughter: (speaking to EK) "it's fun!  Look you can draw a face! " 
EK: "no!  This is stupid"
My daughter: "it's not nice to say stupid"
EM: (speaking to my daughter) "dont tell my EK what she can say"
Me: (to EM) please don't raise your voice at my daughter.  She was just trying to explain that these toys can be fun"
EM: "do not speak to me.  Who are you anyway?" (Turning back to worker)  "I need you to find something else we can make that isn't boring. These don't talk or light up or anything" 
Worker: "ma'am,  toys in the 1800s didn't do those things.  Kids had to rely on imagination"
EM: "I cannot believe I paid $34 for this crap.  There is literally nothing fun here for EK.  Where are the rides and games? "
Worker: "this isn't Disneyland ma'am,  there are no mechanical rides or games.  EK can ride the fun ponies though! "
EM: "if I wanted EK to ride a pony,  I'd buy her a freaking pony.  She wants to make something fun, like at build-a-bear"
Worker: "well,  you could go to build-a-bear,  there is a mall not too far away" 
EM: "that's ridiculous.  I paid $34 to come HERE!  I EXPECTED TO HAVE FUN!  If there is no FUN here then I DEMAND a refund " 
Worker: "ma'am please lower your voice.  If you want a refund you'll have to go talk to the ticket desk" 
EM: "funny how the TICKET DESK has a freaking CREDIT CARD MACHINE.  Last time I checked the 1800s didn't have CREDIT CARDS"

And then she and her spawn stomped off toward the ticket window.   

My daughter: "mommy,  that lady was CRAZY"

I have no idea if she ever got her refund.

Edit: by popular demand: here is a pic of the voodoo... Er... Corn husk dolls.  The one on the right is my daughters (creepily named "Emily")  the faceless one is the one I made.  http://imgur.com/gallery/GmKXFbK

Edit 2: the doll is creepily named Emily... Not my daughter lol/nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/baxcbv/pass_my_student_right_now/

Okay..... Soooooooooo. 

I feel like I'm living in the twilight zone. 

After school I got the expected call from admin to come in for a meeting.  Much of this meeting took place without me but essentially they rounded up ek and asked him... Point blank... If I'd ever sexually assaulted or harassed him.   Ek said "no. She'd never do anything like that" so then they showed him a copy of his moms email and I guess he turned very pale.  He said that after he got home and told his mom he couldn't play in the game she told him not to worry and that she'd take care of it. 

Ek was suspended 2 days and can't play until all missing work is in. 

Now... As for em
 They couldn't get a hold of her so they called dad.  Dad (not military or govt or hacker) is actually a mild mannered accountant.  Dad said em called him FROM THE ROAD and told him she was probably going to be arrested and not to tell anyone where she was. 

My principal relayed this info all while trying very hard not to laugh.  

School resource officer asked if I wanted to press charges.  I said no
 
End of story
 Not very climactic but oh well.  Hope ek gets his mom home soon.  Hope dad gets her some mental health help.

Edit: 
Just to clarify: I think mom (like most ep's) just lost her mind a bit when she realized things weren't going her way and then after she couldn't take back the email she panicked 

Dad was actually really cool and he has assured me that mom will never be in touch with me in any way again 

Yes I'm giving the kid a break.  After all... He had the opportunity to make my life a living hell and possibly cost me my job... But he didn't.  So I told dad and principal that when he comes back... If he can pass both a written exam and a practical (cooking) exam with an 80%... Then I will forgive the missing assignments 

Idk exactly why kid got suspended... But this may have been the proverbial straw that broke the camels back.  He's been in trouble many times before./n
Hi Everyone, it’s me again. Sorry it has been so long since I updated but I feel like you all deserve an update on my neighbor drama.

Here are the links to my previous posts.

[Post One ](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c8pk1d/em_breaks_into_my_backyard_to_use_my_swimming_pool/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app)

[Post Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cceop7/update_em_breaks_into_my_backyard_to_use_my_pool/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)

..........

The final event:

This happened during my neighborhood’s fireworks display. All the neighborhood families generally get together and have a huge fireworks night in the summer. A lot of money is spent on this and its not exactly a small show. We all look forward to this every year and everyone who goes will contribute some money or bring some fireworks to contribute. My brother is the one responsible for this event. He brings everything down to the park, get everything set up and then run the show. He doesn’t live with my parents anymore but still comes back every year to run it because he loves it.

As soon as it gets dark all the families start to arrive and set up their lawn chairs, etc. I noticed that EM and her kids have arrived, even though no one invited them. I was just hoping there would not be any trouble but apparently, I am just not that lucky.

As soon as the fireworks start, her youngest child starts to freak the heck out. The screams of this child were constant and almost as loud as the fireworks. The kid is young, so I am not surprised she was scared by the noise. EM doesn’t even seem to care or try to comfort the child. She just keeps playing on her phone and ignores the kid.

Two of her other kids than start to run up on the field to where the fireworks are being lite. To help my brother and avoid anyone getting hurt, I get up and run to stop them from doing this. I brought them over to EM and told her to please control her children as it is dangerous to go on the field. EM completely ignores me and continues playing on her phone. The kids ran up on the field four more times throughout the night. I had to continue to get them off each time as EM did nothing.

All the EK’s during the night just made the night a complete nightmare. They would take sparklers and snacks right out of other children’s hands. Pushed and hurt the other children when they tried to get their stuff back. Many of the other parents had to intervene and protect the other kids. They tried talking to EM but she continued to do nothing and ignore anyone who tried to talk to her.

This had distracted me and everyone else so much that no one noticed what her oldest (14M) was doing. He had taken a few of the roman candles from the boxes and had snuck away with them. He managed to also get his hands on an extra lighter. He went to the opposite end of the park near the house and proceeded to lite three at the same time.

By some miracle he didn’t get hurt as he was smart enough to at least have them facing away from his body. When we notice everyone went running to try to stop him, but no one was able to get to him fast enough before the unthinkable happened. He obviously wasn’t in control of the firework, this resulted in a nearby neighbors’ house, deck and a tree catching fire. The police and fire department were immediately called.

This time EM didn’t ignore what was happening and she quickly grabbed all her children and ran back to her house. There was a great deal of confusion at this point and everyone was in a complete panic. Soon the fire was put out and everything started to settle down. The neighbors house and deck had some pretty nasty fire damage.

The police questioned everyone at the site, and we all gave the same story about what had happened. Upon hearing this the police immediately went to talk to EM. When EM came out, she claimed that she and her family were never even there. She told the police that we were all liars and we were out to get her. This was quickly proven to be a lie as many of my neighbors had been taking photos and videos while at the park. In many of the photos you can clearly see EM and her kids. EM and her oldest were than escorted into a police car and taken away. The other kids were taken away by child protection services.

I found out later that EM is being charged with child abuse, property damage and possession of illegal drugs. Her case has not come to trial, so I do not have all the details right now, but it turns out that EM is a heavy drug user. She was tested at the police station when they found her to be behaving oddly and it was discovered in her system. A warrant was obtained for her house and a lot of illegal drugs were found. Now all her children are in the care of CPS and she is in prison awaiting trial.

………..

Well that’s my story about my neighborhood EM. If I hear anything about the trial I will be sure to post an update.

Edit: Feel free to ask me any questions that you have about anything that isn’t clear. I wrote this kind of quick and I am happy to clarify if needed. I will try to answer them all./nWhile the title of this story appears Cliché, I can tell you that this did, in fact, happen to me. 

I'll be using English terminology for a lot of things, and if you don't know any of it, just ask in the comments. 

As anyone in the UK will tell you, GCSE exam season is around now, and as a 16 year old, I will be sitting them. I'm not great at revising in a home environment, so I usually go out to this café I know about. 

It's a small café, 5-6 tables, and it served things like waffles, cakes, coffee and tea. Literally heaven for a British person, so, obviously the café is usually packed, meaning I was lucky to arrive the moment someone else left, and I managed to snag a table right by the window, facing toward the street. 

Now, this table is very much coveted, with it being right by the radiator, a great street view, a plug socket next to it, and it being near enough the counter that you can talk to the staff without getting up. Like I said, heaven for the British. 

&#x200B;

And, onto the story. I turn up, and order some food, and I was taken to this perfect table. Lucky me. I sat down and took out some files with some past-papers and some CGP revision guides for Physics, and I waited for my food to arrive. 

A little while later (\~3 minutes) a mother, father, and 2 young children walk into the café. This couple seemed to be sucking the life out of each other as they were standing there; the EM was like a bag of bones, looking exhausted as well, while the ED looked fat enough to cause a pot-hole just by getting in his car too fast. A waitress greets them at the door, and explains how the café was full at the moment, and how they could try their luck later. The natural response of a citizen of Earth would be "Oh, sorry, I'll try again later", however this ED took one step toward her and just said: 

ED: "Make room or you'll lose a customer!" 

W: "Sir, can you please--" 

EM: "How about this table?" \*She points to the table I'm sitting at\* "I'm sure you could kick him out for us?" 

At this point, two things struck me: 

1. They had very thick American accents. \[While I'm sure not all Americans are like this, these ones were.\]
2. Their kids had just started to run up and down the café yelling, showing their parents had no control over them. 

W: "No, he's a paying customer." She had started putting her foot down, moving them backwards toward the door. 

ED: "Yeh, well, so are we! And the customer is ALWAYS right!" 

EM: "Sir!" \*Yelling at me\* "Get out of OUR SEATS!" 

W: "Sir! Madam! I'm going to have to ask you to leave." 

ED: "Well, you can't! We know the person who owns this place!" 

W: "The city? We rent." 

EM: "Fine! The manager, then! And he'll get you fired!" 

Someone behind the counter just turned to them and yelled "They're a 'she'!"

EM: "NO! No he isn't! The owner is a man! Now get him!" 

By this point, the entire café had stopped eating, and were enjoying the show of the whale and stick-insect screaming things that weren't true. Me especially. 

ED: "Son," \*talking to me\* "Get out of that seat, and we'll leave you alone, otherwise, I'll make you get out." 

Me: "I'm just waiting for my food to arrive, so I'm not getting up." 

ED: "JUST GET THE FUCK UP! YOU'RE NOT EVEN DOING ANYTHING!" He was hitting the table with his hands, all the while, EM's shrill voice is screaming at the Waitress, who I have to say, was doing one hell of a job. I'll be honest, my memory is dog shit, so I'll just skip to the interesting bit. 

A passerby who heard what happened fetched a copper from somewhere, who showed up by the time ED became angry enough to try something. ED had reached over the table, grabbed my shirt's shoulder, and began to pull me up by it when the copper had just walked in. C=Copper. 

C: "Sir, I've just recieved a complaint about some people yelling in here." 

ED: "No, officer." By this point EM and ED had become model citizens and were standing bolt upright to make themselves seem innocent and holy. 

C: "I've just seen you pulling on this kid's shirt, so..." 

ED: "Oh, no, officer, this is my son, I'm allowed to." 

Me: "No, I'm not. Your kids are over there." Gesture to them licking the glass in front of the cupcakes

C: "Miss, can you give your side?" \*Asking the Waitress.\* 

She barely got a word out without the EM and ED yelling about how they were 'discriminating against Americans', and how they should have to give them my seat as compensation. Once they finished, the copper radio-ed for a car and some help, then handcuffed ED, and zip-tied EM, saying it was for 'Breaching of the peace.' 

To cut what is already a long story short: EM and ED spent the next 5 minutes screaming about how they would never come back to the UK, and how they'll tell all their friends about how awful the people and police are. Their kids were later picked up by some more coppers, I assume to take them somewhere temporarily, I didn't ask. 

Later on, I ended up giving a hefty tip to the waitress for excellent service, and then I left. 

&#x200B;

Again, any question on the meaning of the British terminology, just ask.

Edit: 
Coppers = Police officers

GCSE = Exams that are minimum qualifications in the UK

Edit II: Electric Boogaloo: Americans can stop apologising, I know you are all lovely people and I understand that these morons were the exception./nSo the obligatory – this happened 7 years ago.

I used to volunteer at an animal shelter when I was in high school. Where I am from, shelters overflow, and the adoption co-ordinators take in and give away dogs with just a signature, no questions asked.

Just to add, I love dogs more than life itself. This is especially why this story still makes me rage.

Scotty was a big black Lab. A  7 year old gentle giant. All he would ever want from anyone would be a few pets, maybe a belly rub. I met him, the best dog I ever knew, in the worst circumstance possible. He was being abandoned by his family.

Enter EM, EF and EK.

EM (40), almost tearfully claimed that there is no way they can keep Scotty anymore. EF(Late 40s) has just gotten a job in Australia, and the family must relocated. They have no financial means to take the dog.

I was just a volunteer, so I saw as the Shelter Manager sighed as she processed him into the shelter. The dog has no idea what was happening to him, he just wagged his tail. The Entitled Family dropped him inside, and suspiciously, without a tearful goodbye, left him at the door.

Now the shelters in my country are not like those you have in the west. They are basically a free for all, a big area in which dogs are just tied – some roam loose. It’s absolute hell, so we try to love the dogs enough to make up for the lack of insfrastructure.

Now back to Scotty. It has been two days and he wouldn’t budge from the spot that his ‘family’ had left him. He would hear footsteps and wag his tail – just to be disappointed. He wouldn’t eat. He was the saddest dog I had ever seen. I would sit next to him and he would just put his head on my lap and sigh.

I couldn’t bear it. I took him home. It took him 2 weeks to become happy from depressed. He also had a ton of medical issues – his liver was giving out. I wondered why his ex-family hadn’t told us he was this unwell.

One day, the shelter got a call, it was the Entitled Family asking if they could visit Scotty. Red Flag 1: They had to ‘urgently’ relocate, why hadn’t they left yet!

I told them politely that Scotty needs some time to get used to his new house. EM told me EK (10) has been crying for him and wants to see him.

I agreed.

They came to my house to meet him. Scotty was ecstatic. He was almost ready to leave with EK. What was funny to me was, the EM and EF sat in the car, while EK went up to pet him and take pictures with him on his phone. He didn’t seem emotional, and spent about 10 mins with the dog.

This happened 2-3 times, until I decided it was taking too much of a toll on Scotty

Everytime they left -It started all over again. Scotty was sad, depressed, wouldn’t eat. I promised myself I’d let him forget those people.

They had now started calling me every other week, and I asked them when they’re going to Australia.

(This has been translated into English so please bear with me)

Me: When are you guys leaving though?

EM: That’s none of your business.

Me: Well, Scotty’s well being and emotional state is my business. So I can’t let you guys meet him again. He doesn’t eat for a week after you guys leave.

EM: HAHAHA what emotional state. He’s just a dog. Listen to yourself

ME: And you didn't even tell us he had a liver problem!

EM: It's just a DOG, can you calm the fuck down

Me: You are not allowed back in my home.

EM: Ok then send the dog back to the shelter. That way EK can go see him now and then without it being such a hassle

ME: Excuse me? This is his house now!

EM: Fuck you, bitch. (and she hangs up)

So during this time, my dad was in palliative care at home, for last stage lung cancer. The house was to be kept quiet to keep my dad comfortable. Scotty would always stand guard outside my dads room.

The doorbell starts ringing frantically. I go to open the door. In barges EK and EM, EM vomiting some rant about how its her RIGHT to meet her dog, and pushing the KID to go pet the dog. Scotty was right outside my dads room – who he had grown very protective of.

Now this dog has never barked, he has whimpered at the most. He sees EK and EM charging towards my dads room and barks so loud, EM and EK are taken aback. I almost cried out of pride for this boy. He knew who family was, finally. He growled a little, and settled back down in front of my dads room. Not even a tail-wag their way.

They left and never returned.

As of 2019, they’ve never gone to Australia. Pretty sure his liver ailments (which he passed away from a couple of years later) made them think of him as too much of a liability.

&#x200B;

PS: I am not sure about the ethics involved in letting a former owner visit the dog – but I have read that it can cause trauma and hinder the dogs adjustment in a new home.

&#x200B;

Edit- A sentence

Edit 2- Here's a photo of [Scotty](https://imgur.com/a/jBWQ7Wi) if anyone wants to see! /nSo first post on here. Forgive any grammatical errors or if I misspell anything. 

This happened about a month and a half ago, but I had never discovered this subreddit until recently. So this definitely needs to be on here. 

Me: of course, who else would it be; EM: idiotic entitled monstrosity; CO: Coworker(s).

So as  I said, this happened about a month and a half ago. I work in a children’s hospital, and I register kiddos for surgery. We get a lot of people from different ethnicities and backgrounds. All around I love my job, but occasionally there’s an EM that just isn’t too much fun. 

So it’s been a good day, and as usual we get a few phone calls from mothers panicking cause they’ll be a few minutes late to their check in time. But I get a phone call from EM and it goes something like this:

Me: Same day surgery, this is Me. 

EM: Hi, yeah I’m letting you know that we’re not gonna be there until 11:00. I’m not waiting an hour for my kid to go back to surgery. 

(I failed to mention, they have patients check in about 1:30 before their surgery for the pre op nurses to get vitals, doctors and anesthetists to come and talk to them beforehand. And also, the kids are supposed to be NPO (nothing by mouth) so as to not put them at any risk with the anesthesia and such).

ME: okay, let me transfer you to the pre op team and you can let them know. 

I thought nothing of it really and figured the pre op team would explain everything as they usually do. But I was wrong. Apparently the EM yelled at the pre op team over the phone when they told her about the reason they have to check in 1:30 before. Anyway, fast forward to when the kiddos surgery is supposed to happen. 

They walk in and the EM has her chin held high as most EMs do. My coworker checks them in and tells them to SIT BY THE DOORS BY PRE OP so they can hear when they get called in. The EM instead takes her kid to the waiting room where there’s snacks and drinks for the parents while their kids are in surgery and proceeds to give him water and ice. Big no no. 

They get called back and when the nurses discovered that she had been giving him water and such they said “we’ll have to cancel the procedure and reschedule.” Due to him eating. 

The EM went ape on them, yelling at them, saying that “I’m not going to leave until the surgeon himself comes in here and tells me it’s cancelled.” So she and her kid were just sitting back there in a pre op room for hours (so much for not wanting to wait) waiting for the surgeon who has other procedures he needs to do. 

They got cancelled and rescheduled for a couple weeks out. 

Fast forward a few weeks to their next scheduled surgery. They don’t show up for this one and get rescheduled again. 

Then today, a month and a half later, they finally show up, 20min before their scheduled procedure (not check in time). Chin still stuck up. But finally, she wasn’t an idiot and didn’t feed her kid anything and he got his procedure.

TL:DR - EM thinks she knows better than clinical staff and puts kids life at risk, freaks out when surgery is cancelled.

Edit: A lot of you have been asking what the surgery was. It was just a TnA (Tonsillectomy and Adenoidectomy) so a simple procedure. 

Also, I mentioned in the comments that “I would have just not scheduled them again.” Which isn’t right. Really I think it would be best if mom could have sent her kid with grandma or grandpa with a notarized note saying she gives consent to her child being treated. That could have made things a little easier, but who am I to say?

Edit 2: Thanks stranger for the gold!!!/nThis happened during my lunch break earlier. For some background, i collect Hot Wheels/Matchbox cars. For other collectors, you guys already know what it feels like to get dirty looks/comments from other shoppers. 

So I was at Toy’s R Us during my lunch break looking at some new arrivals. I saw that Matchbox has just received a fresh case so i head over to check them out. 

As I was checking them out I hear a woman yelling. I look over and see that she was yelling at her sons. 

“You shouldn’t be looking at toys anymore! You are grown ups and grown ups don’t play with toys!” 

Upon hearing this, I shake my head. Apparently she notices this and turns her attention to me. (I had in my hands a Dodge Ram Flatbed and a Jeep Cherokee)

Woman: Put those back! 

-I ignore her at first-

Woman: I said put those back! 

Me: What? No. I’m buying. 

Woman: You shouldn’t play with toys anymore! You’re setting a bad example for kids because they don’t wanna grow up. 

Me: I’m here minding my own business ok? Leave me alone. 

She scoffs and leaves. 

I made my choice (Jeep Cherokee) and head towards the counter. I notice the woman again at the line. I don’t look in her direction since I don’t want more trouble. 

As I was paying she scoffs and says, “Some people just don’t grow up.”

I reply by saying, “I can afford my hobby and it’s none of your business what I do” 

I leave and I hope i never see her again.

Edit: Clarification. Toy’s R Us is still operating here in the Philippines.

Edit: Thank you for the Gold and Silver fellow Redditors. I’m glad you liked my story. 

F for Toy’s R Us in the USA/nHey all, it's me. Again. The fact that I ran into yet another person stupid enough to warrant my typing this makes me want to punch things, but I figure some internet strangers can maybe get entertainment out of my stressful moment, so here we are. Sorry if I sound a little cold and bitter, I've been going through some bad stuff lately, and EP bullshit makes me cranky.

So some important context, I lived, until recently, in a small Connecticut town that had a cove, with a connector that dumped into the river. The cove itself is quite large, about small lake sized, with a large gravel parking area, usually used for boat launches, although local cops like to park there, do paperwork, eat food, watch the water and be thankful their small town isn't eventful enough to end up on something like LivePD. Because of the large body of still water, I like to come here to run RC boats. The boat I was running this time was my Spartan, [this](https://i.imgur.com/bN8jMUc.jpg) pic of when I took it to a family reunion in Rhode Island is the best I have at the moment, I've done more to it since then. It's 3 feet (36 inches) long, water cooled electric, and FAST. I think total, boat itself and all the upgrade parts I've put on it it's about $1,000 or so. Most of the time if someone asks me if they can drive it, they're pretty understanding when I say no. But EP's aren't most people.

By this point where we start the story, I was standing out on the floating dock, setting up a radar gun I'd borrowed from a friend of mine who drives a race car on its little tripod, and was putting the batteries in the boat to get it ready to go. I noticed a local cop had pulled into the parking area off to the side, and was in the process of unwrapping a grinder from the local shop up the street. Sandwich Time had come, and from the look he was giving that grinder, it had been sorely missed. I also noticed a woman and her young son walking along the water's edge, and they noticed me setting up, which isn't hard since my boat is bright red. I noticed her trying to "walk casual" in the general area as I connected the power, and put it in the water, poking the button on the radar gun for max hold while I did a slow figure 8 to make sure everything was functioning (I'd had problems with the rudder servo before and it would hook a left as soon as you gave it throttle). As I lined up to make a pass in front of the radar gun, they approached me.

EM: Hey, that's a pretty cool toy boat

Me: Mhm (not fully paying her attention)

I lined up my shot and floored the throttle, screaming past the radar gun. 76 mph.

EM: Wow, and so fast, too!

Me: Mhm (still not paying attention, lining up another shot)

I floor it past again, keeping it more stable, 82 mph. 

EM: are you listening to me?

Me: Sorry, sorry, I have to concentrate for speed runs to keep it steady, this hull style is fast but not as stable as you'd think.

I pulled it in next to the dock so I could talk to this woman.

EM: (going straight for the throat, apparently) Think my son could try it out?

Me: Uhh, sorry, no. This is pretty expensive, and very fast (I point to the radar gun, still showing 82 mph on the display)

EM: So?! My son won't break it, he's a good boy! (Ah shit, here we go again.gif)

Me: Lady, your son looks like he's maybe 8, and I have a lot of money into this boat, so sorry but no.

EM: You're just SELFISH! You let my son drive that toy boat, I'm his mother and I say it's okay!

Yep, that's right, she gave permission for someone else to use MY stuff. I look over and lock eyes with the cop sitting in his car, sandwich crammed halfway in his mouth. I can see it in his eyes, he can see what's going on but really doesn't want to interrupt Sandwich Time unless he has to.

EM takes advantage of my distraction to try and grab the transmitter from me, and since she's got me cornered on the edge of a floating dock I wasn't able to just move away, so I ended up elbowing her in the process of shutting off the transmitter so the boat wouldn't run away and then wrestling it away from her. The cop takes notice, sighs, puts down his sandwich and gets out to approach us. As he walks up, EM is screaming at me about assault and lawsuits and other things I couldn't make out, she was hitting the pitch that caused physical pain.

Cop: Okay, whoa, calm down ma'am, what's going on here?

EM: This man assaulted me because I asked if my son could play with his toy!

The cop sighs, pinches the bridge of his nose, and his face takes on the expression of "god fucking dammit."

Cop: Ok, really? You're really going to try that? Really? You know I was watching you, right? The whole time. And I know you know that's not what really happened.

EM: But he-

Cop: Stop! I don't want to hear it. Look, I'm on my lunch break, and I really don't want to deal with this right now. So let me tell you what's going to happen.

EM: But I- 

Cop: Don't interrupt me, please. Here's what's going to happen: you and your son are going to walk away, now, and let me get back to my lunch and this man get back to...whatever he's doing. You're going to do it now, or I'll give you a free ride in my car, and I guarantee you won't like how that ends. Are we clear?

EM: I-

Cop: That's a yes or no question, are we clear?

EM: (visibly deflated)...yes, sir.

Cop: Good. You're free to go now.

EM sulks away slowly, constantly looking back at me, and the cop gives me sort of a half-hearted apology and goes back to his cruiser to resume Sandwich Time. I managed to hit 91 mph on a fluke run, before my batteries started running low and I had to pack up. 

So that's it, my Sunday EM encounter that ruined what would have been some good stress relief. Hope you guys enjoy, and as weird as it may seem for me to say, I actually genuinely hope I don't end up back here with another story, as each EP encounter I have makes me re-think the whole "going outside and doing human things" bit, just for a minute. 

TL;DR: Don't fuck with Sandwich Time/nAs a back story I’m 16 and recently connected with my mother after having no contact for 2 years due to her constant verbal abuse and threats to send me to foster care because she didn’t want me. When we reconnected everything was good and I even went to her wedding. However I guess someone’s true colours never change.

My mom began acting like herself again in December, deciding to cancel family counselling because the counsellor wanted her to make some effort on her part instead of demanding that I fix everything in our relationship. She tried to hide this by telling me our councillor quit however I called the place where my counselling was as it was in the same building as my psychiatrist and was told my mother cancelled the appointments. I’ve had counselling and therapy all my life and my mother is very used to being able to to get them to tell her everything I talk to them about so she can judge and punish me for it, however my psychiatrist refuses to tell her anything as I’m now at an age where he can’t legally disclose my information and I’m also not living under her roof. This angers my mother and she has tried to cancel every single appointment I’ve had since I started seeing this psychiatrist. Each time I go to psychiatry she makes sure to degrade me, tell me I’m faking it for attention, I need to just grow up and there’s nothing wrong with me despite having been diagnosed with anxiety and depression. Yesterday my psychiatrist prescribed me medication to also help with the signs of borderline personality disorder however he can’t diagnose me with it until I turn 18 (weird Canada laws) this REALLY angered my mother as she’s also anti vaccine and anti medicine. She keeps me on vitamins and says the medicine will only make it worse. She contacted my psychiatrist to cancel all future appointments and told me if I continue to see him she will see to it that I become homeless as I am living under the roof of a family friend who does not legally have to take care of me. 

I decided to take matters into my own hands and call my psychiatrist to reschedule all appointments, get another prescription for the medication (which I can legally get on my own at 16) and contacted child and family social services for support. This was the last straw for my insane mother and now she is trying everything in her power to make me homeless, even going as far as to take my birth certificate and health care card so if I do somehow get into foster care, I won’t be able to do much such as get a job or get medical attention. I’m going to my School Constable today and I’ll let you guys know how it goes.

Edit: thank you for the silver kind stranger! 

Edit 2: thank you for the gold other kind stranger!

Edit 3: thank you so so much for the platinum oh my god!/nAlright. First post on here, be merciful Reddit. I’ll try to keep this short for you guys. I’m a 16 year old lifeguard and it was a relatively busy day at the pool. I was currently guarding the deep end of the pool and this father had been turning around and not paying attention to his child all day. We had talked to him about it several times, but he constantly just said she could swim fine and paid attention to her for a couple seconds before stopping again. The daughter was maybe...8? And she could swim, but she’d been doing it all day and was tired. At one point, the father left her in the deep end and went to talk to some fellow parent in the shallow end. The kid started to show signs of drowning, flailing arms, bobbing up and down in the water, etc. She’s freaking out. So I blow a long whistle, the sign for an active victim and get off my stand to go in after the kid. Not a very hard save, nothing dramatic, I just had to offer her the lifeguard tube to hang onto and tell her not to grab my neck. We get to the wall and the dad is already standing there, and he BLOWS UP on me. I don’t remember exactly the stuff he said but it went something like “WHAT THE HELL YOU PEDOPHILE I TOLD YOU SHE COULD SWIM! WHAT ARE YOU THINKING TOUCHING MY KID?” I was shocked. I couldn’t think of anything to say, and he started screaming about getting my manager for wasting his time and touching his daughter. I got back up on stand, a little shaken. One, it’s my first save of the summer, and two, I was just yelled at and called a pedophile in my place of work, which involves watching children. Not exactly the best situation. Luckily, my supervisor is a 26 year old woman who doesn’t take shit from anyone, especially about her lifeguards. When I got off my shift, she told me he’d complained to her about me. She’d seen the whole thing, and chewed him out about endangering his child and kicked him out of the pool. He hasn’t been back for the rest of the summer./nWe were having a day of hiking and picnicking in the park with my young girls (6mo, 3y) so brought a bunch of toys. 

My wife went off to feed our baby and I was playing with 3yo and her dolls and she paired all of them off into couples of men and women. 

Recently we learned we really dropped the ball teaching her about relationship diversity, because she went to visit her uncles, her married uncles, and threw a tantrum when we told her they were married because “only boys and girls can get married.” We thought she knew they were married because it’s certainly no big secret, but definitely have gone out of our way to correct that assumption since. 

We basically just try to point out the LGBTQ+ people in her life and reinforce “you know these people, you like them, they like you, it’s no different than knowing a straight couple.” She’s been super receptive to it and I think she just hadn’t seen any gay people on tv or in books and was oblivious to the ones she saw in everyday life so wasn’t sure what to think. 

So I said “let’s put these two girls together like your friend Hannah’s mommies. And these two boys together together like Uncle X and Uncle Y. The rest can stay as they were, this way more people are included. Isn’t that nice?” 

And she said “yah!” And we played and it was fine. 

Enter EM, NK (EM’s somehow normal kid - about 10 years old) and MK (my kid)

EM: Excuse me, what are you doing? 

MK: Playing dollies. 

EM: Sir, excuse me. Hello? I don’t appreciate your talking about sex in front of my kids. 

Me: When was I talking about sex?! 

EM (whisper-yelling): *The G word and the L word!*

Me: I didn’t say either of those. And I can talk to my kid about anything I want. So unless there’s anything else...

EM: I won’t have you sharing adults conversations with a toddler here in public or anywhere. 

Me: Really? That’s too bad, because once we finished talked about inclusion I was going to crack open a forty ounce and read some Hustler for story time. 

EM: Is she even your daughter!?

Me: Is that even your son?

At this point a woman walks by with a baby and EM tries to pull her into the conversation. 

EM: This man is going up to children at the park and trying to teach them about S-E-X!  

The woman, who we’ll call W for woman (or for wife, because she is my wife) was having none of that. 

W: What was he saying?

EM: He was telling this toddler about G-A-Y S-E-X!

*Thankfully she knew the woman must be nuts.*

W: I thought we said no gay sex until her fourth birthday? 

She rushed to cover NK’s ears 

EM: This is everything wrong with our kids today. You’re forcing them to grow up before their time. You want your daughter to have those images in her head? You’re going to traumatize her! 

MK: My dollies are at the grocery store and they’re gonna buy popsicles. I ate a popsicle today. It was a yellow one. 

W: Uh-oh, you think “popsicles” are a euphemism or something? 

EM takes NK and storms off. 

15 minutes pass and everyone’s getting hungry so we break out some snacks. I’m helping MK get the green tops off her strawberries. A Park Ranger (PR) comes over. 

PR: Excuse me, a woman reported there was some sort of inappropriate sexual activity going on at this site? 

Me: What, really? Oh no, well, I’ve got my kids with me. Do you think we should move? 

PR looks around, confused. 

PR: No, no. Just keep an eye open for anything strange and if you see something drop by the ranger station and let us know. 

About an hour later, just as we’re thinking it’s time to head home, EM comes back through. 

EM: How are you still here?!  

We ignore her at this point. 

EM: You know there are piles of studies on child psychology that say that what you’re doing is what is RUINING AMERICA. 

I wanted so badly to say something snarky but kept my mouth shut. But then EM directed her insanity *at* my kids and you better believe that didn’t sit well with my wife. 

EM: Honey, does it make you sad when daddy tries to tell you things you don’t understand? 

W: DON’T YOU TALK TO MY KID ONE MORE TIME. DON’T LOOK IN OUR DIRECTION, DON’T BREATHE ON ME. GET OUT OF HERE, RIGHT NOW, LEAVE. 

Of course my three year old doesn’t know why she’s upset so starts crying. 

This yelling and crying attracted the attention of a different park ranger. (DPR) 

DPR: Problem folks? 

EM started screaming almost incoherently while her poor embarrassed kid was like “Mom, mom let’s just go. Let’s go. Come on.” 

W: I’m so glad you’re here. We were just getting ready to leave when this woman, who’s been harassing us all day, came and started talking to my daughter. 

The park ranger took her aside and took us aside and we gave our sides of the story. EM was nearly in tears and we could hear her throwing out words like “decency” and “innocence”

When he came to us we briefly explained but said we were already on our way out so didn’t want to take this any further. 

He said we should just go. We packed up and left. EM couldn’t believe we were let go and was still berating the park ranger with her embarrassed son when we left. 

Everyone should just mind their own damn business. The end.

Edit: a letter/nSo, a little backstory: I'm a 15 year old student, I'm diabetic, I use an injection pen and I have a job at a local cafe in town. Now, everyone in town is friends with my mum whether through school, nursery, town council, you name it, she's friends with everyone. Because of this my mum knows everything in town but the downside is that she will sometimes tell everyone about what's happening at home and this is kind of good because everyone in town knows that I'm diabetic so  they could  help me if needed. This is also the reason I was able to get the job I have. The long version of how I got my job, I can explain later if asked, but basically if I eat my blood sugar goes up so it ensures that I wont try and sneak cakes and brownies from the cafe (as previous employees have).

Now to the story,

I was at work on a Saturday and because its the weekend I work from Opening time (9:00 GMT) to Closing time (7:00 GMT), and it was a pretty regular day with the same group of old ladies coming at about 11 for tea and cakes and the same group of builders who had been coming in for the last week on their snack break. So all together, a pretty normal day with just a bit more of a tip than usual

In comes EM, who is friends with my mum, along with an annoyed husband, their teenaged daughter and their 5 year old son. Now this was just before my lunch break, so I was about to just go into the breakroom to do all my diabetes stuff (all my diabetes stuff was in the front of my apron so the insulin pen was poking out, this will be relevant later) and have my lunch when EM beckons me over from the door, so being the obedient worker bee that I am I go over and talk

EM: Aren't you supposed to take us to a table?

Me: Uhhh, I mean i guess if you want me to

EM: Well you're supposed to, so yes.

So I take her over to the nearest table and help them with getting their order sorted. I then proceed to go to the counter and get the cakes and brownies and whatnot that they ordered. That's when i hear the following conversation:

EM: (talking to son) Honey, no you can't draw with my lipstick

son: BUT MUMMY I WANT TO DO A DRAW

EM then sees my injection pen poking out the front off my apron, beckons me over again and the following conversation ensues:

EM: Can my son borrow your pen for a second so he can draw?

Me: \*slightly confused\* I don't have a pen

EM points to my injection pen: That pen, now

Me: Oh, this one yeah i can't let your son have this because its got my medicine in it, you should know this you're friends with my mum

EM: I DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR STUPID FUCKING DIABETES MY SON WANTS TO DRAW SO STOP BEING A SELFISH CUNT AND GIVE HIM YOUR PEN

Me: \*shocked at the rudeness of this woman\* Look, Miss I cant give him or you my pen due to health and safety concerns and also he could die if I give it to him so No

Some of my fellow employees are just coming in from the breakroom and the kitchen and this is when shit hits the fan because she proceeds to stand up to get her husband who was in the toilet so that he could *deal* with me (this guy was in his late 30's, probably weighed 3 times his wife and was buff, like SUPER buff but I knew him from around town and assumed this dude wouldn't hurt me because he was pretty chill)

EM: I just told my husband what's happening and he's gonna get you

Me: \*annoyed at this bitch\* I'm not scared of a guy who's married to a fucking stick insect

Husband exits bathroom with his veins bulging and murder in his eyes (Boy was I wrong about him not hurting me). Husband proceeds to storm up to me, pick me up by my neck, slam me into a wall, get right up in my face and yell in a voice that made him sound like a lighthouse

H: WHY ARE YOU DISRESPECTING MY WIFE AND MAKING MY SON UPSET????!!!

Me: \*struggling to breathe\* I'm trying to stop yuor son from potentially killing himself

H: \*calmer than before but still pretty mad\* You need to help the customer and make sure they are satisfied, are you not? So why in the name of fucking jesus christ himself, are you not tailoring to my wife and son?

Me: Look sir, my medical condition could kill me and this pen \*gesturing to my insulin pen\* is one of the only things keeping me alive. If I gave this to your son, he could stab himself and then would need to go to hospital to stop his body from shutting down and dying

The husband then slaps me. *Hard.* 

I fall back and twist to stop myself from being hurt but in the process, I drop my insulin pen and it smashes. Little bits of glass fall like snow and then the smell of my medicine hits me. For those of you who don't have diabetes, insulin smells horrible. It's a combination of strong hospital chemicals and a cow turd. The smell makes me throw up all over the floor and that's when finally my co-workers decide to call the police. The family stays behind because the parent thought they did nothing wrong. This all ends with police coming into the cafe asking what happened and asking if they could view the security tapes. They watch the tapes in shock of the fact that this man was okay with just beating a kid up because his wife said to. The parents were handcuffed and taken away.

This happened about 3 1/2 to 4 months ago and now the EM and her husband are in court. Last I heard of it they were facing a sentence of at least 5 years, paying to replace my medicine pen and £250,000 in compensation money.

Justice is a cake best served with a nice cup of tea./n
Edit 1:some people have asked for a picture of my pup. That's him yesterday after he woke up from his nap http://imgur.com/gallery/UOd3yqs

Edit 2: holy shit guys you are hilarious! I tip my hat at the crusade team. You are the heroes our world needs! Thanks so much for silver! 

Edit 3: this is amazing!!! Thanks for Gold! What does one do with reddit premium? And thanks for all the corrections! 
As to some questions. I am actually colombian. We named tito like that because there was a famous singer in Latin America with that name. His name was originally going to be compi. 
I am having a blast reading all your comments! 


Note that I am on mobile and English is not my first language!

The cast :

EM - our entitled Mother

EK1 - crotch goblin 1 (14 years old)

EK2- a dictator in the making(~17)

Me - take a guess

Mom - my mom (a lady you don't want to see angry)

Tito- the cutest little guy to have walked on this earth


V-vendor 

So a little background story. Almost a month ago we went on a little walk with my parents and some friends in a mountain region.
Suddenly we hear some whimpering and crying and see  a little baby dog under a tree.

He looked very scruffy and his stomach was bloated (due to some parasites as we later found out). He was very scared and was crying for his life.
We couldn't leave him there so we picked him up and took him home.
He is in very good health now and only needs his last few shots that he will be getting next week.

Now let me tell you tito is not only the cutest dog ever (he is black and has some blondish Haie in his chin region, belly and paws plus he has a forever grateful look and the cutest nose), but he is also very kind to people and loves attention. As he doens't bite we let quite a lot of people pet him.

That particular day we were going for a walk with him. Our vet told us he can't walk on a leash yet, as he doenst have all his shots, so if we wanted to take him out, we should do so holding him like a baby.

We were waiting in line to get our chocolate strawberries when we heard a squeal. It was EK1 that had just spotted our pupperino. She came running towards us and asked to pet him. Ofcourse I said yes as he quite likes it.
She was petting him and asking some questions.
Just then the rest of her possie arrived.

EK1:awww can I hold him??? He seems to like me very much!

I laughed a bit awkward. I don't like giving my pets to random strangers as I don't trust them.

Me : No sorry he doenst like to be in the arms of somone that is not my dad my mom or I.

EK2:*She just rolls her eyes *it's just a dog. My sister wants to hold him just let her

Mom: my daughter told you no so please respect that, you can pet him but not hold him.

Even if my mom is a small lady, she can be very Intimidating and doesn't like people that are entitled.

EK1: but he loves me! Look how he is wagging his tail!!!

Me:yes he loves people but my answer is still no.

I wasn't even being rude. I just put my foot down as I don't like people to give room for misunderstandings. 
But you would think that I had just wished death upon her. She started bawling like a maniac.
At that EM, who was formerly on her phone looks up with the wrath of all entitled mothers ever. She points her finger at me.

EM: Listen here you (racial slur for brown Latin people) you fucking apologize to my daughter now and let her hold that stupid dog! Now!

If there is something that my mom can not keep cool with, is people insulting me or somehow mistreating me.

Mom:Dont you ever dare talk to my daughter that way ever again! It is not my  or her fault that you haven't taught your daughter how to respect other people's wishes!

The two moms were soon involved in a screaming match while EK2 was trying to get a hold of my dog. The vendor opened the little door to his "kiosk" for me to enter so that neither Ek1 or EK2 could harm my dog. In that process of trying to close the door on the older sister, that was  at this moment holding on to one of his hind paws, the vendor accidentaly smashed her hand in the door. EK2 screamed like hell.

EK2 :HELP !! HELP! THEY ARE HURTING ME! THEY ARE TRYING TO BREAK MY HAND!!!

EM turns arround and instead of helping HER, she turned to the door and opened it. She went for me screaming a lot of things and demanded me to give her the dog. Tito was terrified and was trying to hide himself in my shirt.

Me: SHUT UP! YOU ARE SCARING MY DOG WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?

EM:give me your fucking dog! Ek1 bonded with him and she deserves a Rottweiler!

My dog is not a Rottweiler nor any other dog breed for that matter as he is a rescue street dog.

Me  :If you want a dog of that breed for her then go fucking buy one because tito is a street dog.

Em :oh my god! How can you let a filthy dog like that walk in our streets! He could have illnesses and what not!!

I was cornered at that moment and the vendor was trying to intervene. I saw a security guard approaching and was relieved. But then I looked down. That bitch was trying to wrap her hands arround my dogs neck screaming that such filth didn't deserve to live. She was quickly taken aback by the security guards.

It was a whole spectacle . They had to drive EK2 to the hospital. Ek1 tried telling the police that arrived, that I had stolen her dog. The claim was quickly discredited by the vendor and my mom. EM was taken In custody and Ek1 was sent to her father. We drove my dog to the vet and nothing happened to him. Luckily.
My mom and dad drove in the evening to the police station to inquire about our rights to press charges against that woman. And we can.
The aftermath hasn't played out as it was just a few days ago but I hope she gets what she deserves./nThis is a true story in China. When EM had her second daughter, she decided that she doesn’t want her. You see, while the family was given special permission to have 2 children (as opposed to the one-child policy), they wanted a son, and this extra girl is just an inconvenience taking up the precious spot for a boy. So, they abandoned her up without hesitation. The next year, EM got pregnant with a boy, who was spoiled to death in the family.

The girl ended up with a man more than 300 km away from her original village. He and his wife had 3 pregnancy, but all ended up as miscarriage, so they adopted the girl, but divorced soon after because of the stress that came with the adoption. For 16 years, he had been raising his adopted daughter on his own. This man is just a crab farmer and is in nowhere rich, but he loved the girl as his own daughter. They were living a quiet and happy life together, until one day EM turned up.

Turns out the son got leukaemia and needed bone marrow, and no one in the family had a match. So they turned to the daughter they abandoned 16 years ago, hoping that she would be a match. The father felt sorry for the 14-year-old boy. He agreed to take the girl to a hospital for a test, but he was afraid that the girl would know she was abandoned for her gender, so he made the EM promised to not tell her that she’s adopted. The girl was a match, and agreed to the procedure, under the impression that she was donating for a stranger.

The adoptive father then asked for a bond for the girl’s health. In the beginning, he was misled into think that it would be as simple as donating blood. However, when the doctors told him that donating bone marrow is a risky procedure, he was worried that if there is any complication he won’t have any means to save his daughter. The money would be returned to EM if the girl remains complication-free when she’s married. EM refused. Then the father said don’t worry about the money, but the surgery needs to be near where he is living, so he can take care of his daughter and work. EM refused again, saying that it would be more expensive for them, the father hesitated, and EM fucking exploded.

EM, her husband, and their eldest daughter marched to the girl’s school right after class, stopped the car the girl was in, pulled open the door, grabbed the girl by her arm and started yelling at her that she was adopted, they are her real family and she NEEDS to save her younger brother. The teachers had to physically intervene to stop them from taking her away. A bystander called the police, even in the police station, EM kept pressuring the girl for her bone marrow. The girl was in shock after knowing that she was adopted in such a violent way, and cried for a whole night. This put her into a lot of psychological stress.

The next day, EM printed out hundreds of open letters, calling both the girl and her father by name, saying that they are cold-blooded, and the girl, in particular, is ignorant and doesn’t understand morals, she even brought up the fact that the adoptive father experienced miscarriages to insult him. She emphasised that the boy is the girl’s BIOLOGICAL BROTHER (she bolded that), just to put more pressure on the girl. She put this around the village the girl is living in, all the way to around the girl’s school, so both of them can’t even go back to their home. When she was asked about this later, she said she “didn’t think about what that would do to the girl”.

She even went to the village council and said that the girl is rightfully hers, and she will take the girl back and make her donate her bone marrows. Of course, she was told that the girl was legally adopted, so she has no rights over her, and if she does anything like that it would be kidnapping.

She started interfering with the girl on her way to and from school. A teacher had to drive the girl to and from school for her safety, and they even got assaulted by EM’s relative for their trouble.

The EM later went onto a television program, probably wanting to bully the girl and her father into giving up her body rights. She got ripped apart on live TV. Later they found another match on the donor database so the boy is fine. The thing is if she had been less entitled and cruel to the girl, she would have already donated her blood marrow. She could have doomed her son to death because of this.

I know this sound like an absurd story, but it’s true. Here is the mentioned TV program, it’s in Chinese though: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKLZpetNfAQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKLZpetNfAQ)

&#x200B;/nSo this is my friends story, not mine. He told me this story and I asked if I could tell it on reddit.

For simplicity the only acronym I will use is EM since they are well known all other characters will get names. I will also be telling it like my friend is telling it.

Cast:
EM,
Mark- my friend,
John- flight attendant on duty,
Piper- some higher up worker (idk positions in this job),
Officer- Police Officer,
Sam- Mark's friend getting married

So I work for an airline as a flight attendant. However I was heading to a friends wedding in Hawaii. So I wasn't working that week. I decided i was going to fly the airline i work for since i knew how it worked and trusted it.

So I got on the plane no problem we took off. A little after take off I notice someone i recognize. That person turns out to be John. I was recently working on a flight with John. I see John, John sees me, and a conversation starts. We talk about our lives outside on a plane and what not.

Suddenly EM appears. Now at first she wasn't rude just kind of joining the conversation. Weird? Yes. Rude? No.

EM: Oh how do you two know eachother?

John: Mark and I worked on a flight together a week ago.

EM: That sound fun, Mark why aren't you in uniform?

Me: Well, I'm not working this flight.

EM: But you're a flight attendant, you should be in uniform and serving the passengers.

Me: No, I'm off this week to go to a friends wedding I'm not working.

EM: You do work for this airline don't you?

Me: Yes, but I'm off duty.

EM: So you do work here. In that case could you get my child water?

Me: No, I couldn't becaus I'm not working on this flight.

EM: No, you're a flight attendant you serve me. You're not in uniform AND you're refusing me service. Once this plane lands I'll have you arrested.

Now John left when she started repeating the same flawed logic. Thank the Lord, he was getting Piper

Piper: Ma'am I was told you were being indecent to another passenger.

Now I didn't know Piper before this but we did become friends after this.

EM: No this man is an attendant. He is the one being indecent.

Me: I work for this airline but I'm not working for this fight. I don't work this week.

Piper: Sir, would you like to move?

Me: Yes please.

Eventually we found someone willing to switch with me. This person just happen to be EM's husband who got separated due to late booking I'm assuming. So I lived the rest of my flight in peace.

You would think it was over but it wasn't. After we landed I got off the aircraft and was headed to the food court because I was hungry. Sam said he was running late because of traffic, no biggie. So I'm casually eating my sandwich when a police officer comes up to me.

Officer- Sir you need to come with me.

Now I'm worried. I follow the officer through the airport to the security office all with stuffing my face with food. When I enter the office I see EM, with her hubby and child nowhere to be seen.

Officer: we have been informed that you have traveled overseas with no passport or Visa of any sort.

Me: Wait but I didnt travel overseas my flight was from JFK to DKI I never left the country.

EM: SEE OFFICER HE ADMITTED IT. HE FLEW FROM AMERICA TO HAWAII WITH NO PASSPORT ARREST HIM.

So I realize she was angry at me for whatever reason and described my appearance to an officer so they could find me, and she could accuse me of illegal immigration within my own country???? The officer realized that she is literally an idiot and lets me go and has her stay. I exit the office and find my friend Sam who arrives during this ordeal.

**So I realize I'm not the best story teller, but I put as much detail as I could using the info from how my friend told me./nAlrighty then. I'm back on this subreddit again, making my second post. Now this story, I've kind of moved on from, but it was going on for a while. I'll explain it all here. Might be a long one.

TL;DR at bottom.

Backstory:
I have one brother and one sister (I'm male). I'm the oldest of the bunch. My brother is about two years younger, and my sister is just about one year younger. At the time of this story, we all have pretty good income. Not tooting my own horn, but I honestly had the best. My sister had the worst. She was consistently borrowing money from either me, or my Mom. She didn't waste it on things like drugs, but she just didn't have enough income, and she had to pay a hefty amount of rent. 

So onto the cast. I won't really have a cast for this one, I'll just call people by mom or sister, etc.

So.

I knew my sister was looking for ways she could make more money. She was kind of desperate, at this point. I was helping her out. She was intelligent enough for a better job. Then, one day, I found her a solid-looking job and asked her is she wanted to go interview for it. She met all the requirements. 

But then she said no. I was pretty confused, because why would you turn down something like that? But she didn't accept it. And then she quit the job she already had.

So now I knew something had to be up. I came over to her place and asked her. She tried to deny everything at first, but then she just let loose. She kind of just regretfully told me she was trying out stripping.

I was silent. I was thinking about it, and honestly, the thought that she might have done this had crossed my mind before. I didn't know whether to be mad, or sympathetic. I decided to not be mad. She begged me not to tell our mom, so I didn't. I just told her to not do anything stupid.

And then, I kind of became her partner. I would drive her to places I shouldn't have been. I would make sure she got home alright. And I was the only one who knew what she did. I never really saw what she was doing, I just new. 

Soon, our mom found out. I could say it was through my sister, but I honestly forget how she found out. And my Mom kind of freaked out. She called my sister all kinds of slutty slurs, calling her a failure, saying she would disown her. My sister was crying. It was bad.

And then, everything changed, when sister told our mom about how much money she made. Although I don't like admitting it, it was more than what I made.

Let me just say she made a lot. Like a *lot*. My mother was dumbfounded.

And then, wouldn't you guess, she became my mom's angel. She ignored all my sister did wrong, and focused on the money she made instead. She would always brag about her to relatives, saying she worked hard and deserved it. 

And the worst part? My mom now acted like I was a failure, and that I should make as much money as my sister. Makes me remember why I was so eager to move out.

Now, let me just say my sister was incredibly supportive. She offered me a bunch of money, (I declined most, I only accepted a bit for driving her and favours. Nothing for no reason). So let's get that out of the way. 

Now I was mad at my Mom. I wouldn't talk to her if I didn't have to. I was disappointed that she felt like that. Made me embarrassed. 

My Mom constantly bugged me. I should make more money. I should get a job like my sister. I should do as well as my sister. It was bad. How do you be proud of that?

So yeah. That's what happened. Now my brother was kind of ignored throughout this. She decided to focus on me. Which sucks. But eh.

Now a few months later, my sister quit that job. She found a better job, and she never had any bad accidents or things like drug addictions. Me and my sister remained friends throughout the whole thing. And now everyone just pretends to forget what happened.

No, I don't blame her. Not really. She needed money, so she did what she did. Obviously I don't encourage it, but she didnt spend her money on things like drugs and alcohol, so she kept her head level. A bit.

I blame my mom though. She was annoying as hell.

TL;DR: My sister made a lot of money stripping. Mom shamed me and said I should get a job like hers. Bleh.

...So yeah. That's it.

Edit: Thank you so much /u/Triniajo320 and three others for the silver, and all the support! Already? Thank you :)

Edit 2: Wonderful, kind person... That was a joke. OK? Sorry if I sounded conceited.

Edit 3: Thank you so much for the gold, stranger!

Edit 4: Sorry if this seems clickbaity. She did tell me "You should get a job like your sister." Sorry if I left that out. I had no intention of clickbaiting.

Edit 5: I changed a couple words because I was getting some negative feedback. Nothing that alters the story, just descriptive words.

Edit 6: Jeez. I don’t hate people who do sex work. Sorry if I worded this story poorly. I’m also sorry, again, if I insulted anyone in any way. Also, I made this story NOT AGAINST MY SISTER. My Mom is who made me write this story. I’m fine with what my sister did, because she had to do it. But sex work can be dangerous, and I didn’t want her to put herself in danger. That’s it.

I’ll try not not make any more edits. Sry./nSo this is the story of how I lost all vision in my left eye. I was thinking about it recently as I was talking to my husband about my eye patch and how it went with our son’s Peter Pan themed nursery. I’m not going to post about pictures for privacy reasons, a girl with an eyepatch tends to stand out and I don’t know ya’ll. Anyway, onwith the story! 

Cast: 

Me: Three year old girl just living her life
ED: Entitled demon
EK: Entitled dog boy
Dad: My Dad


This happened when I was three years old, my dad was taking me to the park while my mom was out shopping. I had just gotten a new purse from my aunt and had filled it will coins. It was a small purse so there couldn’t have been more than two or three dollars in it. So I went over to the sand pit next to the gravel area where the play structure was and started counting my coins. Enter EK

EK was about ten but he looked like a giant to me at the time. He stood over me for a second before I looked up at him.

EK: Gimme the money 

Me: Uh...it’s my money. I keep it in my purse. 

i showed him the purse and he snatched it from me. The then proceeded to pick up the coins along with handfuls of sand and put it in my purse before turning and walking about. As three year olds do I started whaling and my dad ran over to me.

Dad: What’s wrong Popsicle? (Real life nickname inspired my username lol)

Me: He stoled my moneys and my purse *I pointed to EK sitting on a bench next to ED. My dad took my hand and we walked over to them.*

Dad to ED: Excuse me? You son took that purse from my daughter and her coins. She’s really like it back. Say please popsicle?

Me: Please

ED and EK just scoff.

ED:  You mean this bag? *He held up my purse and shook it, I heard the sound of my coins inside*

Me: Yes Sir (I’m southern lol)

ED laughed and threw my purse over our heads and it landed in the gravel: Fetch! 

I ran over to the gravel without a second thought and kneeled down to pick it up and make sure all of my coins were there. When all of a sudden I feel someone grab my hair. Before I could even yelp in pain my face was being squished into the gravel. I found out later that it was EK, he kept slamming my head down into the gravel and shaking it when it was down. 

By the time EK got pushed off of me I was in total shock. I turned to face my dad who was kneeling next to me and he just looked horrified before getting his phone out and calling the cops. He picked me up and ran me to the bathroom to wait for them. 

According to my dad my face was covered in blood and I had cuts and scraps everywhere. He did his best to stay calm but he said that my eye was so bad looking that he couldn’t look at me. I remember bits and pieces like that I wasn’t yelling. I was in complete shock, i remember that blinking stung really badly and that I was crying but not intentionally.

The police cane with an ambulance and I was taken into it while my dad talked to the police. Dad said that ED was trying to say that EK didn’t mean to and that it was an accident. But after my dad told the cops that after ED told me to fetch he told EK to “sick’em” ED didn’t even deny that part saying that it was part of the game. Dad said that EK had even GROWLED before chasing after me! He actually GROWLED! 

ED was arrested and EK went with him. My dad pressed charges and told ED that he would be paying for my medicine bills. 

We got to the hospital and the doctor’s informed up that my left eye must have been open when I hit the gravel because it was so scratched up there wasn’t anything he could do. (I’m not going to go into details about what they ended up having to do with my eye because gross.) 

But now I wear an eye patch and despite about the bullying and the teasing I received, I got my purse and coins back. And that’s all that matters.

EDIT: For those asking what happened to ED and EK. They ended up settling out of court for the cost of the medical bills and a bit more as well as some parenting classes for ED. EK pretty much got a slap on the wrist/nEdit : part one

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/btemip/the_story_of_how_an_em_wanted_to_kill_my_2_month/

So guys almost a month has passed since the first story and I wanted to update you. First of all thanks for all the comments and support in the first post!! But let's get right into it.

My parents pressed charges the day that EM wanted to strangle tito. The officers told us that as there were witnesses, (the security officers and the vendor) the likleyhood of the EM getting criminal charges was extremely high.


 5 days passed, when we got a visit from animal Controll. EM had pressed "charges" against us and said that our filthy dog was visibly sick and and a danger for his environment.

I was extremely upset. But we were cleared quite fast of all allegations. The woman even complimented us on the health of tito.

Then came the "trial". I put it in quotation marks as we were just in  a room with a long table with both our attorneys present  and a mediator (forgot the professional term).

EM showed up with her older daughter and her lawyer. They were looking so smug that I wanted to punch them. Before it all started the daughter followed me into the bathroom where the following occurred :

"oh cute bag... Where did you get that from? The dollar store?"

It was like she just saw a bunch of those old bully cheerleader movies and was trying to copy from it. I didn't say anything... You know because I am not stupid; I can tell when somone is trying to provoke me.

" what? Are you a coward now? You dirty brown people are all the same. You fucking know you just want the money of my parents. You don't fucking know how to do honest work and you prey on rich people like us to scam us! You are the scum of the world"

I just nodded and left. But again I am not stupid. I  opened WhatsApp, send the rant of the daughter vía voice recording to my mom and left the bathroom.

I arrived back at the room. Shortly after the daughter did. She whispered something to Em, who looked at me shooting daggers. We sat down as it began.

As we did the claim, we were first in recounting what happened. We laid out the witness statements and the vet reports as well as some bulrry pictures the kisoks camera made. It was pretty clear that we were telling the truth. We each gave a little statement and then it was EM's turn.

They spun it arround in a ridiculous way. Claiming before all went down I was OFFERING my dog to them. I supposedly asked for arround 50 dollars, then just ran away with my dog.

Then they claimed EM chased after me to get either her money or the dog. Apparently I was threatening violonce and that's when EM snapped. Lawyer said she was just a poor woman with PTSD and that my threats mad her snap, that's why she acted like she acted after wards.

They put a counter claim for verbal assault and fraud on me. 

When asked why the vendor would lie on our behalf EM blurted out "obviously to get in her pants". She was reprimended by both the mediator and her lawyer.

Mediator : that's in no way helpful to this case Mrs. EM.  Can I please see the certificate of her psychologist stating that she suffers from ptsd? 

Lawyer :... *à bit nervous * well you see she was never formally diagnosed but-

Mediator :if it was never formally diagnosed I have to dismiss this as non relevant for the case.

EM: are you calling me a liar?? Be honest you just want to take their side because you don't want  to do your job right. 

Mediator : Mrs EM I can assure you I am doing my job in the appropriate manner, wich is why I have to dismiss unsupported claims.

Em wanted to say something else but was stopped by her lawyer.

Mediator : Now you say Ms Alejamix scammed you out of 50 dollars right? 

EM: right! She did that and I am sure if she could she would have taken more.

Mediator : In the written statement from your youngest daughter, the one that was supposed to get the dog, it states that she scammed you out of 100 dollars. Can you clarify that Mrs EM

EM :oh... You see... She is just a baby... She gets quantities mixed up quite a lot.

After a bit back and forth, where Em poked a lot of holes In her history we got a 10 minute recess.
That's when I found out that fancy lawyer Man was actually EM's husband!

She was baratting him for doing and awfull job and said that if he doenst win this case he can "sleep on the couch for the rest if the year" and that "she would be taking his money and buy the new couch she wanted as recompensation for his inability".

Honestly husband looked like a doormat. Constantly saying "yes honey. Don't t worry honey". I felt bad for him.

When we got back we were told that after reviewing the evidence there was no way EM's storyline could have occurred. They  granted us  all the money to cover for titos vet bills plus arround 1k for damages. EM was charged to 100 hours community service and daughter was let of with 40 community hours. 

And oh boy as the verdict came EM lost her mind. Screaming like a banshee. Saying we were bribing the system. That we only got of because the mediator was brown like we are.

And the best thing : she spit on the mediator. She fucking spit on them! That's when she was escorted out. 
The daughter tried to claim I had assaulted her in the bathroom and cursed at her. My mom played the recording of her rant in the bathroom and she just broke down. It was honestly a shit show. I have never seen such entitled and unstable people in my life.

The husband tried to apologize for them. And begged not to press further charges (for verbal assault on the daughters part). We accepted that with the Condition of a restraining order.

They all left. We talked to the mediator thanked her and went our marry ways.

A few weeks later we were granted the order and haven't heard if them since.

Happy end!


Update : sooo I just met with our lawyer (bf of my dad's fried) on my way to work. He told me that EM Indeed got 90 days in jail for her spitting on the mediator. It was a federal offence. He said she is lucky that she didn't get 6 Months because her husband struck a deal.

Guess after all husband won't have to sleep on the couch/nThis isn’t my story, but one from a coworker of mine. Sadly, I’ve heard many stories that are quite similar to this one, and it kind of makes me lose faith in humanity. I’m thankful that it’s never happened to me because I don’t think I could’ve reacted professionally.

At Disney World, we have a quite a few Make-a-Wish families. If you’re not familiar with Make-a-Wish, it’s an organization that grants “wishes” to very sick children. These kids are often terminally ill, and it breaks my heart every time they come to visit the characters. Everyone in the room gets very emotional.

Make-a-Wish families get special treatment in the parks, as they should. These kids usually cannot wait in long lines, so if you have the Make-a-Wish pass, you have a fast pass to everything. For rides, it’s easy. Just send the family through the fast pass line. For characters, it can get a bit tricky.

We have some characters that meet outside and therefore don’t have a fast pass line. There’s one queue, and you can see how many people are in front of you since there aren’t any twisty queue lines that go through a building. In this case, Make-a-Wish families just come up to the character attendant (the person that takes care of the character, a.k.a. me) and shows us their special pass. We go over to the next family in the regular line, inform them that the Make-a-Wish family is going to cut in front of them, and after they’re done that next family will get their turn.

Usually, people are hot and sweaty and tired but they get it, and they wave me away with a quick, “Oh, it’s no problem!” Sometimes their kids get a bit frustrated because they don’t understand why the Make-a-Wish get to cut in front, but the parents explain that they’re doing a good deed by letting a really sick kid go first. Sometimes people get huffy, but I ignore them. They’ll be fine to wait another minute.

Occasionally, people get upset because they don’t know what Make-a-Wish means, but it’s oftentimes pretty obvious that the child is very sick so people can put two and two together with context clues, and we can always explain if they still don’t get it. But for the most part, American families have heard of Make-a-Wish and know what that means.

However, people can still get really, really mad. I had a friend who was character attending with Princess Aurora who saw a Make-a-Wish family, let the next family in line know what was going on, and was shocked to hear the Entitled Dad’s response.

“Sorry, sir. This Make-a-Wish family is going to go first. Thank you for your patience.” 

“Are you kidding me? We’ve been waiting forever! This is ridiculous.”

“Sorry sir.” My friend shot him a look and turned away to focus on the Make-a-Wish family. 

ED pouts like a child.

“Wow, I wish my kid had a disease so they could cut all the lines,” he muttered under his breath, probably louder than he intended to.

Everyone froze. Princess Aurora, my friend who was working, the family behind ED, and the Make-a-Wish family all turned to stare at ED. Aurora was pissed and said something to the effect of, “Well that wasn’t a very princely thing to say!” before turning her attention to the Make-a-Wish little girl. Her mom looked like she was going to cry. My friend barely kept his composure, went right over to the ED and said, “I bet our friends over here would give anything to be in your shoes, don’t you think?” The family behind ED grumbled about him being rude and horrible.

ED knew he had put his foot in his mouth. His daughter was oblivious to the whole thing thankfully, as she was quietly playing with her Barbie and barely even blinked when she was told that she’d have to wait a bit longer to see Aurora. 

During their turn, Aurora was cool towards ED but great with the daughter. They had a long talk about how a real princess is kind, and patient, and compassionate towards others. ED slunk away and I hope he learned from his behavior./nHi guys! 


Thanks so much for the support.


Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ayvxoi/entitled_mom_tries_to_steal_my_baby_gets_what_she/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share




UPDATE:

We go to court on April 14th for the criminal charges against EM for attempted kidnapping. I didnt expect to update before then, but then this happened.


Me: its-a-me.
DG: deliveryman/ disguised guy
EM: entitled mom 
EK: entitled kid


Me and BB went to the park this morning, we got back around 11 am. There was a man standing on our porch, looking lost. BB was in her stroller sleeping, i put my hand in my purse, and onto my mace. 


Me:  Can I help you?


DG:  I'm looking for a [first name] [last name]. I have a package for her.  *he pulls out an thick envelope, it was Cardi B level thicccc*

Me: Im her, I can take it.  *takes the Cardi B envelope. As soon as it is in my hands, and i sign for it, DG rips off his fake mustache and delivery guy hat. Revealing his REAL identity- a legal intern*

DG: cool cool cool. Your being sued by the way... good luck. 


Yup thats right, I'm being sued by EM. Why would the woman who tried to snatch my baby be suing me? How much damage could I have inflicted? Well... apparently I did 25 thousand USD in damage. In this poor envelope was about 10 million pages detailing how she is suing me for everything that is wrong in her life. Apparently I had broken her nose so shes suing me for not only related medical bills, but she also wants me to pay for them to fix her pre existing  toad nose. Oh and of course "emotional" damages to her and her child. Apparently EM has anxiety and depression because of ME. EK has PTSD from the indecent.  Finally I'm also being sued for "slander and character assassination" because how dare I say she tried to steal my baby...  Ofcourse at the end she said she would be "willing to settle out of court if I would drop the criminal charges"


Well I took that letter to my lawyer and he said the judge would laugh her out of court, especially if the criminal trial goes in our favor, which is basically guaranteed. So I WILL be seeing her in court on April 14th, and I will see her again in July for the civil case!




MINOR UPDATE: Thanks everyone for your support. I apologize that I got my dates mixed up. The Trial began today, not yesterday (Mom Brain). Today was the first day, we go back tomorrow, and maybe Wednesday. Today was really draining, So I will give you the whole update once we have an official verdict and judgement later this week.

Newest UPDATE: https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bf3ng1/em_tried_to_steal_my_baby_goes_to_court_update//nHello, I am posting this on my brother's account, mine is actually miskat\_ cuz my karma is too low to post.

&#x200B;

Okay so this took place over the span of 2 years, but I'm going to try keep it short.    


When this first started, I was 14 and taking Japanese, and was also one of the top students. So a guy (entitled kid) asked me to help him on his Japanese presentation. I did, because why not? I met EK in the library every lunchtime for about a week to help him finish it and thought that would be the end of it. Nope.  EK developed a crush on me, but I wasn't interested. I told him that, but he didn't wanna give up. He started telling me how rich his parents were and how he could get anything he wants, to which I just told him to fuck off.   

&#x200B;

EK ended up stalking me for 2 years. He knew where I lived, what time I woke up and went to bed, he knew what bus I caught, when I would get on and off the bus, and even knew my entire timetable at school. Naturally, I was freaked out. But it just got worse  For those 2 years, EK also mentally and sexually abused me. He was telling me how if I didn't hang out with him he was going to kill himself and that it would be all my fault. I was young and scared so I didn't want to go to the police, I was scared for my life. So for 2 years I put up with him. Until I finally had the courage to speak up last year.  I went to the police and they told me they would look into it, I also contacted the school, telling them about his threats to kill himself, so they got in contact with his parents.  

&#x200B;

Good God, Satan is real.  

&#x200B;

These entitled parents are literal demons. After the school got in contact with them they blamed ME for EK's mental instability, because I wasn't dating him and I refused to be his girlfriend?? They were saying I am selfish because their poor baby deserves love and he is too good for me anyway.  Then the police got in contact with them.   I was very fortunate, as other girls from my school had come forward to the police saying that EK had abused them too, and there was even evidence with screen shots, so the police had to make a move.  

&#x200B;

They told the EPs about the abuse and he was put on the child sex offenders list. They were so fucking wild.   

&#x200B;

The EPs approached me and my parents after school one day, and the following conversation ensued  

Characters - Mum (my mum) Dad (my dad) ED (entitled dad) EM (entitled mum) EK (entitled kid) Me (me obviously)   

&#x200B;

EM: Hello, you are miskat\_'s parents, yes? 

Mum: Yes we are, and I am guessing you are EK's parents?  

ED: Yes. We just needed to talk to you about your daughters false accusations on our son.  I just stared at them in disbelief, whilst my mother is fuming, and my dad speaks up  

Dad: I'm sorry... did you say false accusations?  

ED: Yes, how DARE she accuse our EK of such horrid things?!  

Me: I'm SORRY?! How dare I? How dare YOU raise such a hideous person?!  

EM and ED stand there for a second before EM gets r e a l l y mad  

EM: It is girls like YOU that make this society so sensitive and easily offended!!! My poor boy did nothing wrong! It is stupid that boys can't express themselves and the way they feel nowadays! He just wanted you to go out with him, and you wouldn't, so it is your fault that this happened!   

At this point, I am crying hysterically, and my parents are absolutely disgusted that a grown woman would speak to a 16 year old like that.  

Mum: Are you hearing yourself? How do you think sexual abuse is okay? It is no joke, and you should have raised your son better, the fact that you are blaming my daughter for your son's actions just goes to show that the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. Don't you EVER approach us again, and keep your sorry excuse of a son away from my daughter.  

My parents then walked away with me in tow, whilst EM and EP were screaming profanities at us.  

&#x200B;

I haven't spoken to EK since this all went down, he tries to approach me at school sometimes but I just walk away before he can get to me.  

&#x200B;

To this day, I am still sickened by the fact that they thought it was okay for EK to be sexually abusing girls?? That he was just "expressing himself"?? Fuck off. Literally fuck off. I am glad that no one got seriously harmed. I just wish both EK and his parents got harsher punishments, but maybe I am asking too much./nThis happened yesterday. 

After work I had to take my car to get it inspected, an oil change, and a car wash. I knew that this might take a while to get done, as I was going after work and it might get busy. I planned ahead, and brought with me my sketchbook and nice colored ink pens. I am a doodler, so even though I am not sketching profiles or landscapes, I am still drawing mandalas and things like that. Things that take a lot of time and effort to make. 

Cue to a busy waiting from. The couches are all taken, so I grab a seat at a table, which is actually preferred since I'm sketching. I first noticed EM and ED sitting on one of the couched. EM was scrolling through her phone while ED was complaining about being bored because they had been there foreeeeever. 

I pull out my Moleskin sketchbook, black ink pen, and start working on a doodle that I've been working on for a few days now. 

A few minutes later, I hear the pitter patter of tiny ED feet come up next to me. 

ED: "Whatcha drawing?"

Me: "I'm working on this doodle." I showed it to her.

ED: "That just looks like a bunch of weird lines." 

Me:...

ED: "Can I draw too?" 

Me: "Do you have your own paper and pens?" 

ED: "No."

Me: "Then I guess you'll have to wait until you get home to draw." 

ED: "But you have extra paper and pens. Let me use them! You're supposed to share!" 

Me. "Nah kid. These are my things and I don't want you using them." 

This is when ED starts crying. The crying is what cues EM to look up from her phone. ED runs over to EM and says "that mean lady won't let me color in her book!" 

EM gets up from her seat and comes over to me. 

EM: "ED wants to have some of your paper and pens so she can color. You need to do it because she's bored." 

Me: "No. These are my things and I have every right to not want some random child using them." 

I then tried to explain to her that I don't like ripping pages out of my sketchbook because it might ruin the integrity of the book and that my ink pens are somewhat expensive which means I don't want other people using them. All reasonable answers. 

Oh no, there was no convincing EM. She went off about how I wasn't actually drawing "real art" and how her precious daughter needs entertainment and that I HAVE TO let her have some paper or else she'll tell the manager of the car place. I was starting to get really ticked off, but I just grabbed my things, and moved to area of chairs that are on an outside patio type area. Thankfully, EM's car was ready soon after, so she ended up leaving, but damn I was afraid she wasn't going to let it go.

Edit: it has been brought to my attention that I should’ve used EK instead of ED. I meant ED = entitled daughter. I’m sorry to anyone who pictured a dad throwing a fit./nAngry 2 AM Edit: Multiple people have stolen my content and put my post (and YouTube video with my face in it) in their own YouTube videos. I do not appreciate this and will now have (don’t steal my content) scattered throughout my post to make editing it out more annoying. Sorry but don’t take my content. Again,

Do

not

take

my

content. 

Ugh. Sorry throughout the post you’ll have to read (don’t steal my content) but this seriously ticked me off. Thanks to a redditor I’ll keep anonymous for drawing my attention to this issue. 

The story:

So I was at work yesterday when I had a terrible and embarrassing experience with a Karen and her two daughters. Let’s get right into it! 

Sorry for formatting/I’m an English speaker (don’t steal my content)

Cast!

Me: Mildew Elephant
EM: Entitled Monster
K1: kid 1 maybe 8
K2: kid 2 about 5
M: Manager

(The little girls weren’t entitled, just their bat shit crazy mother lol) (don’t steal my content)

Before I start, I am NOT suicidal. If you ever feel so alone or worthless that you have suicidal thoughts, there is someone out there that loves you very much and appreciates you for everything you are. :)

Into the story! For some context, I injured myself during my Tae Kwon Do master test trying to break 4 cinder blocks stacked on top of each other with my palm. [Here’s the video.](https://youtu.be/v5dpjWIARtA)

The photo in the video is of my arm after I got home and the rest is me breaking the blocks. (don’t steal my content) It’s pretty cool and I’m very proud that I did this. 

I missed the blocks the first time I tried to break them and scraped my entire right forearm. Without context it does look pretty... (don’t steal my content) well, bad. 

So I’m at my workplace, cleaning tables and grabbing trays from the garbage cans. I had a bandage on my arm but I chose a bandage poorly at Wal-Mart because while I was frying food the heat basically de-stickified my bandage and it fell off. (don’t steal my content) When I tried to keep it on with other bandages we had at work, those fell off too. So my only option was to try to hide my arm. It worked for a while, but all of a sudden an audible gasp came from a woman at a booth near one of the trash cans.

EM: *gasps*

Me: (doesn’t react to it because I’m hoping she wasn’t HUUUHHHing at me)

EM: Hey, you!! (don’t steal my content)

Me: (turning around) Hello, ma’am. Do you need anything?

She rolls her eyes and continues to stare at my arm in horror.

EM: How DARE you come into a public place with CUTTING SCARS on your arms?!?! (It’s only one arm)

Already she’s drawing attention to us, and I’m pretty embarrassed and self-conscious about my arm. (don’t steal my content) I was really hoping no one would see it and I tried to hide it as best as I could. Our uniform has short sleeves, by the way.

Also, this woman thinks that if you have scars you shouldn’t even go out in PUBLIC! How fucking rude, honestly. 

Me: O-oh, I’m sorry to scare you miss, but I actually hurt myself on-

She cuts me off suddenly.

EM: AND YOU EVEN ADMIT TO IT!! Do you understand the TERRIBLE INFLUENCE you are having on my POOR daughters?!?! (don’t steal my content)

This really pissed me off because the girls weren’t even looking at me, they looked pretty embarrassed themselves honestly. I felt bad, they were looking at her as if this was not the first time she’s caused a scene in public like this.

Me: If you’d let me finish explaining myself, I could tell you how I got these scratches. (She rolled her eyes again when I said they were just scratches) (don’t steal my content) I’ve taken martial arts classes for many years, and hurt myself trying to do a certain move with my arm. 

I didn’t want to get into specifics to scare her and her kids, but that didn’t matter...

EM: So you’re a DANGEROUS WEAPON now?!?! How did you even get a JOB here, you could KILL someone!!!

I was extremely surprised at this woman’s ignorance- a dangerous weapon? How did her kids survive this long with a parent so terrible? (don’t steal my content) Just because some people choose to learn how to defend themselves doesn’t mean they shouldn’t be able to get a job!

It also ticked me off that instead of apologizing for being WRONG, she just flipped the situation to, again, blame me somehow. 

Me: I assure you, ma’am, that I would only use my training to defend myself in a dangerous situation. 

EM: IS THAT A THREAT?!?! I WANT TO TALK TO A MANAGER NOW!!! (wew she actually said it)

Me: No it was not a threat. I’ll go get him right now, ma’am. 

My manager could already hear the commotion and saw the panicked look on my face so he wasn’t about to take any BS from this bitch. 

M: What seems to be the issue?

EM: THIS BITCH TRIED TO ATTACK ME!!

My jaw dropped open. I was appalled that she accused me of that. (don’t steal my content) I’d never lay a finger on anyone that I’d never met before, let alone try to assault them...

M: I watched you yelling at OP, and she did not try to attack you whatsoever. You just lied to me.

EM: eXcuSE mE?!?! The customer is ALWAYS right!!!

M: Not in this case.

EM: *INTERNALLY REEEING WITH THE BURNING LOOK IN HER EYES*

One of her daughters tugged on her arm.

K1: Mommy, please stop fighting.

EM: Quiet, I’m just protecting you. (don’t steal my content) Now I demand a REFUND for interrupting my dinner and you should FIRE OP!!!

M: I am not firing OP. She was not bothering, threatening, or scaring anyone.

EM: SHE SCARED ME!!

M: Okay.

I laughed internally at how few fucks my manager gave.

M: And I’m not giving you a refund because you already ate all of your food.

EM: *scOFF*

Suddenly EM whisked her kids’ hands and started LEAVING! My manager walked after them, telling her that he would call the police if she refused to pay for their dinner. (don’t steal my content) K2 was crying and K1 got her hand from her mother’s and STOPPED WALKING. EM walked out of the front door without K1 and yelled at her to follow her, but K1 was the bravest little girl I’d ever seen and didn’t budge.

K1: Come back and pay mommy!

EM: KAY ONE YOU COME BACK HERE NOW

K1: No

My manager was about to dial 911, I swear. But EM finally complied and came in and paid.

So no exciting police calls or arrests, but a little girl stood up to her entitled mother!! Also she got banned from the restaurant. (don’t steal my content) I think if the little girls were to come in with someone else like their dad or grandparents it would be okay though. 

Thank you for reading my story! If the woman ever tries to come back I’ll definitely update this or post another story if it gets spicy enough. Tbh I thought most stories on this subreddit were complete lies but apparently some people really have that sense of entitlement which trumps logic. It’s appalling to see, really.

Since lots of people are asking, I am now a 4th degree black belt with almost 14 years of training. 

Edit 1: Grammar and OMG this blew up overnight! :) thanks for reading :D

Edit 2: THANKS 3000 FOR SILVER

Edit 3: I know this subreddit is a goldmine for r/awardspeechedits but thank you so much for gold, that’s such a kind gesture.

Edit 4: Last edit I promise, but thank you endlessly for the second silver and for platinum!! Much love &lt;3/nThis is a tale from living with my own batshit crazy former incubation unit, known to some as a mother.

&#x200B;

EM= Our Entitled Mother and my personal female genetic donor

ME = Me.

&#x200B;

This happened a few years ago, when I was about 16 or so, but I remember it pretty well give or take some minor inaccuracies.

EM would share her relationship troubles with me. From her perspective, her BF just doesn't do enough for her. The reality, her and her BF fought constantly over everything, she'd get pissed as soon as he'd walk in the same room as her, EM unnecessarily informed me that they hadn't had sex in months, she'd had him arrested twice for domestic violence even though she was beating him, some days he'd get so high that he'd run around the house naked and vomiting and didn't share his drugs with EM, etc.

So, EM is starting to see there might be some issues that need fixing and declares the best course of action is to have a baby with her BF. The problem with that though is that she was never supposed to be able to have kids at all, or so she told my dad before popping out two "miracle babies" and getting that sweet, sweet child support. However, at this point she is in her mid 40s, so it's probably legit this time.

I listen to EM whine about her inability to have another baby and how she probably cant adopt with having had multiple police reports involving our residence in the past year. I tentatively try to express why it's a really, really, really terribly bad idea when EM suddenly has an epiphany.

EM: "You know, I've heard of people who buy babies from people who don't want them. Like, teens who get pregnant on accident."

ME: "I dunno... Do you remember how much you didn't like being around your last boyfriends kid?"

EM: "That was because he didn't raise his kid right. I would make such a good mom to a little baby.."

ME (internally): You don't make a good mom to the kids you have currently...

EM: "I could just stay home with the baby. I could dress it up in cute little outfits! ... Ya know, if you were pregnant that would be perfect!"

ME: "Wut."

EM: "When was your last period?"

ME: "I'm not pregnant."

EM: "Well, you could get pregnant... If you did I would give you a couple hundred dollars and you could just give me custody."

ME: "I don't want to be a teen mom, thanks. And I don't think my boyfriend would be okay with getting me pregnant."

EM is visibly getting annoyed that I don't see the brilliance of her plan, but trying to be nice to get me on board.

EM: "You wouldn't have to take care of it at all besides just helping me out every now and again. I would be it's mom. And you could just go off your birth control and not tell your boyfriend. What's he going to do when you're already pregnant?"

We go back and forth for a bit. She's trying to tell me why this is completely normal and fine, I'm trying to explain why this is super fucked and she's basically not hearing me anymore. Then, her plan develops further...

EM: "Maybe we could find a way to get you pregnant with my boyfriends baby, so it'd really be his and he couldn't just up and leave."

ME: "So... What? You want to turkey baster me with your boyfriends..."

EM: "Semen! We're both adults here... And we're girl friends, right? We can talk about this kind of stuff."

ME: "...........I'm getting a headache, I'm going to go lay down."

EM: "I had migraines all the time when I was pregnant!"

ME: "I'm not pregnant!"

EM: "Well just think about it. You'd be doing something really good this family and I would pay you too."

&#x200B;

She brought it up a couple times in passing after that, she even tried throwing out a pack of my birth control at one point, but I just kept not being pregnant, so she eventually let it go.

&#x200B;

UPDATE: So... I was thinking about it a bit more and I remembered something that was kind of weird. Shortly after EM had this conversation with me, her BF insisted I go with him to get food so we could spend some bonding time 1-on-1 and talk. He'd never done this in the 2 years they'd been together. I honestly barely spoke to the man. He also started talking to me about how a baby would fix their relationship problems, and "If only we could have a baby!". When it happened, I just thought it was weirdly coincidental; I was more confused and anxious for the sudden desire for "bonding time". So,  I'm not saying that this was the case, but I think... I think he *might* have also been trying to have the "You should get pregnant and give us the baby" talk with me....

&#x200B;

EDIT: Oh gosh, thanks so much for the gold! I'm glad I could turn this craziness into something interesting to share with other people. 

&#x200B;/nContext: I work in a body product/cosmetics store, and I often work in the skincare section. 

EM: Entitled mother

PK: Poor kid

Me: Minecraft Expert

On this particular day, EM comes in with her teenage son (PK) and the only thing I can see from a skincare perspective is that he has a bit of acne. Not really even that much, just normal ‘I’m a hormonal teenage boy and only occasionally wash my face by dipping it into the shower’ acne. However, EM starts instantly telling me about her son’s TERRIBLE acne, like really going in and saying how OBVIOUS it was and how it had to be DEALT WITH. 

I instantly feel bad for PK because I know that it must be absolutely awful to have your mum talk about your acne like that, especially right in front of you. And sure enough I see him looking really embarrassed and uncomfortable. I immediately tell EM that PK has totally normal skin for a teenager and it’s really not that noticeable, but we can definitely build a skincare routine around oil control/acne reduction in case he ever really needs it.

I start to go through the options, talking mostly to PK (it’s going to be his routine after all, he should have a say in it) but EM keeps interrupting and every time she speaks it’s to either belittle PK’s skin or to scoff at information I’m trying to give about the products. Finally after about 20 minutes of this awkwardness, we settle on a few key products he seems happy with and I ask if he’d like a basket to take them up to the register. Instantly EM cuts in and says very rudely that she’s not happy paying for it without knowing it works. 

Annoying sure, but okay, that’s why we do samples. So I go off to make them like dutiful employee. However when I take them back to EM and PK, he looks utterly mortified and EM just looks at me with the most smug face I’ve ever seen and I’m wondering what the hell went down when I was making the samples. I hand them over to PK, tell him I hope they work out and if he likes them to come back in. EM clears her throat and I turn around with my politest smile and ask if there’s anything else I can assist with.

EM: “I’m sorry to do this because you’ve been very helpful, but I want to see the store manager about your lack of professionalism.”

PK, clearly horrified: “Mum no. It’s seriously not a big deal. Let’s go.”

Me, utterly gobsmacked: “I’m so sorry to hear that, I’ll absolutely get my manager but would you mind telling me what the matter was?”

EM: “Your bra has been showing the entire time and I just think that especially when serving customers it’s inappropriate.”

I look down, almost expecting half a boob to be out and instead see that my shirt has slid ever so slightly to the side and you can see the SMALLEST FUCKING SLIVER OF THE PLAIN BLACK STRAP. I guess my disbelief must have shown on my face because she instantly glares at me and starts in on a lecture about professionalism. 

EM: “Don’t give me that look! Its been distracting my son the entire time and as a professional woman like myself I know the value of not being seen ‘wanting it’ in the workplace!”

PK, clearly wanting to yeet himself out the nearest window: “Mum! You can’t say that!”

At that point I honestly didn’t care whether or not the poor dude had actually been looking or not because I was still reeling over the comment about me in all black workplace clothing with HALF a plain bra strap showing apparently meaning I ‘want it’.

Me: “I’m... very sorry, my shirt must have slipped.”

EM, condescendingly: “I’m sure, but consequences now will mean you pay better attention to this kind of stuff in future.”

Hearing that, I was too angry to speak without being rude so I just went and got my manager. My manager was entirely unhelpful and apologised to EM for the offence caused - after she made ME apologise of course - and promised to talk to all employees about workplace dress code. She even gave EM another sample to make up for the whole thing. Of course the second EM (smugly) and PK (presumably wanting an early death) walked out the door, my manager bitched about insane customers and said my shirt was fine. But the fact that EM walked out thinking that humiliating me and her son had gotten her special treatment really makes me furious. 

I know this wasn’t super dramatic compared to other stories on this sub and no one was screaming or anything but idk this really pissed me off, especially the way she treated her son and also how she acted as though she was teaching me a life lesson because my bra strap happened to half-exist in her world for a few seconds.

Edit: formatting, because i am a fool

Edit 2: wow this blew up when i was sleeping. thank you for the silver and gold, mysterious benefactors! also thank you to everyone giving me advice on complaining to my manager - i guess i thought she was just doing her job but seeing so many people saying she was in the wrong has definitely changed my perspective. she’s been pretty good apart from this one disaster so i might have a private conversation with her and let her know how it made me feel. thank you for the advice everyone 💕/nSo I'm flying cross-country (5 hour flight) and I have an aisle bulkhead seat. So, basically, I have the most legroom on the plane other than First Class. I'm also 6'1" so the extra legroom (which I paid for) is nice. Next to me is a child in the middle and an adult man at the window. The confrontation took place during boarding.

EP: Excuse me sir, would you mind switching seats with me so I can sit next to my son?

Me: Possibly. Where is your seat?

EP: Towards the back of the plane.

Me: Eh, I don't know. I paid for the extra legroom. Is it an aisle seat?

EP: No, it's a middle seat.

Me: I'm sorry, but that's not even close to a fair trade. Why don't you see if someone in your row is willing to switch with your son.

EP: ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!?! WHAT KIND OF FUCKING ASSHOLE WON'T LET A MOTHER SIT WITH HER SON?!?!?!?!

Me: What kind of person expects to trade a middle seat for an aisle seat with 3x the legroom?

EP: YOU ARE TRULY HEARTLESS! I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU WON'T SWITCH WITH ME! YOU ARE A TERRIBLE HUMAN BEING!!

At this point I just turned away and took my seat. She proceeded to march down the aisle complaining to anyone who would listen about the "asshole" in the first row. I then turned to the guy sitting at the window (the kid had headphones in the whole time and was paying no attention to what was happening).

Me: Wow, can you believe that?

Guy: I can, actually. She's my wife! Sorry your had to deal with that.

So, it turned out, the kid was sitting with a parent anyway!!!

Side note: I have no problem switching seats so family or friends can sit together. I'm just not trading a bulkhead aisle seat for a middle seat in regular coach on a 5 hour flight!/nLittle bit of backstory before I start: I was taking the train from my grandparents' house to my family's and I decided to take out my laptop. It's not terrific, it cost about £600 with a discount, but it works perfectly for what I like to use it for, which is mainly Word and playing lower quality video games. 

My laptop has a bit of a problem where if it is picked up from the left side, it glitches out and it freezes, making it look like it is broken, I just have to re-set it. 

And finally, UK trains tend to be 4 seats gathered around a table, and they had 'Quiet Carriages', which is the one I was in. Now then, into the story with all the usual names. 

&#x200B;

So, I was in the train with my computer on a table, making sure to take up as little space as possible, when EM and EK sat down. EM sat across from me, whereas EK sat next to me, wanting to have a look at the screen, but because L4D2 is a bit innapropriate for someone of EK's age (I'd say he looked 10-11), I tried turning the screen toward the window, so it made it more difficult for EK to see it, but, he still tried, leaning over to see the screen. I had earphones in, so I didn't really know what EK said, but he spoke to EM. Next thing I know, EM is turning the laptop toward EK to give him a better view. 

I hit 'Esc' and paused the game, and I asked EM what she was doing. 

EM: Oh, just let \[EK\] play!

Me: I'm sorry?

EM: Just let \[EK\] have your computer for a bit! 

Me: Erm... No? 

I honestly thought it was a joke, the jump from EK just trying to see my screen to EM trying to get me to give my computer to him. 

EM: Why not? 

Me: Because it has all of my GCSE revision stuff on it, and this game is not for people of his age! - I'll admit, I was being a bit loud. 

EM: Fine! Just let him watch!

I liked that she was reasonable, but the second I took my hands off my computer to put my earphones in, she had grabbed it by the left hand side of it and lifted it, moving it toward EK, throwing my wireless mouse at him, too. I sat there in a temporary shock, but EK was already trying to hit 'Esc' to un-pause the game. 

But, 

Lo, and behold, my shitty computer had broken when she picked it up. The left hand side of the screen was glitched out, [it looked like this](https://thumb1.shutterstock.com/display_pic_with_logo/2966137/655492114/stock-vector-glitch-background-computer-screen-error-digital-pixel-noise-abstract-design-video-game-glitch-655492114.jpg). 

EK: Mum! He's done something to it! 

EM turned the computer around, moved the mouse around, and unplugged the earphone, hearing the repeating sound of L4D2 glitching the fuck out. I swear, I wish I had my phone out to take a picture, because her expression changed too quickly for me to enjoy them! It was originally shock, anger, then horror as she realised she 'broke' my computer. Within a second she had grabbed all her bags, EK's hand, and she was waddling down the carriage into the next one along. 

A few people nearby asked what happened, and if they should get some help from the staff, but I said no, because it was fixable, and I wasn't being bothered anymore. 

As I said before, all I had to do was hard-reset it, and everything was fine, I just thought it would fit well on here, despite being short and pretty funny. 

Edit: thanks for the free Tech advice, and for telling me I should contact the police, but I’m not going to chase EM down/nThis happened this past weekend while grocery shopping with my 18 month old child.  Not as bad as some of the others in this sub but I thought it belonged here.

The town I live in has a big community fest each year on Main Street.  It's a typical New England type of main street in that it's actually two different one way streets with a big field in the middle.  The small number of available parking spots around the area are usually taken by the vendors so the town offers shuttle service from the local grocery store, which is about a mile away.  This, in turn, makes parking tough at the grocery store so I made sure to get there early.

The store has 'parking for customers with children' spots in a couple rows.  It's pretty convenient because it's four spots on one side with a cart pickup/return in the middle.  Instead of trying to carry my kid, the diaper bag, and the reusable shopping bags into the store to grab a cart, they're right there.  All this is important.

Players are Me, EM, and Store Manager (SM).

I was lucky enough to grab one of the kid spots Saturday morning which was great because there weren't many other spots available, if any.  I was in the process of loading my kid into the cart when it started.

EM: excuse me

Me: goes about my business because I have no idea she's talking to me

EM: EXCUSE ME!

Me: \*looks around and realizes shes talking to me "what's up?"

EM: You parked in the wrong spot

Me: \*gestures to the sign\* "These are for customers with children" (at this point I gear myself up for an argument about how they're not for *dads* with children, which is a disagreement a friend of mine said he got into once.)

EM: It says 'children' but you have one child.  Children means two or more.

Me: \*smiles\* "I think we both know it just means customers who have their kid with them.

EM: It means customers with two children or more.  You have to park somewhere else.

ME: \*starts pushing my cart and child towards the store\* "I'm not moving."

EM: \*starts shrieking.  And I mean *shrieking,* to the point where it made my child jump.\* 'THAT SPOT IS NOT FOR YOU AND YOUR ONE KID! IT'S FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WITH TWO KIDS!"

At this point I decided to stop engaging and just get into the store.  I'm not trying to get into a parking lot dispute with my 18 month old child with me.  Hell no.  I was almost there when she started blasting the horn.  Not just beeping it but laying on it so it was just a constant horn sound.

EM: GET YOUR FUCKING CAR OUT OF THAT SPOT OR I'LL HAVE THE MANAGER TOW IT!

I got into the store just as the manager was heading out.  He heard the yelling and beeping and asked what was happening.  I told him the truth: some crazy lady was pissy because I parked in the spot for customers with kids.  He looked at me, looked at my child, and then back outside...

....where EM had just parked across two(!) *handicap parking spots.*  Out of her SUV climb two children who looked to be about 10-12 years old.  SM sees this and runs outside.

SM: Ma'am, you can't park in the handicap spot without a handicap sticker!  You'll get a ticket!

EM: I don't give a shit!  There's no other spots since some asshole is taking up the kid parking spots with only one kid!

At this point the doors closed and I couldn't hear anything else.  Thankfully I didn't run into her while shopping, which was probably a small miracle.

45 minutes later I was heading out the door and see a cop parked next to the lady's SUV and he's writing her a ticket.  The state I'm in is a $150 fine for the first violation and $250 for any after that.  I'm not sure if taking two spots = two fines, but she's probably lucky her car wasn't towed.  Hopefully the cop wrote two tickets, one for $150 and one for $250./nSo this happened a while ago but made me happy so I thought I'd share.

Years ago when the dark knight rises had just been released my boyfriend and I went to see the trilogy at the cinema (you know 3 films back to back).

I'm a teacher and when we walk into the cinema in the row behind us were about 6 of my A level students (great trip to the cinema with my class) :). Anyway the stories not about them but they come into it later.

We'd had a great afternoon and had watched Batman begins and the Dark knight with no problems. My BF had gone to get free refills of popcorn and coke so I was just chilling playing a game on my phone waiting for the final film to begin.

Enter Entitled Dad (ED) with 2 children in tow.

ED: (RUDELY AND LOUDLY) YOU'RE IN MY SEAT!

Of course this instantly got my back up he could have said excuse me or been slightly polite, you know like a normal human being. The joy of the situation was of course that I knew I was in the right and he was wrong even before I engaged in conversation with Mr Entitled.

Me: (without even glancing up from my phone you know cos he started with the rudeness first) No I'm not.

ED: YES YOU ARE THIS IS MY SEAT NUMBER YOU'RE IN OUR SEATS

Me: (Still not looking at him) No I'm not.

ED: YES, YES YOU ARE THIS IS MY SEAT.

Me: (Sighing and finally looking up) No I'm not, can I see your ticket please sir.

I find being saccharine sweet to entitleds really annoys them. (he he he)

ED shoves his ticket into my face with a self satisfied grin of triumph on his face.  I should mention at this point the 6th former's just behind me had stopped eating popcorn an were avidly watching to see how the scenario would play out.

I look at his tickets. 

Me: Ahhhh here's your problem sir your seat is in screen 2 . This unfortunately is screen 1.

ED snatches his tickets back and storms from the screen to the hysterical laughter of six 18 year old lads as I shout after him.

"No need to apologise sir, Happy to help, We all make dumb mistakes". 

So anyway I enjoyed that exchange so I thought you guys might too. The thing is if he'd just been polite he wouldn't have humiliated himself or his poor kids./nI am an optician. TL;DR is the title pretty much

This happened a few minutes ago and I'm still laughing about it.

EP looked like a single dad, wrangling his 2 boys; they looked about 5 and 8 ish I'm not sure.

I was helping another patient AKA L for lady, pick out some new frames, and she knocked one to the ground. I bend over and pick them up.

EP: Hey that's inappropriate!

Me: Excuse me?

EP: You can't do that!

Me: Sorry sir, were you needing some help with something? \*super confused\*

EP: You just bent over and showed your ass to everyone in the waiting room!

((Sidenote: I am wearing khaki pants and a blouse. Basic office wear))

Me: I just picked up some glasses...

EP: You should have knelt down to grab them! You're giving my sons the wrong idea.

L: Sir can you not.

EP: SHE'S BEING A HUSSY!

L: She picked up a pair of glasses because I have a hard time bending over! If I could pick up things from the ground like her I would too!

EP: NEVER DO THAT AGAIN DO YOU HEAR ME?!

Me: Okay... Sorry you were offended that I picked up some glasses.

EP: UHG I am going to REPORT YOU to the doctor!

Me: Alright, here's my business card so you have my name and contact information.

EP: You think now that you're being nice I won't do it?

Me: No, you do what you feel is best.

L: Just leave us alone. You need to focus on your children.

EP: Don't tell me how to raise my kids!

L: Well they're licking the windows right now so...

EP: KID 1! KID 2! (no names obv) GET BACK HERE!

Luckily the tech called them back so I will update if I get a talking to about my super sexy way of bending over and picking things up off the ground. /s It would have made more sense if I were in a pencil skirt or something. Dude must've had dirt thrown into his cereal this morning.

UPDATE: Just got back from lunch. Our doctor of the day came out to say hi to me, took one look at my outfit, and shook his head. 

Me: Hey Dr Redacted, \*whispering\* is this about the butt guy?

Dr: \*snorting laughter\* Yes. 

Me: Am I in trouble?

Dr: No. 

Me: Cool, have a good day! 

The doctor just laughed some more and went back into his office. I'm not trouble and the butt guy is gone./n 

Today I (M18) went to a local outdoor gym, its a fairly basic set up, a few bars to hang off, some planks to jump onto and parallel bars. I like to do a workout after uni most days, today was no different, I got into my workout gear and ran from where I'm staying atm to the outdoor gym. I was the only one there when I got there, just like normal, occasionally there will be one other person.

After about half an hour, a mother with a few kids came, the kids would be between 3-5. They started playing on some the bars and stuff as kids do. I was fine with that, I just didn't use those bars in my circuit. While working out the mother kept looking at me, she would of been mid 20's-30's. After about 10 minutes she came over to me and said "Isn't it a bit weird that using a playground like this?"-mum

I was confused but responded "Ah, this is an outdoor gym"-me

"Well you should go to a real gym, so I don't have to worry about my kids"-mum

"This is here for the community, I don't have an issue with kids being here but I find it kinda rude how you're asking me to leave"-me

"Well if everyone is allowed here how about you stop scaring my kids with your presence! A big guy in the playground is scary"-mum

"What do you mean by that"-me

"Well the way you're here you probably touch kids"-mum

"I really don't appreciate you throwing around bullshit like that"-me

"Wow now you're swearing! Absolutely disgusting my kids don't need to hear this!"-mum

She then left with all her kids.

TLDR Mother gets mad at me for being in an outdoor gym and says I'm there "to touch kids"/n

Hi guys

I have a prosthetic leg btw


I was finally ready to say, will you go and watch a movie with me? To my crush. She said yes(OMG)

We went to Alita:battle angle(yeah weird for a date) And we had a great time. We walked out the movie theater and were talking about the film, when a girl(Entitled geometricfucker) walked up to me and grabbed my hand and said to her EM

Look this is my boyfriend!

Me: what? I'm not your boyfriend! I don't know you! 

My date looks confused, not knowing what was happening. 

Eg: come on, you are so cute! 

Me, 180 cm, missing a leg, scar in face, blond, greenish eyes and wide mouth, yeah I'm not the beatiest person in da world. 

Me: No! I don't know you

I push her away

Em: why don't you date her? She seems perfect together with you. 

Me: I don't now her and I'm not gonna Date her. I'm already on a Date this evening and you are ruining it. 

Em: come on! She won't treat you good! My daughter is way better then that slut. 

Me: what did you say about her? 

Em: slut. And I'm even being kind

Me : LEAVE US PLEASE! 

eg: but I like people with prosthetic legs! 

WTF?! Alright. My date was being confused and probably about to cry, and this eg continously tried to grab my hand. I said to my date

Come were gonna make a run for it. We walk away quickly, and her screaming after us, and I decided that we should get something YUMMIE to forget what just happened. We got a drink somewhere, when I asked my date for a relationship and she said yes(OMG so happy) and 5 min later her eyes went big and scared, and I feel someone tapping on my shoulder. 

Em: so you are breaking it up! Nice! My daughter is there when you are done. 

Me: go. Away please! 

She walks away and I see her daughter continously looking at me and waving. I say to my gf

Come on lets go

We walk away, hoping they wouldn't notice. 

They followed us


Help me


I called my dad that he should pick us up and 10 min later he arrived. We step in the car, and the EM knocks on the door. I open the window to see what kind of bullshit she has to say and she says

Here you have the phone number of my daughter! See you next week! 

Me: again, I'm not dating your stupid daughter! You ruined our date and evening! Leave us!

Closing the window

Me : dad let's go. 


I explained the situation to my dad and he laughs at first but was pretty serious. 

Me and my gf are very happy with each other btw


TL DR: EG wants to date me because of my prosthetic leg, ruins my date and stalks me intil I left with my dad

WTF is wrong with people



Edit: wajooooo went to bed with 60 up votes and woke up with 5,9K up votes and silver Thank you so much!


Edit 2: for people asking about my leg, It happened in a car accident were I tried to jump away but was too late. One foot got djrgev and landed on my face(scar) I had a broken arm and leg/nSorry of this is really long, but felt the need to share after a run in with my entitled parent, my own sister. She reminded me about this while complaining that her daughter didn’t want to hang out with her for her 18th birthday. TLDR at bottom.

Little back story. I’m the middle of 5 kids and it’s a complicated mess from my mom being married three times. Basically the order of us is my older sister from her first marriage that was raised by her grandmother for reasons I was never told. There’s me and my younger brother from her second, he’s only a year younger than me and we’ve always been super close because we were raised together. Then there’s my step sister, whose a few weeks young and a step brother a few years older than me from her third and last marriage. That man was a saint and treated me more like a daughter than my waste of skin father ever did.  The oldest amount us is almost 10 years older than me and because she had a kid young, I was 8 when my first nephew was born. Thankfully, she didn’t live with the rest of us then, but when she moved back in with us when I was older (around 16), she had some fight with her baby daddy and bailed.  I somehow became a free babysitter for her kids every weekend. This pissed me off A LOT because my mom not only allowed it; she told me I had no choice because “she needed time from the kids” Never mind the fact that I’m juggling school, a part time job and Army Cadets and she was a stay t home mom. I had one night to myself each week to do my homework or go out with my friends and my sister would bugger off and leave me with her crotch goblins.

She didn’t even have the decency to feed them first and those little shits (ages 2, 7 and 8) were picky eaters. And trying to do my homework with these three fighting was more than I could take. It came to a point that I stopped coming home till late on my days off and just heading to the library or friends instead. This was also in the days before cell phones were common place and cost like 900$ upfront, so my sister couldn’t text to demand where I was. I often miss the days before texting and social media for reasons like this. I know, ironic considering I post on reditt. As soon I would walk in the door, she practically bolted and get pissy if I told her I had to go to work or cadets.

Other problems she caused were things like when my boyfriend would pick be up before school and she would hit on him. Once she grabbed his car keys and dropped them down the  front of her pants and told him if he wanted them he would have to grab them. He quickly responded that he didn’t want his hands anywhere near her filthy clap trap and we ended up walking. I lived close enough to the school, but he didn’t and I had to lend him my bus pas until I could get his car keys back. Or she poked fun at a friend of mine who was really short due to Turner syndrome, called her a beach ball because of her height combined with a DD cup size.

On top of that my mom and step dad, who were truck drivers, were home less and less as we got older. My mom had made me start to pay rent when I got my part time job, about 50$ a week that went into helping the bills. I hated that because I didn’t make a lot and I bus passes were not cheap. My mom also started to tell me that the money that I would give her for my rent was to go to my sister to buy groceries. My sister, on the other hand, used it to go to the casino with our other sister, then lie to my mom and tell her that I didn’t give her the money. Has to start getting her to sign receipts from a book I got at a dollar store just to prove she was full of shit.

Anyways, this went on for close to 2 years sorry for the long back story, but this woman was the bane of my teen years and part of my 20s.

What finally broke the camel’s back was my 18th birthday. My mom and step dad couldn’t be there because of work, which was fine and I had bought a nice dress to wear with some friends at the bar. Legal drinking age where I live is 18. They also told me they would be home the morning after, so we could grab lunch together after they had a nap.

The CastMe - duh

Sis – entitled bitch sister

I got home from school to shower and get dress to head out, because of her antic I had a lock installed on my bedroom door, that and I didn’t want her kids in my room because they would break things. I was in such a hurry that I forgot to relock my door while I was in the shower and when I got back to my room, she was there, trying to zip up the dress I bought on her, but she was too fat to manage it.

Me : take that off and get the fuck out of my room!Sis: but I need something to wear tonight, I’m going out and you have to watch the kids.

Me: the fuck I am. ITS MY 18TH BIRTHDAY. I’m going out.Sis: but I need you to watch them! You haven’t been home and I can’t afford a sitter.Then I hear a rip as one of the side seams bursts open. Smugly, my sister takes off the dress and drops it to the floor.

Sis: looks like you’re not going now, hu?

And she walked out of my room. I check the dress; the stitches on the seam broke, so I could fix it in less than 5 minutes. I call my boyfriend and tell him what’s going and he told me he would handle it and to get ready to go.I fix the dress, get ready and as finish my make up, I hear my sister start screaming in rage. I go outside and barley hold back my laughter. All 4 tires on her car are flat.  Then my boyfriend pulls up and I pout at her, looks like you won’t be going, hu? And we leave. Boyfriend had parked his car down the street and snuck over to let the air out, but not slash them, he wasn’t that much of an ass.The night was a blast, what I remember of it. I didn’t get home to the ass crack of dawn, just as my parents got home. Mom didn’t say anything, just asked if I had fun and told me to be up by 11 so we could go and eat. I went to my room and collapsed into bed, I heard my sister start to wine to them in the kitchen, must have thought she could turn this to get me in shot, but my mom wasn’t having any of it and tore into her like I had never heard before. Not only was my sister called selfish and childish for trying to pull such a stunt, that she was not living there for free any longer. She was given 30 days to either get a job or leave.

She moved back in with her baby daddy 2 weeks later. Apparently she had been “seeing” him the whole time she was living with us and was getting welfare cheques without giving my parents a dime to help out while not even buying so much as a box of cereal for her kids.

To this day I hate when any of my siblings, even my younger brother, asks me to watch their kids. I don’t hate my nieces and nephews, far from it. I just don’t want to be in the situation of being that run to free baby sitter.  I’m also the only one among us 5 who doesn’t have kids and I’m perfectly content with that. By “kids” have 4 legs and fur.

TLDR: entitled sister tried to make me babysit on 18th birthday, get told by mom following day she cant live with us for free anymore.

edit 1: OMG! thank you so much for the letting me vent and HUGE thanks for the 2 gold and the platinum.  
edit 2: for those who asked, I have pics of my fur babies under cats are assholes.  [https://i.redd.it/eew8u2742ld31.jpg](https://i.redd.it/eew8u2742ld31.jpg)[https://i.redd.it/aamf64bkxg631.jpg](https://i.redd.it/aamf64bkxg631.jpg)/nThis is my second post about working at gamestop and trust me I have so many entitled parent stories, but this is one that still baffles me. It’s long but it’s worth it. I’m writing this the morning after this all happened.

For a good couple of months we have been selling out of copies of Mario kart for the switch and we had one copy left.

Cast: Me (obvious), EM (entitled mom), EK (goblin), NM (nice mom), NK (nice kid).

When this happened I was the only employee up front and I had two families in line, both were moms with they’re sons. The nice mom and her kid were in the front of the line.

Me: Hi are you ready to check out?

The nice mom nudges her son up and looks at him to speak up.

NK: um..hi... do you have mawio kawt(this is how he talked) for the switch? 

He says as he scoots the game case onto the counter.

Me: Well it’s your lucky day because we have one copy left and it has your name on it.

The little boy smiles and his mom starts pulling out her wallet to pay.

This is when EM shoves past the NM to get to the front counter.

EM: Did I just hear you say that this is the last copy of Mario kart for the switch??

Annoyed that she shoved this mom aside I respond, Me: Yes it is ma’am but if you wait for me to help out the people in front of you, I can check some other locations to see if they have a copy.

EK: But I don’t want to go to another store mommy.

EM: We shouldn’t have to go to another location because of your incompetence!

Me: I’m sorry there’s nothing I can do for you.

EM: Well if you helped me out first then there wouldn’t be a problem!

At this point I’m getting annoyed, she shoved the nice mom out of the way and then is telling me that I should’ve helped her first even though she was in the back of the line???

Me: I’m going to have to ask you to move to the back of the line and I’ll help you out in a second.

Multiple people have now come in and the line has gotten longer. 

EM: You expect me to move to the back of the line, I was right behind this lady and her kid!

Me: Well you were until you got out of line.

EM: Well I’m not going to wait in this line.

(This whole time I have my customer service smile on my face)

Me: Well you can stand wherever you’d like and I’ll help you out after everyone else.

She then huffs and moves to the side pretending to look at some keychains and small items. 

In case you didn’t know gamestop always has display cases on the wall so even if we have a game displayed it doesn’t mean we necessarily have it in stock.

As I stated earlier when the NK came up to the counter he scooted the case onto it but that one was just the display so I moved it to the side so I could put it back later.

I finish up NM and NK’s transaction and they leave the store. Before I could help the next customer in line EM shoves her way back up front.

EM: If you are out of copies then what is that case right there? (Pointing to the empty Mario kart display case) 

I try to explain to her the thing I just explained to you guys about display cases but she interrupts.

EM: Don’t give me that bullshit, why don’t you want to sell us the game? That’s discrimination!

(Um that’s not discrimination???)

Me: Its just an empty display case you can open it up if you want.

EK: MoOmmmM I want the game, you said I could have it.

EM then picks up the display case and just walks out of the store.

At this point I’m not really mad because I wanted her out of my hair and it’s empty anyways. I can just make another one.

The next day my manager approaches me about a complaint a customer had that I sold them a game but the case was empty and that she wants to speak to my manager. And I knew EXACTLY who he was referring to... the EM who stole the empty case. (I told him about the whole situation)

She’s supposed to come back tomorrow to talk to my manager, but the funny thing is I’m working a long shift so I’ll probably be there when she comes in. I can’t wait to hear what story she comes up with.

Side note: we had no used copies of the game so I couldn’t have offered EM that.

Edit: As requested, I will be posting an update after she comes in

[Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/chrhb5/update_entitled_mom_takes_empty_case_from/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/nTLDR: Rude entitled mothers don’t realize I also speak Spanish until after they insult me. 

For this story to make sense, you have to know that I am multilingual. I am a white person as well, so at first glance, people don’t think I can speak Spanish or Japanese or anything along those lines. 

I also wanted to clarify: these stories happened 1-2 years ago. I think people were under the impression that my stories were happening currently.

Context: i was a daycare worker for a year or so when i was younger. 

We were having a Halloween party of sorts, which meant that parents were invited, similar to primary/elementary school. 

A Hispanic woman entered the class, and her one-year-old or so entered the class, a little early. I smiled at her and told her where to sit and wait while we finished up story time and then we would start the party.

Of course, the woman’s daughter ran up to her and instantly began speaking Spanish to her. Which I understood every word, the little girl was basically just going on about Halloween, and how much she loves Halloween books.

Another detail about this woman is that she looks very young, like way too young to have a 3-year-old or even a one-year-old, she looked like a teenager. But ya know whatever, maybe she has a bomb ass skincare routine, good for her. 

We finish story time, two more parents enter the room in this time, and one of these parents, is another Hispanic woman, who immediately greets the other woman, and they start to have a conversation in Spanish, again, I can understand every word their saying, but they don’t know that. We let the kids play as we set out the party stuff on the back counters, like party hats, treats, and we also start to set up games around the room. 

I finally take a seat after just doing a million things at once, and I begin to look down at my phone (edit: i didn't think i would need to clarify this, but i need to add this, i looked at my phone for maybe 20 seconds, to see if an email came from my doctor or not, at this time i was getting results back to see if i had cervix cancer, i didn't btw. i know i don't need to add this, and that it is not relevant, I'm just sick of seeing comments saying that i shouldn't have been on my phone. Normally i wouldn't be and i agree that it's unprofessional, but the situation encouraged me. My apologies), a flood of parents coming in now, the other carer in the room was giving them instructions, so other than watching the kids, I didn’t really have much to do. If it was just myself and my co-worker in the room, i would have been 100% focused on the kids, but there were about 7 or 8 adults in the room, i wasn’t worried. 

I overhear a conversation, that’s in Spanish. (First Hispanic mom: EM1, second Hispanic mom: EM2)

EM1: how lazy. And we trust her to take care of our children!

EM2: I know right? Sitting on her fat butt looking at her cellphone, what a bad influence. 

I look up at them, pretending I’m just looking around and don’t understand a word they’re saying, I then place my phone in my pocket, and begin to help their daughters with a puzzle, and begin speaking to the two girls in Spanish. 

I looked up to see both of the mother’s looking at each other mortified, they knew I heard them, i was only 3 feet away. I didn’t laugh about it until after they left, but when they did I laughed my ass off, and i tell this story all the time because it’s one of my personal favorites. 

I hope you enjoyed, don’t assume they can’t understand you, I mean they probably don’t, but still lmao!/nSo yesterday I made a comment about this and was asked to make it its own post so here we go. English is my first language and I'm not on mobile so feel free to tear me apart.

Background: For my first semester in Uni I had decided to live in dorms because they were so close to campus and my scholarship would cover a portion of the housing. These dorms were suite style, so they had 5 bedrooms with 2 people in each room, and we all shared a common area in the center. The EK in this story was the only one who knew her roommate before hand because they moved here from Texas together.

Cast:

K: Dorm-mate M: K's Roommate EM: K's squatter mom Me: Mystic Enigma RA: resident assistant

&#x200B;

So the first day of check in was absolutely insane. With 10 students in each room we had 80 people on each floor and the RA had to check in each person individually so we really didn't get time to know each other between the line and unpacking. Everyone's parents were there to help them move and to say good bye. (Our floor was all freshman). Because of this nobody really thought twice about EM still being there that night.

My roommate and I went to the opening ceremonies and didn't get home until probably 1am and were really surprised to see EM asleep on the couch. WE rubbed it off thinking her flight back to Texas may not be until the next day and just went to bed.

That morning we woke up to the most delicious smell of bacon, omelettes, and waffles. Everyone slowly filed out of their rooms thinking one of our dorm-mates had made us food before our first day of class. Boy were we wrong. EM had gone through the fridge and the cupboards taking ingredients from wherever she could fine, meaning it was our food. As a student with no job at that point the food she took from me, and my other roommates, was supposed to last the first couple weeks of school until we could get a job or parents sent some money. All of us were very obviously annoyed but she seemed completely oblivious to the dirty looks. EM and K were just munching away while their dishes and mess were piled all over the counter. Eventually M walks out and they excitedly tell her that they made breakfast for her too. We were all dumbfounded but kept quiet as we hurried to eat cereal or toast.

My classes were in the afternoon, so I didn't get back from campus until around 4:30. I was expecting the mess to be cleaned and EM to be gone, but as I walked in the counters were still covered in their dishes, and EM, K, and M were playing on MY xbox. I cleared my throat to get their attention. All I got was a side glance from M, who looked like she'd been caught doing something really bad. As I peer farther over the couch I realize that they went through all of my tech box to set up my xbox, leaving everything from my Wii to all of my movies scattered on the ground. I was absolutely livid and went and unplugged the xbox in the middle of their game. This made EM completely lose it.

EM: YOU BRAT WE WERE IN THE MIDDLE OF SOMETHING

Me: Yeah in the middle of my stuff. I expect you to put it all away.

After hearing that K tried to get up to start clearing my stuff. She couldn't even get all the way off the couch before EM tugged her back down.

EM:  K DOESN'T LISTEN TO YOU SHE LISTENS TO ME. MAYBE ASK BEFORE ASSUMING YOU'RE IN CHARGE!

I didn't feel the need to deal with more of this BS so I gathered all my things and shoved them in my room. Fast-forward 2 weeks and we have our floor meeting with the RA. He explains certain rules like when quiet hours are, and that a guest can only stay 2 nights consecutively. At this point EM had fully turned our living room into her bedroom by putting sheets on the couch and the whole 9 yards. K and M shared a glance and ran back to our dorm.

The second the meeting was over I marched up to the RA and tell him that 'someone' has had a guest since the first day of class. He looks absolutely dumbfounded as I lead him to our dorm. When we walk in K and M are sitting on the couch as of nothing had happened and there was no sign of EM. The RA took K into the hall and they talked for 10 minutes.

Apparently she had been begging EM to leave, but she just wouldn't. After hearing the rule K went and told EM she has 5 minutes to get out or she wouldn't be allowed to live there anymore (that isn't true but she needed to sound serious). EM got up and left to drive back to Texas, which she could have done at any moment.

The real kicker of this story is that there was a B&B not even 30 yards from the buildings entrance.

TL;DR EM decides she gets to stay on the couch in our dorm for two weeks and use our stuff like it’s hers.

Edit 1: Updated formatting and added tl;dr
Edit 2: thanks for the gold kind stranger!/nSo I literally just started learning American Sign Language. I know like ten signs. Don't even know the alphabet yet, just some everyday words.

I drove my sister to the dentist so I could take her home afterwards since she was going to be woozy. It wasn't going to be that long so I opted to just wait in the waiting room until it was finished.

After she got called in, I just started playing games on my phone. A while later, a kid (of about 8 or 9, maybe 12? I'm horrible at guessing kids' ages) ran into the office ahead of his mom by about a minute. He makes a beeline for me and asks if he can play on my phone.

I say, "Sorry, I promised my parents I would never let anyone use it, and I can't break that promise."

He seems upset and asks, "Why?"

I respond, "Well, it could get damaged or lost, and I just don't want to take the risk. Sorry."

He stomps his feet with a "Grmph!" and runs to his mom who has just walked in.

"Mommy, mommy! He won't let me play with his phone!" he shouts.

She looks at me and walks up to me.

"Excuse me? Did you say he can't play with your phone?"

Now, at this point, I know she's going to be a pain in the neck to deal with, so I decide to try something that will probably not work; I pretend I'm deaf (and cannot read lips). I didn't think it would work since there were about six other people in the office, and two receptionists, who must have heard me speaking before, but I figure, what the hell?

I sign, "I know a little sign language," while shaking my head.

"What? What do you mean, 'No?' and why aren't you talking?"

"It's nice to meet you," I sign.

"What are you doing?! Are you threatening me?!" she shrieks.

I figured I should just give up and tell her to screw off, but one of the other people waiting comes up and takes her attention.

"Ma'am, he's deaf. He's using sign language," the wonderful man says.

Oh, boy.

The kid speaks up, "Nuh-uh! He was talking before!"

The man looks to the kid and says, "Watch, I'll prove it."

At this point I think I'm in trouble.

The man turns to me and speaks as well as signs, "Are you deaf?"

I'm hoping he's playing along and helping me out, so I sign, "Yes."

"See?" he says to the woman.

You'd think this would convince her to back off, but no. She just homes in on the fact that I denied her kid my phone.

"Well, then, ask him why the heck he doesn't let my kid use his phone!"

I turn to the guy, as if asking him to interpret. He plays along and "translates" what she said.

I sign back, "It's nice to meet you slowly, my hard-of-hearing phone is deaf." (I learned the sign for "phone" on the spot. It's exactly what you think it is)

He turns to the woman and says, "He said he promised his parents he'd never let anyone use his phone, so it doesn't get damaged or lost."

The kid goes ballistic, "But that's what he was saying before! He said it, I heard him!"

The mother seems to realize that her kid may not be being truthful (he was, though, hehe) and also realized she was bothering me for no good reason.

"Hush, Timmy. I'm sorry he bothered you. Please accept my apologies," the woman says to me.

Again, I turn to the interpreter.

"She says she's sorry," he says and signs.

I don't know how to sign, "No worries," or "It's fine," or anything like that, and the only sign I can think of is "Fingerspell," which he translates as "It's no problem."

She walks off to the counter with her kid and I sign, "Thank you," to the man.

He responds by saying and signing, "No problem."

I mimic his "No problem" sign just to make sure I get it right, and he nods and signs, "Yes."/nEdit: for everyone asking, a lilo is like an inflatable mattress that is used in water. I’ve seen other people call it a floaty but lilo is the word we mostly use in the UK. 

The parents of a child whose life was saved by the RNLI after she drifted out to sea have sent the rescuers a bill for the £7 lilo.

The girl had drifted out to sea on the inflatable and a £7,000 rescue mission was launched to save her.

The rescue helicopter was even roped in to get the girl back to safety off the coast of Cornwall.

But the heroic rescuers were stunned to be sent an invoice by the girl's mum and dad, Bristol Live reports.

Mike Carter, president of the RNLI branch, said a rescue helicopter had to be used to save the youngster when she got into a precarious situation.

A crew member then jumped into the water to save the girl, but left her inflatable lilo in the water off Porthleven.

Mike said: "A family visiting Porthleven purchased a lilo from a local shop and went to the beach.

"There was an off-shore wind and the parents immediately experienced their child waving goodbye as the lilo went further and further out.

"The coastguard scrambled the SAR helicopter which was soon on scene.
"The diver jumped from the the helicopter and saved the child. He instantly put a knife through the lilo to save any further drifting and they were both winched to safety."

After receiving the invoice, Mike said the rescuer replied saying they would happily pay - if the family paid for the cost of launching the helicopter.

He said: "Two weeks later the commanding officer of 771 received a request to pay an invoice for £7 the cost of the lilo.

"The CO wrote replying: 'I will be happy to pay your invoice on receipt of payment for the helicopter rescue £7,000.' No response was received."/nHi, all! I am going to preface this story with a bit of background on myself. I am a 17 year old female with multiple invisible disabilities, none of which are contagious. I sometimes wear a mask in public places, especially places with children in them. Children are already interested in my interestingly colored hair, and my immune system sucks too much to be taking any risks. Nothing I have is contagious, but at the time of this story, (a few moths ago) there were 4 measles cases in my direct area, and more in the surrounding counties.

And yes, if you saw my malicious compliance story from awhile ago, this is the return of “entitledville”.

Key just in case:

EM- Entitled mother
SK- Small kid
Me- Me

The story starts at a park I live near. It’s about 5 or 6 streets down from my own, and as I don’t have enough stamina to walk, I drive my car there. (All praise the batmobile, my lovely rogue.) I sometimes visit the park to sit and draw, as it is a very calm place usually. It’s not super busy, except on weekends and after 3:00 when schools get out. The park is surrounded by houses that all face it, this is important for later.

This day I was sitting at a bench that was farther away from either of the play areas. I was sitting down and drawing a moth (I draw a lot of bugs), when I immediately feel a prescience appear to the right of me. I have sensory issues, so I’m not really comfortable with random things happening around me, especially being surprised with a living, breathing, human. I look to my left and see EM, who plopped SK right next to me, basically shoving him into my side. This startled me, to I immediately jumped a bit and jerked away. I looked up at EM in shock as she looked down at me in discontent. She said something to me but in the moment I didn’t have enough time to process the thought of taking my earbuds out and interrupting Arcade Fire. Suddenly, EM bends down and jerks my earbud out of my ear, so hard it made my ear ring.

EM: you should listen when adults are talking to you, young lady.

Me: pardon? You caught me off guard, was there something you needed?

She huffed loudly and tapped her long nail extensions against her hips. There’s a reason I call where I live Entitledville; everyone there is a stuck up individual whose husbands don’t love them.

EM: I’m leaving SK with you. I have work to do around the house.

She then immediately turned around to go back to her house, which I later found out was one of the houses that faced the park. Immediately stood up, cane in hand, and started after her when I noticed that I accidentally knocked SK to the ground. SK wasn’t crying at all, just looked confused. This is when I noticed that SK had mucus dropped everywhere, and he looked super sickly.

Me: Ma’am you can’t just leave me with- wait, is he sick?

EM runs to SK to see if he’s ok, somehow not yelling about how I hurt her baby, which is out of the ordinary.

EM: Yes, he’s still building up his immune system, and you need to take care of him. You can’t get sick if you’re sick already!

Then it clicked. The bitch thought that because of my mask, I was sick, and therefor could care for her clearly very ill child.

Me: I’m sorry but no. I have a weak immune system and now I have to go home and shower off whatever germs you just put next to me. Please, lady, take your kid to a doctor. He looks terrible.

EM: don’t tell me what to do with my child! We don’t do doctors in this family anymore, not since they tried to vaccinate SK over and over again!!

My heart sank as I realized what I was up against. I had gotten whooping cough just a few months before this incident, and I was (and still am) still struggling from the lingering effects, even though I’m fully vaccinated. What if this kid had something serious? My flight or fight responses kicked in and immediately told me to run to my car. I grabbed my sketchbook and pencils and started running, totally ignoring my bad joints and muscles in the process. (that sprint really messed me up for a few days...)

EM: WHERE ARE YOU GOING YOUNG LADY?? YOU CAN’T JUST LEAVE MY CHILD HERE! I’LL CALL THE POLICE ON YOU FOR CHILD ENDANGERMENT!

I couldn’t even come up with a response, so I said nothing and continued running. I jumped in my car, out of breath, and turned on the ignition. That’s when I saw EM, SK in hand, RUNNING TOWARDS THE BATMOBILE. Without a word  I pressed on the gas, nearly missing EM as she was about to run into the middle of the street. She was yelling other profanities and stuff behind me as I sped off. 

I drove past the park a few weeks later and saw EM talking with a neighbor in front of her house, which was for sale. I heard from a mutual neighbor that her husband got a job somewhere in Germany, and I’m now just glad she’s gone and I can sketch in peace. 

For all I care, Germany can have her.

TL:DR: EM expects me to watch her sick child because I look sick, makes it known she’s an antivaxxer, I run for my life and pull 7 muscles.

EDIT: Thank you so much kind person for the silver! I never really expected this post to blow up at all, as there are so many stories on here where people are so much more insane, so thank you to everyone! :)

EDIT 2: thank you so much, random stranger for the gold!/nI'm writing on phone so the text will be smooshed together


Eb = entitled brat


Em = entitled mom


Me = me


T = teacher


So today it's Valentine's day and my boyfriend brought me a teddy bear and some chocolate.
 But since my backpack was full I decided I'd carry the teddy bear in my hands. Not a big deal, until I decided to walk past the school as a short cut. I walked past a kid, she saw the teddy bear and asked me to look at it.
                    

Me: ok, but don't loose it in the puddle.
                    

Eb: ok.
                  

And the kid looked at the teddy bear.
                 

After she had it for about 1 min I decided I should go home.
             

Me: I have to go, can I have the bear back.

                   
Eb: no, I want it, can I have it?

                      
Me: uhhh. No my boyfriend gave it to me.

                       
Em walks over to us. Probably picking up the kid.

               
Me: can you tell your daughter to give the bear back?

                 
Em: well, why does she have it in the first place.

                  
Me: she asked to look at it, but I have to go now.

                    
Eb: but mom, I want the bear, it's so cute.

                 
Em: aren't you too old for those anyways.

              
Me: I got it from my boyfriend, it was a Valentine's day gift.

             
Em: just let her keep it.

              
They start walking away when I grab the bear.

             
Em: what do you think you're doing.

                
Eb, starts crying.

           
Me: I just want the bear back, it was a gift.

           
Em: give it back.

             
A teacher from the school walks by and says hi.

            
Em: this girl is trying to take (kids name) teddy bear.
           

Me: what, this is mine. It was a gift.

          
Em tries to rip the bear out of my hand and looses it in the puddle.

             
Me: what was that for.

           
Em: NOW IT'S RUINED, YOU OWE ME 15 DOLLARS!!

            
Her face turns red.

          
Me: but it was mine, why would I pay you!!!!

         
T picks up teddy bear

       
T: ok, both of you, stop now.

       
Me: can I just have my teddy bear so I can leave?
       

Eb is still crying.

         
T: ok, what does the heart on the teddy bear say?
         

Em: uhhhh, I don't remember, but I think it was I love you.

       
Me: it says happy Valentine's day.

   
T: you're right.

  
Hands me the soaking wet teddy bear.

  
Em: fuck it then.

  
She grabs her kid who is still crying and leave.    
   
  
I know this isn't the most exciting story, but being 15 and meeting this lady. Wow. Never walking by the school again./nThis happened yesterday, and while there’s no cops or fights, it was definitely an entitled parent moment.

We moved into our new house 3 weeks ago. It has a lovely backyard that backs onto a public walking path, with a 4 ft chain link fence. There’s a gate from the yard onto the path, which is required by the city.

The yard also has an oddity: an inground trampoline. Yes, you read that right... someone had professional installed a gymnastic style trampoline to be ground level. We’re in the process of having this removed because a) it’s stupid and b) the trampoline has been exposed to 15+ years of Canadian winter and I doubt it’s safe. 

Yesterday I was in the kitchen when I heard the sounds of springs bouncing. I thought it was odd, since none of the yards near me have trampolines.

I look out the window, and there’s a preschool aged kid bouncing on MY trampoline, while mom stands on the pathway and watches.

I come flying out of the house... this is the exchange that occurred.

Me: “ummm... excuse me, you can’t use this trampoline. It’s private.”

Mom: “yes I can, this is my friends house. Who are you?”

Me: “if it was your friends house, you’d know she moved out a month ago. This is my house now, and you don’t have permission.”

Mom, starting to look huffy: “she said we could keep using it.”

Me: “that isn’t up to her, that’s up to me. It’s unsafe, and you cannot use it.”

Mom: “it’s not your house, it’s your dad’s. I’ve seen him.”

(Ok, so clearly she lives somewhere nearby)

Me: “you mean my husband? I can assure you I do own it. If you’d like I can call the police and they’ll sort it out for us.”

This entire exchange has occurred while my dogs are going insane in the house. They can see someone strange in their yard. They are also NOT small dogs - one is nearly 200 lbs.

Mom steps into the yard, picks up her kid from the trampoline and steps back. 

Mom: “your dogs are monsters.”

Me: “I’m going to go open the door and let them out, so you can find out.”

Mom took off down the path with her confused looking kid. I put a zip tie on the gate so it can’t be opened, and will be finding a company this week to take it down and fill the pit of despair under it.

Not as exciting as some tales, but this one is true.

Edit: spelling hard.

Edit: 

dog tax: https://imgur.com/gallery/q2qKTZd

Trampoline tax: https://imgur.com/gallery/HRfiLPo/nSo, people wanted another story about my Entitled Mother, and this one is pretty recent.

My mom got engaged to her boyfriend (they've only known each other a year but go off) in December 2018, literally on Christmas day. Now, it wasn't a secret, since he had no idea how to hide the ring, or be subtle in asking me and my siblings stuff about "what would she prefer at a wedding?" But one thing that was made clear for me and my siblings is that both of them wanted us to be a part of it.

I haven't yet gotten to how my mom's boyfriend isn't really the best, but I don't like him, but he wanted my brother to be his best man, and for my sister and I to be bride's maids. Only problem? I'm a guy.

So, I come out to my aunt first, for support because she's awesome, and I have a plan to come out to my mom, but she brings me to her house on a whim to ask about wedding dresses she wants me to wear and I can't help but feel uncomfortable. They looked nice and all, but last time I was forced to wear a dress, I spent the whole time trying to hold back a panic attack, not throw up, and avoid running into people.

So I come out very awkwardly by starting to explain what being trans is.

EM: I know what transgenders are, what does this have to do with the wedding.

Me: Well.. I am trans, and I-

EM: What?

Me: Yeah, I-

EM: So then what can you be at the wedding?

Me: What?

EM: You can't be on Jeff's (not her boyfriend's real name) side, you're my daughter!

I got pretty silent after this, because I haven't even officially come out yet, and she's just on her phone and I think the worst is about to happen, maybe me getting kicked out of the house at best, and she just shows me a whole bunch of wedding dresses and goes

EM: Well how about these?

I'm still silent, because even though she's been a bitch to me my whole life, I thought for some stupid reason she would care. Eventually I just go back home to my dad, and I tell my sister and aunt how horribly it went, and they talk to her, and actually get told by my mom that "we hadn't really talked about anything, nothing important anyway."

I have no idea how to respond. On Easter this year they made me go over to meet "future family" and all I did was hang out with my brother and his girlfriend until I could get out of there. They still include me in plans, like how they want to take a trip to Maine and Canada and Virginia or whatever to see his family, and I couldn't care less.

&#x200B;

Edit: My mom won't let me wear a suit, pants suit, or simply not be up with her at the alter, she wants me to be up there with her, right close to her, because she has it in my future step dad's family that she is close with all her children, despite the fact all three of us hardly want to be near her at any given day.

Also, I know my mother, and when I tried backing out earlier, before coming out, and before he proposed, my mom was not okay with that. She told me I had to be there, that I can't back out.

Before coming out, she had hinted that 1. If I had wanted I could wear a pants suit if a dress was worn overtop of it, and 2. that she respected trans people. She then went back on both statements on me after the fact.

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Holy shit this blew up? 

Also, this was just me VENTING. Like, I know it's my mom's wedding, and I know the timing was probably terrible, but to clarify -

Nothing about the wedding is concrete yet - the date they have in mind isn't even 100% going to be it.

She was just looking at types of dresses, nothing serious, just the types.

I came out because I thought it was safe to do so. I realize that coming out is stressful on both parties - I have come out before.

Some more context, I came out to her before, as Panromantic, and my sister as Ace. She treated us both like children, and this was years before she met "Jeff"./nAnother Subway story for you all!

Today I woman came in with her teenage daughter. I say hello and ask if I can help them. The daughter asks for the bathroom code so she can wash her hands while EM stands in line looking at her phone. More people come in, EM is still on her phone. This conversation is happening while people are lining up behind her 

Em: What's the sub of the day?

Me: Roasted Chicken. 

Em: That's not what the sign says. It says either chicken terriaki, ham, turkey, or

Me: (I cut her off) The sub if the day changes every day, since today is Tuesday it's roasted chicken. 

The daughter comes back and stands with her. 

Em: Oh, well that's really shady advertising. Whatever I'll get two six inches of that. Just keep the meat off my daughters side she's a vegetarian. 

I ask the daughter if she wants me to make her sandwich first so I don't touch meat and then her veggies. She says please and tells me what kind of bread she wants. I make it real quick and she asks about a garlic sauce we have. She ended up liking it and wanted it for her sandwich. 

Em: I want that for my sandwich too, and Chipotle, and mayo. 

Me: Okay, what kind of bread would you like?

This is where em turns into a cunt

Em: I was just about to ask what kind of bread you guys have but you apparently can't keep your mouth shut. 

At our Subway we do not have the right to refuse service so I said, "Oh... I'm sorry..."

Em: (Throws her hands up in the air) STOP WASTING MY TIME WHAT KINDS OF BREAD DO YOU HAVE

I tell her, (after she just told me to keep my mouth shut) she picks. I go put the garlic sauce on first.

EM: I changed my mind. Just the other two. ( She gets a smug smirk on her face) Get another piece of bread. 

So, I do. Then she asks about the Chipotle Steak. I tell her I am so sorry but we don't have steak at the moment. 

Em: Why is it on the board if you don't have it? This is just ridiculous, don't go promising things to people IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT 

The teen grabbed her mom's arm because by now the line was to the door and everyone was looking at her. She told her to stop

EM: NO, I AM NOT GOING TO BE LIED TO LIKE THIS

The daughter cut her off and said, "This is why I live with Dad, just take me home."

The daughter walked outside. Em looked at me, then the people behind her. She just asked for her sandwich to be wrapped up. She threw down $20 and walked out with her two sandwiches looking down. 

Good tip at least

UPDATE: She came in today alone with a big smile on her face. Ordered the sub of the day and told the manager I DIDN'T GIVE HER CHANGE SO THIS SANDWICH WAS FREE. 

lol nope. I already told my manager about her and she said any change she leaves on the counter is considered a tip.
My manager smiled and said, I've already heard from my employee, and a customer what happened yesterday, you're not getting a free sandwich. 


This is my first silver, thank you so much!/nI'm not going to insult your intelligence by explaining what EK and EM mean, but I will say Amma is my grandma and Papa is my Grandpa

&#x200B;

Also note that half my family is Italian and half isn't. On the Italian side, which the EM is from hitting other peoples kids is pretty standard, but on the other one, we will deck a bitch. So no one does it anymore.

&#x200B;

Some backstory in the situation. I was about 16 at the time and living with my grandparents. They were having a little get together, but the guests were all told to stay out of my room because I wasn't feeling well at all plus, the cat was in there, and with people going in and out of the house, we didn't want him to escape. There was even a sign on the door, it read "please do not disturb, cat inside". 

&#x200B;

Since I was sick, my body wasn't holding its temperature right, so I was in a sports bra and shorts, but my robe was right next to me. Laying back on my bed, just trying to get a little bit of homework done before I passed out again. I told my grandmother to bring some food in when it was ready, and that was that.I heard a little knock on the door. It was super light so I thought maybe it was Amma bringing me something to eat, not wanting to wake me up. I throw the robe on, and go "Yeah come in"

&#x200B;

Next thing I know its a little gremlin coming in, chocolate all over his face and hands. Of course, he walked right in and started touching the stuff, not closing the door. Luckily, I had grabbed the cat because Amma is a slow walker."Wow. Cool room" EK said and tried to pick up one of my notebooks, one that was really special to me. I took it off the table before he could get fudge on it.

&#x200B;

"I'm sorry bud but you gotta go back to your mama. You're not supposed to be in here, I'm sick"

&#x200B;

The kid ignored me, still touching the stuff. "I'm bored though and you have cool stuff. I got my shots last night!"I shake my head and point to the door. 

&#x200B;

"It's rude to go into someone's room when they say no. Please go play out there with the other kids. I'm sick" I said, firmly this time, and he whines, but leaves, slamming my door. I shake my head, and this time go to my desk, where all my really fragile art supplies are. Clearing a spot for me to eat in a couple of minutes. I start getting really hot, so I take the robe off. 

&#x200B;

Next thing I know, my door FLIES open, and I barely manage to grab my cat.The EM stood there, red-faced and fuming, "My son said you spanked him!"

&#x200B;

I didn't even TOUCH him ONCE. It should also be known that this EM is known in the family for having a habit of swatting kids if they 'step out of line' something my mom had corrected with threats more then once while I was growing up. Usually ending in her calling me spoiled. She then stopped and looked at me, gasping and covering her eyes as if shes never seen another woman not fully clothed before. "Young lady that is so indecent! There are children in this house put on clothes"

&#x200B;

I stare at her, dumbfounded, and shake my head. "Look, EM, I never hit your kid. I would NEVER do that. And I'm sick, he shouldn't be coming in here and neither should you"

&#x200B;

What followed, was her going on for about 5 minutes or so about how I was the one in the wrong and blah blah. My stomach is starting to churn a little bit from the stress (I have a stress disorder) and being sick I know I'm not going to keep it down for long.I tell her she has to leave NOW. I'm sick, the cat is scratching the shit out of my boobs at that point, being as I was 'indecent' and trying to keep him from escaping, and she had no right to be there in the first place.

&#x200B;

She grabbed me, and, as if I was like six, started trying to spank me, even managing to get my shorts down.

&#x200B;

This bitch ACTUALLY SMACKED MY ASS.

&#x200B;

So I did what most people would do. I screamed for my grandfather. "PAPA EM IS HITTING ME!" While I slam her back, her hip slams into my bed frame and I run into the hallway, slamming and holding the door closed behind me while she wails like a banshee. Now I am indecent in front of guests, but also pretty important, they can all see the like six or seven really bright red marks that are on my thighs and ass. My grandfather was never one to curse profusely but seeing his half-naked granddaughter with obvious marks from an assault standing in the hallway trying not to have a panic attack he lost it. He called her so many things I lost count. a few others came into the room, screaming at her as well. 

&#x200B;

I'm crying at that point, not because she hurt me but because I was humiliated, trying to just get back into my room and hide from the world forever.Little did I know it got worse. She started yelling, saying my grandparents spoiled me, and that I hit her kid first. By this point, her own husband was yelling "No she didn't" right in her face but she didn't care. She took my desk and floored everything on it, breaking a lot of projects I worked really hard on and all my supplies spilled EVERYWHERE all into the carpet and everything.

&#x200B;

She was quickly kicked from the house. Her son admitted to lying, but he felt really bad for what happened. He was crying, hugging me, saying he was super sorry and basically being as apologetic as a kid really gets.We never talked to her after that, accept to get the money for my stuff. She refused, but my mom told her she would file charges for sexual assault of a minor since she pulled my pants down in order to hit me. She would lose her kids if we won the case (which she did a year later anyway and they live with their much better father) so she gave me roughly 500 dollars out of court and I got to call her a bitch to her face.

&#x200B;

EDIT: fixed format! thank you for your patience and advice./nAlright to start things off I'll give you guys a little backstory, and some information that will be useful during this story. My parents divorced about two years ago, and my mother fell in love with this Korean man. Now at first I didn't like him because I'm a rebellious teen, but after a while we hung out and got along really really well. He's a really nice guy, and the only thing that would be considered bad is that he's very very religious. Now I personally don't believe in what he believes in, but I respect his beliefs as he does mine. So he is a manager at a local nail salon, you know the ones with the women with the fake names and stuff? Yeah turns out those are actually real, and the people who work there are suprisingly nice. Now I spent a months learning Korean for my step dad, as his English was baaadddd. Like he'd mix up very simple words, so he mostly spoke Korean. Now while legally I can't work at the salon because of the products they use, the physical contact, and the skills required. However I can help out after school, which is what I usually do.
One day this woman walks in (EP) with her son (EK) who appeared about ten to 11ish. This woman sits down in one of the waiting chairs. We have two sections of chairs, right beside the door so people can get in and just sit down. She plops down and pulls out her phone. Keep in mind she has this like, mega can I see the manager haircut. So I already know where this is gonna go. Even after reading alot of EP stories, this still surprised me. 

Now my stepdad asks if I can take her, and see what she wants. I smile and oblige, as I love helping out. I was sweeping at the time so I go to put the broom in the backroom. As I get back I notice the EK touching the shrine in the left corner. Now we have a sign on that shrine specifically saying that no one should touch it. This kid is just playing with it though, picking it up, shaking it and stuff. I kindly ask him to stop, as he may have not known what it was and thought it was a toy. The kid drops the shrine face first and glares at me. I rush over to see if it's ok (as its a wooden based shrine with some metal in it for decoration) it's fine thank God, but suddenly I get a tap on my shoulder. EP "Excuse me, but my son was playing with that." I kindly turn around and what do you know. This whale of a woman has her hands on her hips, giving me a death glare, visibly upset. I calmly say in my best costumer service voice " Ma'am this is not a toy, it's in fact a reli-" I was cut off. EP "I don't give a damn what it was, he was playing with it, give it back." I'm a bit flustered but I try to reason with her. Keep in mind, there's now more people sitting in the waiting chairs, and I have yet to take this woman's check in and sit her down. I once again try to reason with her, as now my stepdad is peering at the situation, and I don't want to upset him. "Ma'am please listen to me. What your child almost damaged was a religious shrine. Out of respect can you please tell him to stop?" EP was not happy At All. "DON'T TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY CHILD" She begins to swear at me, telling me that I'm a mother fucker or a bitch, or ugly. I'm used to this kind of stuff, as I go to high school, I'm used to being bullied. I ask her kindly to lower her voice, as it could disturb the focus of the employees. THIS WOMAN DOES SOMETHING IVE NEVER EVEN FATHOMED WOULD COME FROM THIS SITUATION.

Now keep in mind I have BAD acne. Like it's all over my face, so randomly one could pop open if hit hard enough. The EP slaps me across the face, claiming I was disrespectful to her and that she was gonna call the police. One of the waiting men stands up, noticing that some blood is now rushing on my face, presumably from the slap. It was just a pimple that had been popped open, but oh boy did it look bad for her. This man asks if she is aware that she just committed child abuse. EP jerks her head back and yells "WHAT ARE YOU? SOME SORT OF COP?!"
I can't describe my luck in the situation. This man would've seen like a man with his child, waiting to get her nails done like a normal civilian. He pulls a badge from his pocket, revealing that he was from the local police department, and that this woman was under arrest for Assault on a minor. EP's face goes white. After being escorted to a police car that had been called in, EK was taken home by his grandma, watching his own mother be taken away by police. I kinda feel sorry for EK, as he was just taught wrong. As EP was being driven away, I flipped her off and and smiled. I resumed work after that with the biggest of grins on my face. 
Karma is a bitch.

Edit 1: Omg thank you all for the support! I really didn't expect this to blow up!

Edit 2: Jesus Christ we hit trending! Maybe I should share more of my stories then?

Edit 3: I'm getting alot of comments over my username. I'm sorry if it offends you, it's meant to be more of a funny little thing. I'm 62% German and get called a Nazi for it all the time. So online I just kinda go with it, whatever bullets you wear can make some nice armor y'know?

Edit 4: HOLY CRAP MY FIRST SILVER! THANK YOU SO MUCH!/nI deleted my second post because after reading through it again and talking to my Mom about it, i missunderstood some information. 

But third times a charm and im still fuming about it. 

Backstory: 
I have to go back a bit for that. 
In April 2018 it was the last day we had freezing temperatures and heavy snow. 
On that day on my way home from work i had an accident with my 2006 Ford Focus. 
I crashed into a driver infront of me because i underestimated the frozen road. 
Dont worry neither me, nor the driver i crashed into were harmed in any way. 
His car had a scratch in the back bumper, while my cars front bumper broke at the side. 
Police were called, we excanged information and that was the end of it. 
So i had to bring my car to the Mechanic again and i had enough of it( i owned the car for almost 2 year and had to make serveral repairs already).
So i thought whatever and try to get a new car. 
I brought my Focus to a friend of mine, who made a little extra by repairing cars. 
A co-worker of mine gave me a ride to work until i had a new car( i paid my share for the gas). 
Now to the present. 
Around a month ago i found a new car..... finally. 
A car dealer had a deal where they would sell cars with daily admission for 10.000€ less than the original price  
After a short time thinking and some dealing with my Bank account manager im now th owner of an 2018 Ford Focus St-Line Sport Edition, completly black except for the roof and the top half of the side mirrors which were red. 
The car is great and when i bought it he only had around 15 miles. 

Sorry for the long Backstory, onto the actual encounter. 

After i bought the new car, i put my old Focus up for sale on an app called Autoscout24 where everyone can sell their cars for how much they want for it( of course depending on age, miles etc.) 

Most of the damages where fixed, me and my SO cleaned it inside and outside, but i knew i wouldnt get much for it. 
So i put the base price at 350€ with the option to bargaining. 

In my first post i told you that i live in the oldtown of my home city. 
So in order to not occupie parking spaces and to avoid parking tickets, i parked my car at my grandmas place in the driveway. 
Her house is on the country side so it wont bother anyone and i could take good pictures for the ad. 

2 days ago while i was at work i got a call from an unknown number. The guy left a message that he wanted to take a look at the car. 
I called him back, told him where the car was and that we could meet there after my shift was finished. He agreed. 

After im done with my shift i drove immediatly to my grandmas place to wait for him. 

Cast: 
ED: entitled Dad
ES: entitled Son(around 17-18)
Me: Master of Disaster 
GM: Grandma 


Me and ED agreed on meeting 15:30.
I was there early, parked next to my old Focus, went inside to tell my Grandma i sell  theand car today and checked if everthing was still alright. 

ED and ES arrive half an hour later than agreed, explaining the place was hard to find. 
I shrug it off because i could tell they werent from around here. 

So me and ED take a look around the car, i explain everthing to him( fixed damages etc) he asks me about how many miles, hp etc the usual stuff. 

While i talk with ED i notice that ES wasnt paying any attention. The car was supposed for ES according to ED. 
ES rather likes to take a look at my new Focus instead. 

ES: "Damn thats a nice ride!" 

Me: "Thanks!" 

ES: "Can i take a ride??" 

Now im very picky if its about my new car, but who wouldnt and btw i had a feeling he didnt had his Drivers License for very long. 

Me: "Sry not happening i just got the car a few weeks ago." 

ED: "Come on let the boy have a little fun." 

Me: "Sry still not happening and btw we were talking about my 2006 Focus not my new one." 

ES: "But i like this car! " 

ED: "You heard him he likes this one, so how about you sell us this one instead?" 

Me: "Yeah right and how much would you pay me anyway??"

ED: "Well the ad said 350€."

Me: "Yes for the 2006 Ford Focus." 

ED: "Fine i give you 3000€ for the new one." 

Me: "Are you serious?? I paid 30.000€ for that car!!" (30.000€ was the original price but with the deal i got it for 20.000€)

ED: "Well you drove the car for a while and thats a price drop!" 

Me: "Sorry this is leading nowhere, we  are done!" 

I turn to my car, pull the key out of my pokets and just wanted to go home. 

ES: "Dad i want the car!!" 

ED grabs me by the arm: "You heard him hand over the Keys!!" 

Now im a little heavy build, but im still strong enough to fight if i have to. 

Me: "I said no and i would recommend you let me go now!" 

While my eyes were starrimg at ED, ES snatched the keys from my hand, unlocked the car and jumped in. 

I immediatly freed myself from ED and ran to the drivers door of my car. 

The little bastard locked the door so i couldnt get inside. 

So i did the only thing i could and stood behind my car to prevent him from leaving( he could only back out of the driveway).

Me: "Tell your kid to get out of the car before i call the police." 

In the commotion my Grandma came outside. 

GM: "Whats going on??" 

Me: "Grandma go inside and call the Police they try to steal my-"

I couldnt finish my sentence because ED shoved me aside so ES could drive away. 

Well he suprised me, i hit the ground hard and they drove off in my car...
..while leaving their car behind. 

I immediatly grabbed my phone and called the Police. 

As i mentioned in the Backstory my new Focus was completly Black except for the Roof and the top of the side mirrors which were red, which means that car stood out amoung the most which are around our home city. 

It took the police 10 minutes to arrive. 

One of the Officers took my and my gramdmas statement while the other one radiod his collueges from the neighbouring towns the discription and license plate of my car. 

About an hour later ED and ES came back to the house with my car. 

The two Policemen jumped them at sight, pulled them out of the car and cuffed them. 

ED tried to talk him and his son out of the situation by telling the Police they only did a "test drive".

The Police had none of their bs and escortet them away.

They asked me if i wanted to press charges and i agreed. 

More importantly i checked my car for damages. 

It had around 20 mile more than before and i found ash and cigarette buns and my backseat. 

I still have to wait for a court date and if possible i keep you updated. 

P. s. :Their car was later picked up by the of Wife of ED, who told me she is sorry for their behavior.

Edit1: Kind Stranger thank you for the silver!!!

Edit2: Another silver and gold!!! Really really big thank you!!!

Edit3: Platinum 2 Gold and 4 Silver a really big thank you for the awards!!!

Little update: 
I have an appointment with my laywer this Thursday i keep you updated!!

Little updat no 2:
Sry for not replying sooner!! 
Im going to court next week on wednesday and depanding on how it turns out it either will be another update or a new post thanks for your patiance everyone!

Update 3: sry for the late update!!! 
Now ive been with my laywer and we are going to court. 
I finally got a letter from the court and they have set the date for mid September if something happens i will post the story, but if nothing special happens i will post another update here. 
Ps: i have another EP story i will post soon (has nothing to do with this one.)/nThis is an old story and it happened 2 years ago. It was my day off at work and I decided to hang out at an internet cafe to relax. 

Now our internet cafe’s have rules where students can’t play after 1PM since they have class. They do this to avoid having students skip class. I log in to a PC at 12:45 and I started playing CS:GO. 

After some 15 minutes a feel a tap on my shoulder and I see this guy standing behind me. I remove my headset and this is the conversation that follows. 

Me: Hi, can I help you? 

ED: Yes, you need to log out. It’s 1PM. 

Me: No, I paid for an hour. 

ED: It’s 1PM! 

Me: And? 

ED: You need to go back to school! 

Me: Oh (i chuckle realizing his mistake) I already graduated last March.

ED: I don’t believe you! I saw you last Semester! 

Me: Yes....the same semester I graduated. 

ED: Stop lying. If you don’t get off then I’m reporting you to your College Dean.

Me: I’m not lying. Go report me if you want. 

ED: Give me your ID! 

Me: Ok...

-I pull out my work ID and show it to him- 

His face turns red. He then turns his attention to the guy next to me (turns out it was his son who I was playing with) “Son, lets go.” 

The son stands up with an ashamed face and says He’s sorry as he was leaving. 

After they leave I turn to face the Administrator (who knew me) and we shared a laugh. 

That was the last time I went inside an internet cafe.

Edit: want

And thanks for the gold!/nSo I’m on mobile. English is my first language.

Thank you mysterious stranger for the gold!

Context:I’m at one of the best restaurants in a city in the uk and I ordered a burger (details:the burgers meat was from France and was fresh it had onion rings wrapped around the bun and the bun was a fresh brioche) I also ordered the last one as the restaurant had ran out of some of the ingredients for another one.

Cast-
EM Entitled Mother
NK Nice Kid
ME Mechanical Elephant(me is only here for comedy as people will make jokes in the comments)
W Waiter

EM and NK enter the restaurant and hey sit down and order 

NK:Can I have -insert burger name here- please

EM:And can I have -insert food name here- please

W:Yes

W comes back

W:I’m sorry but we don’t have enough ingredients to make another -insert burger name here- would you like something else? *gives NK a menu*

NK:Sure *looks in menu for about a minute* can I ha...

EM:Why can’t you just make another one?

W:I’m sorry ma’m it’s because we don’t have enough ingredients.

EM:so why can’t you make one?

W:missI’ve already said it’s because we...

*my burger comes*

EM: wait how does he have -insert burger name here-?

W:because he order the last one.

EM:no you are lying and you are just hiding the burgers from me 

NK:Mom stop it’s ok I can just have a....

EM:No we are getting you that burger

EM:give us his burger

W:I’m sorry but I can’t give you his burger

EM:why not?

W:because it’s his burger, he ordered it before you

EM:JUST GIVE US HIS BURGER, ITS NOT THAT HARD!

NK:Mom I can just order something else stop!

EM:YOUR SERVICE IS TERRIBLE WE ARE LEAVING!

They left and the story is over

Moral of the story: order something else when your in the range of a EP

Also I hope rSlash reads his story

TL:DR EM goes insane over a burger 

[picture of burger here](https://images.app.goo.gl/DAfG2zCwkKkXAUMK9)/nI made this acc just because I was so **frustrated** with what happened today that I needed to write it down so I won't explode. WARNING: It's a long one.

&#x200B;

Today I didn't have school so I decided since it was a pretty sunny day where I live to take my little dog, a 6 months old king charles cavalier, for a walk.

*My dog's name is Lily btw.*

Everything go well at first, I'm just walking around in my neighborhood, looking at how adorable my puppy is as she walks in front of me and smells everything. At some point, I walk past a coffee shop (my parents and I visit this coffee shop very often, so the staff that work there know me personally and I can safely say we have a very friendly relationship), and there is a mother (our future EP) sitting on the outside tables of the coffee shop with with her child that was about 9-10 years old. I would normally just walk past her, but her child got excited seeing my dog and started screaming that she wants to pet it.

So I just smile and lower myself to stand beside Lily as the little girl comes over to pet it. The first few seconds are going great, the little girl pets her head gently and asks me about my dog's gender, how old she is and etc. Then out of the blue, she starts pulling my dog's ears roughly and Lily starts whimpering.

Me : (takes kids hands off my dog's ears as softly as possible) She doesn't like that sweetheart, it hurts her ears.

EP : (stands up from her chair aggresively, surprising both me and her child) Excuse me. Did you just touch my kid?

Me : I'm sorry if that bothered you. She just pulled my dog's ears and I pulled her hands away to make her stop doing it, it won't happen again.

EP : So? It's a dog, she is an amazing girl and an excellent student, let her play however she wants.

Me : Uh, no. It's MY dog and I don't want your daughter to hurt her.

At that point she started getting pissed and pulled her child beside her, so I stood up as well and took Lily in my arms.

Kid : Mommy I want the dog.

EP: \*whispers something in her kid's ear that I didn't hear but it mad her kid smile widely.\*

EP : Let the dog down this instant and let \*daughter's name\* play.

I look at her, shocked from the way she talks to me, but I still have a hope so I simple say :

Me : No.

**And OH BOI, HERE WE GO.**

EP : WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE? MY DAUGHTER WANTS TO PET THE DOG, GIVE THE DOG TO HER NOW!

Me : (I don't know how, but still somehow calm) I'm the owner of the dog and I don't want to to do that.

I try to walk past her but she blocks my way with hter body.

EP : MY DAUGHTER WANTS THE DOG. I TRIED TO BE POLITE BUT YOU ARE SO RUDE AND TERRIBLE! GIVE THE DOG TO ME!

And she SERIOUSLY pushed me and tried to take Lily away from my arms. I somehow managed to step back on time and not lose my balance.

The Coffee shop manager that is also a friend of mine appears and seperates us, since we were practically shouting at this point.

Coffee manager : Is there a problem here?

EP : Yes there is! This girl has taken OUR DOG AWAY FROM MY DAUGHTER'S ARMS AND REFUSE TO GIVE IT BACK.

....

**She claimed MY dog as HERS.**

I was so stunned that I couldn't even move my mouth to defend myself.

Coffee shop manager : (points at lily) You are talking about this dog?

EP : Yes.

Coffe shop manager : I'm sorry ma'am but I happen to know for a fact that this is her dog not yours.

EP : NO! IT'S OUR DOG. MY DAUGHTER WANTS IT!

Coffee shop manager : No it's not and I don't care if she does. I'm going to politely ask you to leave now.

&#x200B;

She hissed some offensive words, made a little more of a scene and then started gathering her things. I just went inside to drink a little water cause I was shook.

Before they leave I heard the little brat saying something among the lines of "BUT YOU SAID THIS WOULD WORK! YOU SAID I COULD HAVE THE DOG AND TAKE IT HOME!"

&#x200B;

I never believed that people like this actually exist.

This bitch literally tried to steal my dog.

I'm still shocked and my face is red like a bloody tomato.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

UPDATE : I contacted the police with video proof of what happened, appearantly this isn't the first time that someone complained about her attempting theft. Plot twist is, her husband is a policeman as well and he always asks from her victims to not "make a bigger deal because his wife has depe problems."

Poor man.

&#x200B;/nI'm an optician.

Cast: EM- mom, NK- nice kid, T- Vision Tech, FD- Front Desk receptionist

I'm mostly watching in the sidelines for this one but I figured ya'll would appreciate the story anyway.

EM and NK come in and check in. They were a smidge early for their appointment (15 mins or so) and after they checked in they sat down. NK was quietly playing something on an ipad.

For those of you unfamiliar with waiting rooms, most have TVs where they play something for the patients to watch. For us it's nature shows so there doesn't need to be sound, just pretty fish swimming around. EM for the most part is watching the TV, totally enamored at the sharks. Soon enough 15 minutes pass by and EM gets called.

T: EM? EM last name?

EM: \*keeps watching tv\*

T and I make eye contact and I nudge towards EM. T shrugs and calls her name again then retreats.

5 minutes later T tries again, and this time NK pokes his mom and whispers to her. EM shushes the kid and continues watching tv. T retreats again and tries another 5 minutes later, this time walking up to her.

T: Excuse me ma'am, are you EM?

EM: \*annoyed\* Yes, what do you want??

T: We're ready for you to come back for NK's appointment.

EM: Can't you see we're busy? Come back later.

T: Ma'am your appointment was booked 15 minutes ago.

EM: It's not MY appointment, it's my son's.

NK: It's okay mommy I can go myself.

EM: Nonsense we want to watch the fishies!

T: Ma'am we have the same show in the waiting room-

EM: LEAVE US ALONE I WILL TELL YOU WHEN WE ARE READY.

T: That's not how appointments work-

EM: I DON'T CARE. I will stay here and watch my show.

T and I make eye contact again and I shrug and go back to writing emails. T sighs and makes her way to the back of the office, probably to ask the office manager what to do.

10 minutes later, T comes out and talks with her again.

T: Ma'am if your son doesn't come in for his appointment you will need to reschedule. This show is always on, and you won't miss anything.

EM: \*ignoring T\* LOOK NK DOLPHINS!

T: Ma'am I-

EM: OOOOOOOH. WOW LOOK AT THAT SPLASH!

T: Your appointment-

EM: WOW NK LOOK AT THAT!

T: Okay.

T walks out and other patients get called. Now this lady literally kept watching the 2 hour special and finally, after the credits rolled, she walks up to the desk. At this point I had gone to lunch and came back and she was still there.

EM: Okay we're ready now.

FD: Sorry, for what?

EM: NK's appointment!

FD: Ma'am you were checked in over 2 hours ago, your appointment is already finished.

EM: That's ridiculous, we never went back.

FD: T called you 5 times, well past your appointment time-

EM: Well WE were watching the fishes on your TV!

FD: I understand that ma'am but your appoint was at 10AM, it's now noon. You will have to reschedule.

EM: That's crap we've been here waiting! It's not MY fault that you had a good show on.

FD: Ma'am as much as we appreciate feedback on the shows we have in the waiting rooms, you missed your appointment. I might be able to squeeze you in for a 3PM if you're able to come back.

EM: NO WE WILL BE SEEN NOW!

NK: Mommy, the lady told you-

EM: BE QUIET NK. The grown ups are talking.

FD: I'm sorry ma'am other than rescheduling you, the doctor will not be able to see you today.

EM: We were watching the show!

FD: I understand but you missed your appointment so we will need to reschedule you.

EM: IT'S NOT FOR ME, IT'S FOR HIM! \*jabbing her finger at the little boy\*

FD: Then we will have to reschedule him for his eye appointment.

EM: YOU PEOPLE ARE RIDICULOUS IF YOU DON'T WANT PEOPLE WATCHING TV DON'T HAVE THEM ON!

FD: I apologize for having entertainment in the waiting room, can I reschedule you for the next available appointment?

EM turned bright red and threw her hands up in the air and stormed off - without her kid. The poor kid stood there for a few moments before running after his mom.

I went over and congratulated FD for her unyielding patience./nWith all the menstruation posts that have been going up I thought it would be good to share my story of an EP in regards to the evolution of the human body.

In Year 6 (I was 11 at the time) we did sexual education. This was full on sex-ed with highly detailed cartoons of the 'private parts', so consent forms were sent home to every parent (via their kid) to sign and give back to the school. Everyone who hadn't returned their forms would spend the lessons in the library. Which is where this one kid, we will call him IK (Immature Kid) spent many lessons.

A few lessons in we were learning about ejaculations (just what they were, not how to do it) and we were viewing a GIF of a \[cartoon\] ejaculating penis. Being boys we were immature little shits and giggled a lot. Then we hear a scream from outside our class window. IK is standing there, looking like the subject in Edvard Munch's *The Scream*. He then proceeds to run out of our FOV, to the office according to people doing sports outside. We didn't see IK for the rest of the day.

*The next day*

Word of mouth is that IK's mum (our EP) walked into the principal's office and threatened to sue him for showing little children 'these things'. At lunch I go to Principal's (P's) office and ask what happened. P said that consent forms were sent home with every kid, and that as everyone participating in the program had consent to view the images, and that since IK had not brought back the consent form he could not participate. P then asks how IK knew what was happening in the lessons when he should have been in the library. EP defended IK, saying he was 'curious, all boys are at this age' and then changed the subject to threatening to sue the school for doing sex ed. P told her that it was legal, look it up and you'll find many schools include it as part of their course (I don't think it's officially in the Australian Curriculum). EP threatened to sue, P said that it would fall on deaf ears and EP walked out.

IK was later transferred to a different school. And that's the last I heard of him.

Or so I thought.

&#x200B;

Edit: For those who question me getting the info from P just like that, I'll give some backstory. P and I were good friends (as a result of me being friends with his nephew) and I had given the school a bit of recognition in academics, so we were on good terms. When I walked into P's office (after he said come in) I had asked what IK's mum had talked about. He said, "Um I don't think it concerns you..." Me: "IK wasn't here after our sex ed lesson and people know that EP came in and said you were showing kids inappropriate stuff. Just want to know what's up with that". P: "Okay doke here's what happened" and he tells me the whole story./nNot my story, but I mentioned this subreddit to my girlfriend and she told me this story and thought it would go perfectly here. I've talked about it in posts on other subreddits, but she's a c4/5 quadriplegic due to a diving accident last year and can't move anything below her shoulders. She goes to a weekly physical therapy appointment at a clinic to try to stimulate recovery, which is where this goes down. 

She and her parents get there a little early and they're inside talking to the doctor while she's using the voice-control software on her phone to check messages. The door to the clinic slams and out walks EM and her son, a teenager wearing a Letterman jacket with his arm in a sling, apparently after he had a PT session. 

Cast:

GF: Star of this sordid tale

EM: Duh

IK: Injured kid. Actually seemed super-chill?

So EM comes in hauling a big bag of something for her son, along with her purse. They plunk everything down only feet away from where GF has parked her chair - she says the room was near empty - and EM begins loudly fiddling around with the large bag. She drops her purse several times, then turns around to where GF is minding her own business.

EM: Here. Hold this for me a minute. 

Without waiting for a response, she just DROPS the purse into GF's lap and turns away before she can react. She can't move her arms to sweep the bag away, and she says she was in shock at the moment. 

GF: Um, excuse me? You can't just put your bag in my lap. 

EM: Oh, I'll just be a minute. 

GF: It doesn't matter. Just because I'm in a wheelchair doesn't mean you can just drop objects on me. You wouldn't do it to a random person sitting in a chair, would you?

EM: Look, don't get politically correct with me. My son is disabled too. 

IK: Mom, I'm not disabled. I just dislocated my shoulder. Give me the bag, I'll hold it. 

EM: NO! You're injured! It's fine where it is. She's not doing anything. 

GF: It doesn't matter what I'm doing! Look, take your bag or I'll get my parents over here!

EM: FINE. I'm done. Was that so hard? (smirks as she picks up her bag) I bet it felt good to be useful, didn't it?

They walk out as IK briefly turns back and mouths "Sorry" as they leave. 

GF wants it known that she has never been so frustrated with her paralysis as when it kept her from slapping EM right in her smug face./nBoy, do I have a good one for you guys tonight. This just happened about an hour or 2 ago

Lets meet the cast.

&#x200B;

Me...you know who I am!!

REW: Rabid Erratic Wench/Rude Entitled Woman

QK: Quiet Kid, he didnt say anything so hes not a part of this story but he was there

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

So I was at home just doing laundry and washing some dishes when I hear the bell go off and I proceed to dry my hands to go down and answer the door(I live on the top floor and I actually have to walk down 2 sets of stairs, one in my place and one in the main lobby where there is another neighbour living right next door to me). Anyway, lets continue, as I'm drying my hands, the bell happens to go off 2 more times, I basically had to rush down while trying to put on some sweatpants, I had pyjama shorts on but I dont like answering the door in my shorts, so yeah. I finally get down to the door and as I'm opening it, there is this woman with the most angry scowl on her face and her son behind her(looked about 15), and she pushes the door a little too hard which then slams into my foot and I let out a natural ''ouch!!''....You know what, heres how the conversation went:

&#x200B;

(Right after the door slams into my foot and I yell ouch)

REW: Oh stop being a child, I didn't even touch you!!!!

Me: But you pushed the door into my foot as I was still opening it, have some patience

REW: \*sighs and scowls\* Anyway where the fuck is Vanessa?

Me: Vanessa? There is no Vanessa that lives he- (she cuts me off)

REW: DONT LIE, I KNOW VANESSA LIVES HERE, NOW PLEASE GO AND GET HER FOR ME

Me: Are you sure you have the right address, theres only me and my bf in one flat and the neighbour, lets call her Maggie, in the next one. Try up the street a bit

REW: LOOK I DONT CARE WHO THE FUCK LIVES HERE, BUT JUST GET VANESSA NOW OR ILL HAVE YOU THROWN OUT OF THIS BUILDING, I KNOW THE LANDLADY!!!!

&#x200B;

She tries to push me out of the way and make her way inside of my building. Keep in mind that I am 5 ft 2 so I am a very small woman and I have no upper body strength or overall strength, she was pretty strong so it was a bit of a challenge to keep her from barging in, she then succeeds in getting inside while dragging her son behind her and walks upstairs and basically just barges into my apartment. My boyfriend saw the whole commotion and was confused so I was explaining it to him while this bitch was still looking around for this so called Vanessa who supposedly lives her. And we finally managed to talk her down after we threatened to call the police(my boyfriend had the police on speed dial, ready to go) ...she suddenly had this look of fear on her face as soon as the police were mentioned, we asked her what address she was looking for and it didn't manage the address on my door, and we basically had to let her see one of our letters that had the address on it as she was demanding to see it or she said she wasn't going to leave, so i basically got annoyed at this point and I fetched a letter to show her. She sees me coming back with letter in hand and tried to grab it from me but I pulled my hand back and I said ''NO, this is how its gonna go, I'll show you the letter to prove that you have the wrong address and then you'll be on your fucking way, lady'' ...she literally gives me this highly offended look as if I had just killed her freaking cat. But she had it coming, so anyway, I showed her and she went red in the face, started stuttering and trying to apologise but I just didn't care at that point so I told her to shove her apologize, I also told her that the numbers of the address were on the front door downstairs which she must have missed, she just wanted to leave so I let her, but I followed her downstairs to show her the numbers on the door. I said ''So you see, maybe you need to go back to school and learn to read next time'' Then I told her a few choice words which Im going to keep discreet and I told her that if she ever pulled a stunt like that again I will notify the police, She then scattered off into the distance./nSo this encounter with the wild beast wasn't mine but my mom's ( my mom is a teacher there). She didn't interact with her but she did witness it.

Cast:

EM: The wild beast

Kid: the poor fighter that had the encounter with the beast

SM: Staff menber.

The Kid is about 12/13 years old in this story, and so is her son.

Now onto the story.

So aparently during arts and crafts class ( yes we do have arts and crafts classes here until we are in high school), the Kid got hot glue in the EM's kid clothes. Because he is nothing like his mom, he simply said it was okay and kept going on with his day.

At the end of the day, the EM comes to pick her son up at the front gate of the school and that is when her kid breaks the news to her. She turns bright red and storms out of the car, screaming banshee:

"I DEMAND TO KNOW WHERE KID IS!!!"

She goes into the hangout area and, unfortunetelly for him, he was just playing a card game with his classmates, while waiting for the bus. The EM stomps over to him and the following conversation went like this:

EM: " YOU SON OF A BITCH,HOW DARE YOU GET HOT GLUE IN MY SONS CLOTHES.

\*procedes to slap the Kid, HARD\*

EM: " YOU ARE GOING TO PAY FOR HIS CLOTHES, AND YOU DESERVED THE SAME HAPPENED TO YOU FOR YOU TO LEARN A GOOD LESSON."

At this point the Kid is dumbfounded looking at the EM, and as my mom was about to intervene, SM comes up first:

SM: Excuse me ma'am, you can't storm in here like this, and do that to one of the studen-

EM: \*puts her finger in SM's face\* DON'T YOU DARE TALK TO ME LIKE THAT, HE DID THAT TO MY LITTLE PRECIOUS ANGEL AND NOW HE GOT WHAT HE DESERVED."

At this point more kids have gathered around, and all of them were looking daggers at the EM, because both the SM and the Kid are really good people and most students love them.

At this point the EM has a group of 12-14 year old students looking at her ready to snap at any second if she decides to do any more harm to anyone, so she just leaves to go back to her car.

The Kid's parents were called and they went to the police, and at the moment, everyone is getting questioned, but if anything more happens I will keep you guys posted.

&#x200B;

Just wanted to say thank you for the upvotes and the silver! :D/nhttps://youtu.be/u6lg6pKhkk8

Like the title says, this dad is so against the idea of his daughter being a lesbian AND already happily married to the WOMAN she loves for nearly ten years, this dad is trying to get her to dump her wife and become straight, and has spent years of ads offering millions to any man willing to try and make his daughter straight and fall in love with them and get her to dump her wife and marry the wooer instead.

He keeps raising the offer, ignoring her demands to stop it, and the offer has reached up to $180,000,000 now and probably still growing.

Edit: How many out there did a doubletake when they saw the amount this dad is offering?/nSo this isn't a story about an EM that I just happen to run into and had to deal with.....

**This EM is MY MOM.**

&#x200B;

TLDR at the end.

&#x200B;

***Back Story:***

So this happened last year around May. I was at a town festival/carnival with my children (6&7 y/o at the time). My brother and my mother don't get along well. As they both think they are better than everyone else and are **never** wrong.

Since he turned 15 they have been at each other's throats.

&#x200B;

***At The Carnival:***

I am wondering around the carnival with my children and their father, when my phone starts going off over and over. When I answer I hear my brother on the other line crying and begging to come stay with me. I tell him where I am and that the only way he can come stay with me, is if it is alright with our mother. (As she has pulled some outrageous...stuff in the past). He goes on to tell me that she has been drinking and had busted the door to his room trying to get to him. I don't know how much of this to believe, as he is a bit dramatic and tends to embellish stories. I get a call while on the phone with him. It is my mother and before I an answer, it goes to voicemail.

&#x200B;

So after I calm him a bit, I agree to hang up with him and call mother to see if I can calm the situation a little for both of them and to get her side of the story (the truth is usually somewhere in between their two stories).

&#x200B;

I go ahead and hang up and check my voicemail.

*(EM is my mom)*

The voicemail is her yelling into the phone...

>**EM:** Listen here young lady! You **BETTER NOT** be even thinking about coming to get him! I will call the police and saythat you kidnapped him or that you are aiding and abedding a run away! And you will ***go to jail!*** **DON'T TEST ME**!

&#x200B;

As I stand there a little shocked, I decided to call my mother and explain that I told him no, and that I would only come get him if she was completely okay with it. (He may be my bother but he isn't my child.)

&#x200B;

The phone call goes something like this (I was blindingly angry through a lot of it, so the details are a little fuzzy, I apologize.)

&#x200B;

>ME: Hey momma, sorry if he or I gave you the wrong idea. I told him I wouldn't come get him unless...  
>  
>EM: (Cutting me off) Unless I am drinking?! Or he *WaNtS tO RuN AwAy*!?  
>  
>ME: No. I told him I wouldn't come get him unless you were okay with it.  
>  
>EM: Oh I'm *SuRe* that's what you said. Well I won't have to worry about it because I have already called the cops and ntold them about your plan to kidnap him.  
>  
>ME: MOM!! I AM AT A CARNIVAL WITH MY CHILDREN. YOUR GRANDCHILDREN!! I AM NOT COMING TO GET"KIDNAP" HIM!! WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU?!!  
>  
>EM: You will be arrested for this and then you will both learn who is in charge here!!!

&#x200B;

At that point I angrily hang up the phone.

Since we are at a town wide event, there are police officers out and about keeping the peace.

So I go up to one of the officers that I know (he was my science teacher in high-school and now is a deputy) and ask him to please  verify that I am at the carnival, in a public place, and have no intentions of kidnapping anyone.

&#x200B;

He looks confused, so I tell him my side of the story. He chuckled and agreed to stay with me to verify my whereabouts and intentions.

&#x200B;

Turned out she DID call the cops but they came to HER house. Since she technically had NO REASON to call them, she was disorderly, and she AND my 15 year old brother were drunk...she was arrested.

&#x200B;

She had the audacity to call me from the jail house and ask me to bail her out!

I just said, "No, you might consider it a kidnapping. I can't take that chance, sorry!"

&#x200B;

I hope you enjoyed this post, it still angers me to this day if I think about it. My mother went to AA and is doing much better though.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Mother called the cop on her daughter for trying to "kidnap" the daughter's younger brother. While the daughter was NO WHERE NEAR her or her son. In the end she is arrested and I get my petty revenge. (So I guess it could go there as well lol)

&#x200B;/nAllright, so before we start, I first have to say that im [Fat](https://imgur.com/TSdKktJ), not morbidly obeese, but fat.  

(Also, Im german, so excuse my poor grammer)

&#x200B;

And well, about a month ago I joined a gym to  and I've since been riding my bike there everyday, and working my butt off for atleast 2 hours every day to change that.

   
Allright, lets start with the story:

&#x200B;

**1 week ago**

&#x200B;

I was in the Lobby of the Gym at the vending machine to get a bottle of water, since I just noticed I forgot to bring my own, when I notice an EM (Not the ususal Karen look, suprisingly) with her daughter screaming at the receptionist/front desk guy.

&#x200B;

I didn't hear the whole conversation, but I could make out that the mom wanted her daughter to join the gym but the front desk guy told her that its full, to what she responded to by screaming at him, I don't remember everything she said to him, but I do remember her saying something racist about him (hes Indian, we're in Germany).

&#x200B;

And while shes mid rant, saying some bullshit about getting him fired, and him trying his darndest to somehow get her daughter in, she turns around, and notices me.

 

What she says sorta sticked with me:

"Why dont you just kick out that fatass, (Her daughter was at least 2x my weight, but I didn't say anything about that cause I thought "Hey, atleast shes trying to change that") cause he's probably just here to stare at girls butts and does nothing, and put my daughter in instead of him"

&#x200B;

I didn't react, and just went in the changing room to change to sports clothes, having completely forgotten my water. 

The front desk guy later appologized to me for her rant, but I didn't mind, and said that im sorry for having to suffer the wrath of an EM (not litteraly, he doesn't have reddit)

&#x200B;

**The next day/6 days ago**

&#x200B;

I went in for another day of exercise, when who do I see lounging on the couch of the lobby? The daughter, who from now on I'll call "ED"

&#x200B;

Now I didn't say anything to her, and tried (Somehow succesfully) to evade her for the rest of the day, I later asked Front desk guy how she got in, and learnd that EM had called the manager, and after pestering and bullying him for a couple **HOURS** he managed to terminate the contract of a guy who hadn't come in in 7 months (He did ask him first) and put her in.

&#x200B;

**Today**

&#x200B;

Here comes the part you probably clicked this story for, and the thing that made me post this on reddit in the first place.

I had just finished training for today, and decided, hey, I'd weigh myself to see my progress, and low and behold, I had lost 3 and a half KG, I let out a semi silent "YES" and did a little Victory dance thing, which ED saw, and she procceded to Say:  
"Hey fatass, why did you lost weight while I didn't"?

I just replied "I don't know"

That was a lie, I did know why:

She had come 3 times, which if she did anything, wouldn't have been a problem, but she didn't

The only thing she had done in those 3 days was lift a 1 kilo dumbell 3 times, 1 time everyday, which she deemed as "enough" and spent the rest of those 3 days sitting on a couch, being on her phone, and hit on pretty much any resonable looking guy (very unsuceesfully), Borderline sexually assault every guy she deemed "cute" (slap them on the ass, grope them, and say shed love to "Milk them dry", which made alot of guys **VERY** uncomftorbal, \[rightfully so\]) and eat several bags of chips during each visit (Where does she even get them from?).

I didn't say that, of course, since I was scared of being flatted.

But that did make me realize one thing, when the mother tried to insult me, she didn't describe me, but her own daughter./nThis happened a week ago and I’ve just gotten over the shock and finished giving my company statements.

I work part time in a chocolate shop and we give out samples to customers. On this particular day the sample contained a hazelnut praline. Here in the UK there has been a massive rise in allergen awareness so we’re all very well trained in advising customers. I am working on my own in the store on a very quiet day.

Cast:

EM - Entitled Mother

AS - Annoying Son (about 4 years old)

Me - Dabbles-in-Irony

**EM and AS walk into my store.**

Me: “Hi, can I offer you a chocolate? It’s a praline so it contains hazelnuts and milk”

EM: \*takes chocolate\* “I’ll have one but my son is allergic to nuts. Is there anything he can try?”

Now, even though it’s not company policy my store keeps an open box of plain dark chocolate to give to people with allergies because we like to be nice.

Me: “I do have to warn you that everything may contain traces of nuts but I do have some chocolate he could try with no nuts in the recipe if you agree”

She agrees and I get the chocolate out. So far so good, she actually comes across as quite nice.

He greedily grabs two chocolates and she picks one up as well, I internally roll my eyes but keep a smile on my face. He immediately spits it out and she starts to complain.

EM: “what is this? This is boring and flavourless and disgusting”

Me: “it’s just our dark chocolate, it’s the safest for people with allergies to eat”

EM: “well I got a fancy chocolate and my son who loves chocolate got something with no flavour. It’s like you’re punishing him for having allergies. Give him something nicer to try or I won’t buy anything from this company ever again. I spend a lot of money in this company and you don’t want to upset me”

He’s screaming and jumping around over at our wall of chocolates and because he is young and can’t read he picks up a bar that contains nuts.

AS: “WANT THIS. WANT THIS. WANT THIS”

EM: “LET HIM TRY THIS”

Me: “Miss, I’m not allowed to open packets to let people try a chocolate and also-“

She cuts me off as I go to explain about the nuts.

EM: “If you don’t open it, then I will”

She rips the packet out of the boys hands, he has been screaming the whole time and this just makes it worse. I panic.

Me: “MISS IT HAS NUTS IN IT!”

EM: “HOW DARE YOU SHOUT AT ME! YOU’RE JUST SAYING THAT SO I DON’T OPEN IT!”

She opens the packet, you can literally smell the praline as she does but she breaks off a large chunk of chocolate and shoves it into the boys mouth as he screams and cries. The moment he tastes it he stops screaming and starts happily chomping the chocolate and she instantly appears to calm down. Her voice changes back to how she was when she came in, if a little more patronising.

EM: “see, that wasn’t so hard, I’ll buy this because he likes it, even though you lied about it having nuts”

I have never seen an anaphylactic shock before and I thought it always happened instantly so when he didn’t swell up straight away I assumed she had been lying to get a different chocolate. EM clips AS into his buggy and then comes to the till to pay and takes a moment rummaging in her bag to find her purse. I realise the store has gone VERY quiet and immediately look at the buggy thinking he must have fallen asleep. The boys face is very red and beginning to swell a little. He looks super disorientated and can’t make proper sounds as his throat swells. I realise this is the beginning of an allergic reaction. EM turns and screams. Thankfully I work in a shopping mall so I hit our button that alerts emergency services to the store. In my panic I just start yelling.

Me: “DO YOU HAVE AN EPI-PEN?”

EM is clearly in shock and just starts making this high pitched whimpering noise and nods while pointing under the buggy. I stick my head out of our store door and yell for the responders. I’m pretty much in tears at this point. Thankfully the mall responders arrive and take over. They are first aid trained and get the epi-pen. They also call 999. They administer the medicine and have AS laying flat until an ambulance can arrive. EM is clutching my arm the whole time. I nearly feel sorry for this woman until I remember this is her fault. The ambulance arrives and takes AS and EM away. I called my manger and she let me close the store until my co-worker arrives and I start giving statements to everyone: my company, the mall, the police (who also turned up with the ambulance). I got the rest of the day and the next day off.

Thankfully AS recovered so there is a happy ending./nEDIT: Thanks for the gold and silver and all of your support! 

So I'm in college and I (F) live in an apartment with three frat bros. My bestfriend (F) used to live with us but graduated last year. She was replaced by our new roommate, the fratiest, most entitled, dipshit to ever exist. We needed a 4th and he's in my other roommates' frat so I just said sure. Now I'm a pretty independent girl. I've had my share of issues, depression, OCD but I work out a ton, I keep my shit together, cook, clean, and I'm generally a pretty good roommate. I stress bake so whenever we have exams and stuff, cookies and brownies and cakes for all my friends including roommates and never a pan of mine gets left in the sink. You get the jist, basically, I'm amazing and he's the worst. 

ANYWAY, I had a concussion right at the beginning of the semester when he first started living with us. Super bad headache, nausea, and most importantly, memory loss. Like EXTREME memory troubles. I was just living moment to moment and not forming anything new as a long lasting memory. Again, I'm high functioning, I'd set alarms for myself to do things, write everything down as it happened, and took pictures of things. But I started noticing that I was leaving dishes in the sink, not flushing the toilet, I even found vomit splatter around the toilet one day. I was writing down that I'd found them but I had no record of how the mess got there. I cleaned them up as soon as I noticed them but I was super worried about it. About a month passed and I was basically completely normal post concussive-wise but I kept finding mess everywhere. I brought it up with my doctor because I was so confused, I wipe every surface after baking but was finding crumbs everywhere, I wash every dish after eating but was finding dishes in my bedroom, I was constantly keeping my fridge space stocked every weekend and cooking my meals ahead of time and my food would just go missing. I weigh about 100lbs soaking wet, I couldn't possibly have been eating all of this or cooking this much. I was concerned because obviously, I was having these gaps in my memory that this was happening. Then, because I didn't have to sleep as much, I was up later and noticed my new roommate open my cabinet to eat my snacks, like nothing was wrong, and leave an apple core (one of my apples) on the table, and then open my door and put his dish on the floor of my bedroom! I just casually said like "hey, roommate, whatchya doin?" he replies "I gotta work on an essay." ...okay? So no acknowledgment, interesting. I pickup the core, check the cabinets, most of my snacks have been moved to his but the empty packages have been moved back into mine. I have no memory of eating them. I ask my roommates if that was weird, oblivious boys are oblivious and notice nothing. This goes on for about a week. That weekend is the start of our fall break. I decide, I might just ask his parents about it. So when roommate's mom is cleaning his room and roommate is yelling at her about his grades, I (Me) decide I'll have a little chat with our titular entitled father (EF)

Me: hey, umm... so does roommate ever have problems picking up for himself or anything like that at home

EF: no, I don't see why he would, that's his mother's job, he needs to focus on his studies.

Me: Oh... ummm... well I've been noticing that he's been taking my food and leaving his dishes in my room and things like that... I mean... is that something that happens at home?

EF: why shouldn't he? He doesn't need to waste his time with shopping and cleaning. You should be greatful that you've got a purpose now.

Me: Being your son's maid is NOT my purpose, I have my own studies to deal with. I pay my expenses myself and I can't afford nor do I want to feed your son. 

EF: Honestly, I don't know why this is such a problem now. Why haven't you brought this up sooner if it's such a problem.

Me: I had a concussion and a ton of memory problems, I just assumed that the mess was mine and I, as a responsible adult, clean up after myself. 

at this point roommate and very defeated looking mother comes out of his room, roommate (RM) asks "what's up?"

EF: Look, your bitch roommate wants to be all uppity. You were fine cleaning up after him before, just keep doing what you're doing!

RM: what's the problem?

Me: The problem is you've been leaving dirty shit in my room, stealling my food, leaving messes everywhere and expecting them to get cleaned!

RM: oh I just thought you were okay with it. You kept cleaning up after me, washing my dishes, and you always cook for other two roommates (refering to my baking). I thought you just like being all domestic and were preparing for the future like the whole MRS degree shtick. 

Me: No. Just no. That is some bullshit. You can do your own chores and stop exploiting injured women and your poor mother. 

EF holds my arm and takes me aside: look, he doesn't know how to do any of that stuff. Couldn't I just pay you for the food and to clean up for him, $150 a week to cook, clean, do his laundary, all that. He really needs to focus on his studies. I'll even pay for the time since. 

Me: that's super shit parenting, you know.

EF: Jesus, bitch I was trying to be nice to you. You don't need to tell me how to parent. etc, I don't remember the details too well because this was several months ago. 

Anyway now my roommate has a hired maid from a company wash his clothes and cook his meals for the week and clean up the apartment. She has a key and everything. /nSo my family owns a bed and breakfast. The story takes place during that really big hurricane in 2018. It was when the hurricane had just turned into a tropical storm. Sometime that morning this lady who is most commonly known as EP, called and this is the following conversation that ensued 

Enjoy,

Ep=Entitled Wife/parent, H= The husband Me= Who else but the one and only

*phone rings* 

I pick up the phone and answer with, “******** Bed and Breakfast. *** speaking.”

A nice mannered woman responds with, “Hi ***, me and my husband are spending a few nights with you in two weeks and were wondering if we could bring our son with us?”

“We can certainly add another person to your stay. May I ask how old your son is?” I say.

“He is 10 years old.”

“Well I am very sorry but unfortunately we do not accept any children under 13 years old.”

“He is very well mannered and very mature for his age.”

“Im sorry ma’m but it’s simply policy”

“Well couldn’t you just make an exception?”

At this point I can see where it is heading and usually when we don’t want it to get out of hand we just use this excuse.

“Once again I apologize but the state says our B&amp;B cannot accept anyone under 13. Now I can refer you to another B&amp;B in the area who would be happy to accommodate your family.”


“Oh well I can’t do that. I’ll just stay at your business.”

“Okay ma’m, anything else i can help you with?”

“Of course how much to add a third person in a separate room?”

“To add another person would be whatever the rate on the room for those dates would be. But I must ask, are you referring to your son?” 

“No, of course not, he is too young,” she said this sooo unconvincingly.

“May I ask who you are brining?”

“My son.”

(What the fuck lady)

“Ma’m as I said before we cannot accept anyone under 13.”

Clearly frustrated she says, “Well can I just cancel my reservation then?” 

“If that is what you wish to do than of course. We have a 14 day policy that you lie within so we will have to keep your first nights deposit.”

“I’m not paying for a room I’m not sleeping in!”

“It’s our policy, clearly stated when you make the reservation. There is a low chance the room can be re-rented and It pays for the companies that route our business, as well as the credit card company and any supplies we bought in preparation of your stay.”

EP clearly does not understand this and continues to scream at me that I cannot take her money because she hasn’t stayed with us.

This goes back and forth until she just hang up in frustration. I go ahead and process the cancellation and I thought that was the end of it. Oh boy was i wrong. This is where the “hurricane” comes in.

*phone rings*

I answer the phone and say, “****** Bed and Bre-“

“I want to cancel my reservation,” It’s Ep calling back.

“I’ve already processed the cancellation it’s taken care of.”

“So I have my money back?”

“No ma’m. We had to keep the first nights deposit”

“Well I saw your area is being affected by the hurricane.”

“That would be incorrect ma’m. The coast did see some of the hurricane but now it is a tropical storm and we expect to see no more than three inches of rain by the end of it.”

“Yeah but all the highways are closed and it will be all wet and muggy”

“They wont be closed in a week in a half when your reservation was. And it was your choice to vacation in a coastal state during hurricane season ma’m”

At this point shes berates me with more screaming and she gets her husband on the phone. Who, if is reading this, I respect you but damn dude. I am so sorry for you.

The husband goes on to say, “ so there is no way for us to get our money?” 

“No sir. It’s simply the policy,” I say expecting hell to rain down.

The husband sighs, “ alright thank you anyways. Have a nice day.”

“You too.” I say, relived for it to be over. Or so i thought. Again.

 No more than 5 minutes later

*phone rings*
I answer again with, “****** be-“

“I WANT MY MONEY OR I AM GOING TO SHOW UP ANYWAYS, AND I EXPECT TO BE ACCOMMODATED!” Screams EM

Finally my dad (who is also the owner) overhears this and take the phone, now I don’t know what else EP decided to say for the next few minutes but my I do know my dad doesn’t take ANY shit. 

My dad calmly responds with “This is my home as well as my business, if you decide to show up we will treat you as an intruder. The cops are no more than a few blocks away and we have the right to defend our home.” 

He hangs up, blocks the number but not before writing it down on a sticky note and pasting it to the calendar on the date of arrival. Luckily for them, EP and her kid never showed. But if her husband ended up divorcing her and sees this I’ll happily have you stay at the lodge for a free night!



EDIT 1: wow my first legitimate post and I got 3.k likes in 7 hours. Much live to everyone who took the time to read and leave a comment ❤️ PLP




EDIT 2: Thanks so much guys!! Silver on my first EP post! I work as a busboy too so if anything happens there ill make sure to let you know 😉 PLP ❤️ oh and the silver wasn’t on this post but i shared this on another r/ and that was awarded!

EDIT 3: i got another silver. Much appreciated! ❤️ PLP

EDIT 4: a third silver! I dont know what else i can say!/nIt was my 21st birthday, and my aunt (who never talks to us unless she needs something) calls to ask if I will watch her kids so she can go out with her boyfriend. I told her no, I have plans. She gets angry and calls me selfish and hangs up on me. I proceeded to prepare for my night out with friends. 

When I get out of the shower, I go into my bedroom to find all three of my little cousins in my bed. I go to ask my mom wth. She says Steph just rang the doorbell and left them on the doorstep. 

I got dressed and waited for my friend to pick me up. We loaded the kids in the car and drove to the club. I walked in and found my aunt. She starts screaming “where are my kids?!?”  I said outside waiting for you. I told you I wasn’t babysitting tonight. It’s my birthday and I have plans. 
She yells at me that she can’t drive them home because she came with Abel (their father) and he wasn’t ready to leave. I told her y’all should have thought of that when you tried to force me to babysit for free. So either call a taxi or phone a friend, but you have two minutes to come get your kids before I call CPS. 

She didn’t speak to me for 6 months and I never babysat for free again. 

When I say no, I mean that shit!/nEP: Entitled Mother

HS: Hellspawn

Me: Just me

So I was new to the area and should have suspected something when right upon move-in EM was on my doorstep asking if I babysat. Yup. Turned out there were a shortage of teenage girls in the area who wanted babysitting money. It was country club territory, and the majority didn't do ... work.

EM was thrilled to find out I babysat and scheduled herself a date night that weekend. She agreed to my rate, and I was happy to have a customer so quickly in my new town. Briefly anyway.

HS was the kind of kid who liked to pull the wings off insects. I should probably google him to find his Florida Man story. He was beyond unruly. He hurled his dinner at me because I wouldn't give him cookies. He kicked and hit me over my insisting he needed to put on pajamas. He threw an absolute screaming tantrum on the floor when it was bedtime because he wanted to stay up and play video games. He was an overall nightmare, and it was blindingly obvious he was used to these tactics working.

I survived the night, but by the time EM got home HS hadn't finished having his bedtime tantrum on the living room floor. Tiny me was not capable, nor interested in, trying to physically force a kicking and hitting kid to do anything. He'd even threatened biting. So there he wailed and pounded the carpet. I figured he'd tucker himself out eventually or EM could deal with what she spawned. He was way too old for that behavior (eight).

Well, I learned where he got it. As soon as she got in the door EM threw a screaming fit at me that HS wasn't in bed. When she got done yelling at me, she refused to pay. I didn't deserve to be paid because I hadn't successfully gotten HS to bed on time. Why had she hired a babysitter if she still had to do all the work? She'd deserved a break from HS's bedtime antics!

I was decidedly unamused by the not paying, but she wouldn't budge. So I took the remote control for her television hostage and went home. Then I told everybody I met what she'd done, and unsurprisingly EM had a history of refusing to pay contractors, house cleaners, and babysitters. Had a lien on her house and everything. Given there were fewer babysitters than babysitting jobs on offer in the area, she didn't have a lot of luck hiring one again. She did eventually come for her remote and pay up. Then the damn fool tried to hire me again. Not a chance.

tl;dr: Entitled Mother refuses to pay for babysitting because I didn't get her Hellspawn in bed on time. I refuse to give back her tv remote until she pays up. She does, then tries to hire me again. LOL no./nTitle might be a bit misleading, it’ll be cleared up though.

Anyway, I’m back, the actual u/oceanic-Blue . Time to share the story of another EP encounter.

Me - guy who is not a virgin

A - my husband

EM - woman who had a baby

-

So, A and I were invited to EM’s kid’s first birthday by EM’s husband. It was all well and good, until EM gave us the rules a couple days before the party. They were normal rules, no drugs or alcohol, decent attitude, except for one rule. It said “Anyone attending this birthday party must not have had sex for the month prior and must not have sex for a week after.”

A and I were weirded out by this, since it was almost all adults attending, most were married. A and I were no exception. And like any normal married couple, sex was a thing we had. We decided not to go, since us going would break that rule.

On the day of the birthday party, EM sent out a group text to us and a bunch of other people asking where we were. A good amount of people said they were breaking that rule. EM got mad at all of us for being “sinners” and blocked all our numbers.

2 weeks later she was found to be 5 weeks pregnant.

Edit to clear some things up

- Her husband didn’t know about the rule before the group chat

- She knew A and I are gay but never mentioned it

- We knew her because she and her husband went to the same church as A/nI made another post about Aunt and Cousin which can be found [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bl50ss/entitled_aunt_takes_issue_with_there_being_locks/)

&#x200B;

Cast: Me - the Majestic Gummy Bear, Sarah - my Twin, Kevin - my Service Dog, Aunt - woman who is Dead to me, Entitled Cousin - cousin who is also Dead to me, Uncle - Sarah and I's Uncle

&#x200B;

Sorry for any errors in advance.

&#x200B;

My Aunt came to spend the week with us while she was in town. As a result, this was by far the worst week of my life so far. Aunt is the type of person who firmly believes that a guest basically owns everything and the host should do everything in their power to accommodate the guest regardless of any reason. Before anyone asks, no, Aunt didn't go crazy whenever we didn't give her something either she or Cousin wanted. Aunt would either huff and mutter under her breath or make it a point that everyone knew how unhappy she was by talking about it loudly on the phone. But Cousin, however, would act like we just murdered his first born.

At first, everything was fine. Uncle explained the extensive ground rules that Aunt and Cousin needed to follow, that I was Mute and why I needed Kevin, along with how to differentiate between Sarah and I (we dye our hair differently). I'm not going to go into detail of the rules except for the major one. Which is also the one that Cousin, and subsequently Aunt, took extreme issue with:

&#x200B;

Don't go into Sarah and Number31's room. Period.

&#x200B;

I know that Uncle went to great lengths to explain this rule and the importance of it. Why, you may ask? Because Aunt argued with Uncle about why the rule even existed and Uncle ended up having to raise his voice which quickly ended the argument altogether. Finishing it with the threat of kicking Aunt and Cousin out of the house if he so much as hears a hint about either of them trying to enter the room. Of course, Sarah and I quickly learned how seriously they took the rule.

Now, the door to Sarah and I's room has two locks on it (a dead bolt and door knob lock). To those who may be wondering: Uncle had them installed per Sarah and I's request shortly after Uncle was granted full custody of us. Uncle, of course, has a key in case anything happens but he respects Sarah and I's need for privacy so he just calls for one of us if he needs us. For obvious reasons, neither Aunt nor Cousin were given a key.

For the first two days there wasn't any issue. As usual, I would go straight to our room so neither of them could try to interact with me. But that didn't stop Cousin from incessantly knocking and asking to come in to play on our xbox. Sarah would tell him no but when she wasn't there I'd just slide a note under the door which promptly said: NO. Cliché, yes, but neither Sarah nor I trusted Cousin or Aunt with our cell numbers so notes were the next best thing. The third day, Aunt was waiting for Sarah and I to get home.

&#x200B;

Aunt - \[Cousins name\] wants to play on your game system (It's an Xbox) so can you please let him in so that he can play? It'll only be for a few hours and you can sit with him if you want.

&#x200B;

Sarah - Sorry but he's not allowed inside and neither are you (Aunt's name), but he is allowed to play on the Wii. It's already hooked up to the tv in the living room. I think the controllers are next to the Wii itself.

&#x200B;

Aunt - He thinks the games for it are too childish and I agree. So, will you please let him in so that he can play? You two are working all day anyway so it won't be a problem.

&#x200B;

I would like to point out that the only Wii games we have is the Metroid Prime series and Metroid Other M. For those who haven't played those games, they are far from childish. Sarah pointed that out but Aunt wasn't having any of it. To her, games in general were all childish and we should let him in to play or move the xbox into the living room. An option that was simply out of the question. Sarah unlocked the door and had to actively block Aunt from trying to step inside while we went into our room. Aunt didn't like this but when Sarah 'casually' asked if I had texted Uncle that we got home safely, Aunt backed off with a huff.

Yes, Aunt made a point to not mention anything whenever Uncle was around. According to Sarah, both Aunt and Cousin never talked about our room when he was home. They'd mind their own business or make small talk with Uncle (they eventually stopped trying to talk to Sarah after she yelled at Cousin to leave her alone).

The next day, Thursday, Uncle and Sarah had to go to the store for some things (I forget what). I didn't think much of it and decided to play on the xbox. Around maybe four hours (I lose track of time when playing) after they left, I heard an odd scratching noise at the door. It wasn't Kevin because he was sitting next to me. I texted Sarah asking if she and Uncle were back yet but she replied saying that they were still at the store but would be home soon. By then, the door knob was shaking and I heard Aunt telling Cousin to 'be careful' and 'you can't force the lock'. As soon as I heard that I texted Sarah what was going on. Sarah's response surprised me.

&#x200B;

Sarah (text) - Get on that other game you play that says 'you died' a lot and turn the volume all the way up. Like, the time when you first played it.

&#x200B;

She was talking about Dark Souls 3 and it took me a moment to understand what she meant. Then it clicked. When booting the game up, it'll show two companies/game engines (not sure what the brand names shown are) or something along those lines then it'll play loud choir-like music before showing the main menu. Basically, when I first got the game, my ears were ringing for almost thirty minutes and Uncle was swearing every other word while yelling to turn the volume down. Since then, I have the tv muted then slowly turn the volume up until its at a comfortable level that isn't on par with an air raid siren blaring in your house.

I wish I could say that the end result of Sarah's proposition was more satisfying but it wasn't. Right after the loud blaring of dramatic choir music, I managed to catch what I presume was 'f-ck!' subsequently followed by a heavy thud then some smaller thuds. I guess the music startled Cousin (or Aunt) and they tripped while trying to leave but I don't know. The music is, as I said, really loud and I had my headphones on cause I didn't want my ears to be ringing for a while. According to Sarah, when she and Uncle questioned Aunt, she kept demanding to know what kind of games I'm playing, why I would play it so loud, and what reason would I have to play games in the first place. Aunt then accused me of ruining her nap and nearly giving her a heart attack in the process. When Sarah asked why she was trying to pick the lock (Sarah mentioned the two little statements I overheard), Aunt claimed to have no idea what Sarah was talking about and that I was clearly hearing things if I play games at that volume all the time.

Aunt demanded that I apologize to her and Cousin for having the tv at max volume and 'scaring' Aunt like that but Uncle immediately shot her down. Telling her that if she ever dared to do that again then he'd kick her out. When Aunt pointed out that he previously said he wouldn't hesitate to, Uncle said

&#x200B;

Uncle - Well, if you'd prefer I immediately take the girls at their word then the door is right over there

&#x200B;

Sarah then explained that Aunt wasted no time in trying to correct herself and apologizing. But Uncle brushed her off. Aunt did a lot more but that's for another post when I get the time. Now, you may be wondering why we wouldn't let Aunt or Cousin into our room. Why we didn't just move the xbox in the living room. The reason is that Sarah and I have a very deep distrust towards anyone in general, double for anyone in our family, which was developed over the entirety of our time in high school (five years). When Uncle told us about Aunt's impending arrival, we really weren't sure what to think. To Sarah and I, our family is dead to us. So finding out that we had an Aunt who hasn't disowned us was a bit of a shock. But we weren't about to welcome them with open arms. Uncle made our views very clear to Aunt and even went so far as to have her explain to Sarah that she understood our apprehensiveness (I couldn't bring myself to be there because of my anxiety about the whole situation so Sarah explained it to me afterwards.) So Aunt knew full well just why we were refusing to let either of them into our room where we spent a vast majority of our time. With Aunt and Cousin in the house, our room was the only place we could go to relax in peace so we weren't about to let someone we only just met into our one place that we can call our own. I'll post some more stories about Aunt and Cousin if any of you would like to see more.

EDIT: For clarification, we think that Aunt was trying to pick the lock to our room so that Cousin could play on our xbox. But we don't know for certain since Aunt has kept denying that she tried in first place.

Sarah and I live with our Uncle because our Mother passed away. Our father (if one could ever call him that) is in jail where he belongs. Our 'family' blames us for him being put in jail. Hence why they've disowned the two of us. Please don't ask why he is in jail because I don't feel comfortable talking about the things he did to us.

According to Uncle, Aunt explained that she 'hated how the family has treated' us and 'wanted to see for herself' if everything our family was saying was true. Uncle felt that Aunt wanted to be the voice of reason so he allowed it. But, after everything she did during her stay, he won't be allowing it again any time soon.

Finally, I use Sign Language (aka 'Sign') to communicate. I'm almost always with Sarah so she translates for me. Uncle taught me how to use Sign and he taught Sarah as well. Sarah is not mute.

EDITS 2, 3, and 4: Thank you so much to the Anon's who gave me my first gold, first and second silvers! Also, I want to let everyone know that Sarah has been reading everyone's comments with me and we both want you all to know that we are beyond words. We can't thank you all enough for your support.

Some of you have asked for another post about Aunt and Cousin, I'll try to make another post today when I have the time about when they got kicked out. I'll put a link to it in this post when I make it. Again, thank you everyone for your support, it means the world to us!

EDIT 5 (Please read this edit as it contains a major piece of info that is important): First off, a huge thank you to the Anon who gave me my first platinum! Thank you!

Now, a couple people have pointed out something I failed to add and I'm really sorry. Sarah and our Uncle tried to meet Aunt and Cousin half-way when he asked about the Xbox. I tried to come out to get to know Cousin because I felt that at least Cousin deserved a chance. I'm a big fan of Metroid and thought that Metroid would be good to talk with him. He said he would give it a shot which is why we moved the Wii into the living room. However, it was obviously not enough, he went back to asking/insisting that he play the Xbox in our room which is strictly off-limits (even Uncle doesn't come into our room). Uncle explained this, so did Sarah, and both warned that he was close to crossing a lot of well defined boundaries that were explained when they first showed up. Which is why Sarah yelled at Cousin when she did. Cousin refused to listen to reason but Uncle almost managed to reach a middle-ground where we were fine with moving the Xbox into the living room. This next thing is something I had difficulty with adding in and just omitted it. Aunt became fed up with the back and forth (she admitted it) and told us to 'grow up and get over our childish insecurities already'. This was the first time she crossed a line because remember that she had been told by Uncle why we were wary about her and Cousin. So, she knew why we had these 'childish insecurities' as she so eloquently put. Insecurities that were forced onto us by her brother, our 'father', and Uncle made sure that she knew it since, according to Uncle, she had called him before hand and told him that she 'felt bad about how the family has treated us' and she 'wanted to see for herself if what the family is saying is true'.

Understand that we really did try as best we could but we have a hard enough time as it is even going to see the therapist that was provided to us. So, asking us to just so casually trust two members that suddenly wants to understand our side of things from our 'family' that has made it their mission to harass us and at one point even tried to have Uncle arrested under false charges but also tried to have me committed to a mental hospital which would have effectively separated me and Sarah. Which is something that our 'family' knows would kill us. Our reluctance and general distrust towards Aunt and Cousin is warranted. We did our best but Aunt showed just how much she really cared in that one statement. I hope this clears some things up for everyone./nSo I'm a surfing instructor mainly during holidays (I do some in the off season but there isn't much demand for it), and I surf in my free time, too. The surf school is based in this little surf shack on the beach.

The board I have is a Pyzel brand, from their Gremlin line. It's very new and probably the most expensive board I've ever bought, but I'm a bit of a board snob ever since I bought one from a cheaper brand and it snapped on the second use (got caught in sand as a large wave hit and broke down the middle, RIP David Boardanaz). 

However, since I bought the Gremlin, Surfy McSurfface, it has been a lure for entitled parents. When I bought it, it was about £600, as I got it new, but I'll admit I don't remember the exact price. Definitely over £550 plus shipping. There were only 2 colour options: white or green, and it's a pretty vivid green. I went with the green because 1. everyone else has white boards and I didn't want it picked up accidentally, and 2. it looks really fucking cool. 

It has 5 fin setup, which means I can pick and choose how many fins and what positioning I want. I usually go with a thruster fin setup (3 fins but different from the 2+1).

The boards we have at the surf school are all a bright orange. This is to help us ID the students, helps other surfers ID the students, and helps us find the boards at the end of the lesson. They're really ugly, but they do the job. 

They're also either a 2 or 2+1 fin setup, which is better for beginners as it stops them going too fast while still allowing them to turn.

Backstory over

&#x200B;

This incident happened today (and if anyone has seen my other EP story, yes, this is 2 stories in a week, but it's summer so entitled people are rife and they are angry).

So I wasn't working today at the surf school, but as I have the next 2 days off me and my boyfriend planned to go to the beach, do some surfing, then go camping. Because it was hot out, I opted for wearing my wetsuit on my lower half (folded below my waist so it was only covering my legs and butt) and my bikini top.

Some of my coworkers at the school saw me and waved me over, so my boyfriend went ahead while I went to speak to them in the shack. There were only 2 of them in there, and the three of us started talking. I kept Surfy under my arm while I said hi and did some catching up (trying to find out about Jack if anyone remembers my first story) and we were talking for a bit, until we were interrupted.

ED: If you're not too busy, we're here for the lesson.

We immediately shut up and I looked at them as if to say "sorry lads, you're on your own". ED was somewhere in his 40s with a dad bod and a serious sunburn. ED had ES with him, ES looked around 13/14, was wearing bright green shorts, and seemed very embarrassed at his dad's actions.

CW1 (heading over to the register to check him in): I'm sorry, sir. Can we have you and your son's name please?

ED (fully staring at my boobs): It's ED and ES. She's not teaching, is she?

Me: I'm not on duty to-.

ED (still looking at my boobs): I didn't ask you, I asked these young men.

CW2: OP works here, but isn't on duty today.

ED: Good

Me: I'm sorry, is there a problem?

ED: Just don't want anything distracting ES. He wants to do well here, he needs to focus.

Me: I assure you I am nothing but professional, but as CW1 and CW2 are the instructors for his first lessons, they tend to stick with their class until the end of the course.

CW1: Is there anything else we can help you with before the session begins?

ES mutters something to ED.

ED: Yes, ES wants a board like hers. He hates orange, he likes green.

Me: Sorry, sir, but this is my board that I brought from home. It's a Pyzel Gremlin, and you're welcome to purchase your own, but it's probably best that ES learns to surf before you spend £600 on a surfboard.

ED: £600? I'm not paying that. You said you work here. You have to help us. Just give ES your board, even just for the session.

Me: It's not set up for him, it's set up for me, and it probably wouldn't fit him anyway (the Gremlin is designed to be shorter than most boards and ES is taller than I am)

ED: Just let him use it. He doesn't like the other ones.

I gave up after this and, wanting to get away from him, bid goodbye to CW1 and CW2, heading to the shore. I joined my boyfriend in the water, about 20 minutes pass and I see the new class, including CW1, CW2, ES, and about a dozen other students, all head into the water. As classes go, this is really big, and we try to have 1 tutor for every 5 students so they've barely got enough staff as it is.

The first thing ES does is go really far out, pretty close to where me and my boyfriend are, and this is a very bad idea. He's on a beginner's course while we've been surfing for years. I look over and CW1 and CW2 are occupied with other students.

Me: Hey, ES. You might want to go a little closer to shore. Bit far out for your first time. There's a wave coming, lie flat and hang on to the board, and it'll take you closer to shore. Don't stand up or you'll fall off.

ES (like father like son, he's staring at my boobs): I'm fine! Hey, watch this!

ES tries to stand up. Less than 5 minutes after he got on a surfboard for the first time. Because he has no idea what he's doing, he stands up on shaky legs and the wave immediately knocks him off. ES bursts back out of the water, and clambers back on his orange board, which takes him a few attempts as he keeps grabbing it incorrectly so it turns over and hits him, rather than giving him a stable surface to climb back on. ES gets back on the board, and appears to just sort of give up, kicking his way back to shore less about 5 minutes after he got in the ocean. On the beach I see an irate ED, gesturing for ES to get back up, but ES is not having it.

ES: I don't want to do it, it's too hard!

Eventually ES gets back to the beach and begins a shouting match with ED. I'm too far out to hear anything but I can see them both gesturing wildly, and notice them both pointing at me. Uh oh. 

I see CW2 head more towards the shore, meaning CW1 has been left with about 13 kids to supervise. CW2 gets close, staying in the water and near the students, but close enough to talk to ED and ES. This is what CW2 said happened.

ED: I TOLD YOU NOT TO GET DISTRACTED!

ES: SHE DISTRACTED ME

ED: I KNEW IT! I KNEW SHE WOULD BE A PROBLEM

CW2: Is there an issue here?

ED: THAT GIRL DISTRACTED ES. I DEMAND PAYBACK!

(note: I think by payback he meant compensation, but just didn't think to use the word or something)

CW2: OP is an instructor here. I assure you if she said anything to ES, it was helpful advice.

I arrived in the shallows and stood, holding Surfy under my arm.

Me: Is there a problem?

ED: YOU DISTRACTED HIM! YOU'RE WHY HE FELL!

Me: I saw ES was too far out for a beginner who'd been on a board 5 minutes, so I suggested he go back. I told him to lie flat and use the wave to get back, and told him *not* to stand.

ED: YOU DISTRACTED HIM! THIS IS YOUR FAULT!

CW2: Look, clearly there's been a crossed wire here.

ED: CLEARLY! WE DEMAND PAYBACK.

Me: Sir, with all due respect, I did nothing to distract ES. I gave him some advice as he'd clearly gone way too far out. That's all.

ED: BULLSHIT! IF YOU'D JUST PUT YOUR TITS AWAY HE WOULD HAVE BEEN FINE OUT THERE BUT YOU DISTRACTED HIM!

Me: So you're saying my appearance was why ES fell off his board? Not the fact that he went too far out after being advised against it and then tried to stand up after being told to lie down? I was the problem here?

ED: WE DEMAND PAYBACK 

CW2: Sir, there are children nearby. If you lower your voice, we can offer you a free session, but this really was not OP's fault.

ED (finally lowering his voice): Not good enough. What do you want, ES?

ES is just sort of looking at the ground, his whole face bright red. I almost feel bad for the kid. Until he says this.

ES: The board?

ED: You heard him, hand it over.

He starts snapping his fingers, like him clicking will make me give it to him.

Me: Fine. That'll be £600.

ED: This is all your fault! We're not paying for shit!

Me: No. This is mine, and it's meant for people who are at an intermediate or advanced level, not a newbie. Not only would the board not fit him but the fin setup would just lead to him falling off again. Plus I didn't actually do anything wrong here.

ED: We're the customer. The customer is always right. It's all your fault anyway, so give us the damn board.

BF (finally getting in): Babe, you ready to go?

Me (looks at CW2, who gives me a nod as if to say "I got this"): Yup. Let's go.

We walk away, leaving an irate ED behind us and ES looking equal parts indignant and regretful. CW2 texted me saying that after we left they realised they weren't getting the board and took the free session voucher, but not before asking for the manager's contact info, which CW1 gave them after telling the manager what happened./nI know I always start my posts like this but my eldest sister is a flight attendant and she has to deal with a lot of EP’s. This one is a story she told me around a year ago but I still remember it.

Anyway, my sister’s flight this time around was on one of those planes where you don’t have assigned seats and it’s first come, first serve. These sorts of planes don’t have first class and all the seats are pretty much the same.

S: I am now calling all disabled passengers or passengers requiring assistance boarding the plane such as pregnant women, passengers with wheelchairs or senior passengers. Please have your boarding passes ready and your passport on the photo card.

It’s a very weird process since in Britain, everyone just queues up and usually most of the ‘priority’ passengers are at the back so it’s an awkward process where some people have to move back or to the side to let the other passengers go forward. At this moment in time, most wheelchair passengers cannot really manoeuvre properly since it is very crowded and usually end up running over a toe or two but usually no one makes a bigger deal than K.

people who were involved in this story 

S: Sister, she’s 5ft 4, skinny but is a kickass flight attendant. 

OFA-the other flight attendant, mostly silent during this story

M: mother (sorry about the entitled thing)

ED: entitled dad, probably a Karen as well

K: Kid 

WD: wheelchair dude, sweet old man 


K: Ouch! Mummy someone stood on my foot.

M: oh no angel! i’ll give it a kiss on the plane (🤨 parents is this normal cos if someone ran over my foot, my mum would say I was at fault?)

ED: *glares at WD* watch where you’re going mate you ran over my girl’s foot.

WD: did I? I’m very sorry K I didn’t mean to. Would a piece of chocolate make it feel better?

K: no. I want to go on the plane NOW. My feet probably hurt more than yours and i want to sit.

She probably thought the man was sat down because he was tired. She was young around three years old.

ED: you heard her mate. let her go on before you.

S: excuse me sir (this happened near the front of the gate) but we only allow priority passengers to board first. Your daughter will have to wait.

ED: No! Families should be your number one priority. You should let them board first because children are much more difficult to handle. 

S: I’m sorry sir but families with small children are next to board. We want to help the people who need help getting into their seats before anyone else.

OFA: come on WD, let me help you get to the plane. *takes WD’s wheelchair handles and wheels him off. 

ED: We will be boarding now. *practically throws passports at S

S: sorry we are boarding priority passengers only. Get to the back of the line.

M: ED stop! Sorry about this, he gets stressed by travel (so does literally everyone?)

S: It’s okay. Please wait your turn. 

ED scoffs, grabs his completely fine K and storms off, leaving M to scurry after them.

My sister thanks everyone for their support and loves sitting in my room when she comes home, reading all your comments. ❤️

Edit: TWO GOLDS! Thank you to the anonymous redditor and u/ShiftTheGlaceon for the golds!/nSo, I have an entitled mom and she is horrible. I have countless stories about her and i'm gonna start posting them.

&amp;#x200B;

So back when I was 11 during January my mom didn't enroll me into school for a whole week. I asked her why and her response was "I'm your mother, and I can do what I want!". When I was 2 my parents broke up but never got divorced, their for they both have custody. A few years prior my dad moved to Texas to meet up with an online dating thing and they were together for 5-ish years but that's not important to the story. My dads a nice caring person, hints to why they aren't together anymore. On Friday, the fifth day of not going to school, He called me to check up on me. He asked about school and I told him that I haven't been at school in a week, he seemed annoyed but I didn't think about it. Later in the call I asked him if i could just move in with him, He said when i'm ready. I also told him about how there was no food, the shower was broken, and that our mom hasn't washed our clothes in months.

&amp;#x200B;

A few days later EM told me that my dad was coming up because an relative was near death and he wanted to visit them. She said that we were gonna hangout before he goes, and by we just me and my brother. (you'll see why in a minute) When he got here my mom said to my dad "Don't get MY SONS in trouble" my dad laughed because hes also the parent. When we got in the car my dad told me and my 10 year old brother that there was no relative and that we were moving in with him in Texas. My 10 year old brother started crying and freaking out screaming "RAPE" even though the windows were up, I'm trying to convince him to come because it is so much better than being here. (I stayed with him during the summer) We had to drive home because my dad didn't wanna force him to go if he didn't want to. He let him out of the car and my dad drove off because my brother was gonna tell my mom. On our way leaving the state, I asked why he didn't bring my 9 year old brother and my dad said because hes autistic and he basically is property of the state of Ohio. I can believe this because the state barely even lets EM have him. Once we got to the bridge my dad got tired of my mom spam calling him so he answered on speaker.

&amp;#x200B;

Dad- D

Mom- EM

Me- Me

Officer- O

&amp;#x200B;

D- Yes?

EM- YOU JUST STOLE MY SON

D- No, I didn't.

EM- YES YOU DID! I have custody!

D- No, you don't.

EM- YOUR KIDNAPPING MY SON! HOW DO I NOT HAVE CUSTODY?!  
D- Because we are married, Law says if your married there is no custody.

EM- HE DOESN'T WANT TO BE WITH YOU

D- Chris do you want to go?

Me- Yes, I wanna go. You suck as a parent and all you do is sit on your but.

\-He hangs up-

\-He then called an officer and explained the situation-

O- Yeah she actually just called. She said that some white man kidnapped her kids and one escaped.

D- Nope, You can check my records, i'm the father.

\-Officer confirms this and reassures my dad that's hes 100% in the right-

&amp;#x200B;

Goes without saying, I enjoyed the time away from her :)


Edits:

1. Thanks for my first silver and gold medals!

2. To the people asking about how being autistic means he’s property of the state, it’s a weird situation. They make him go to an alternative school and the school makes money from him going. The social worker he had quit and he got a new one and she told us about the school making money from him and got him to be able to leave the state last week. So he can leave now but at the time the school was threatening to call CPS if he left.

3. Someone said that the story is fake because he was questioning how my siblings ages don’t change, to that person this story was 3 years ago. I didn’t live with my half siblings then and in my recent stories I do live with them, and my full siblings durning the time of this story are similar ages to my half siblings now.

4. People who asked if I still live with my dad, no he got arrested but that can be for another r/entitledparents story. If you would like to see a few things from some recent issues I’ve had with EM click on these 2 part post

Part 1- https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/btg7el/my_entitled_mom_and_her_abusive_ex_tried_to_break/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=ios_share_flow_optimization&amp;utm_term=control_2


Part 2- https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c2x0sz/entitled_mom_lets_her_bf_abuse_me_and_when_i/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=ios_share_flow_optimization&amp;utm_term=control_2

5. People asked how my dad got arrested and if I still live with my dad, if you don’t have time to read the 2 part thing then read this one, breed explain to what happened 

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c3515m/em_gets_me_kicked_out_of_school/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=ios_share_flow_optimization&utm_term=control_2/nFirst time posting here, also mobile...so be warned! Also very long!

I got married last year (hooray) but a year before that me and my now wife settled on a venue and then started the process of whittling down guests.

We had a ceremony capacity of 80. I come from quite a large family, with few friends. She has a small family, but lots of friends. Mostly we share her friend group. However this did lead to us making a couple of rules.

1. Only inviting family members to the day part of the wedding we had both actually seen during our five year relationship. No random cousins or uncles who never enter our lives.

2. No one below 16. We came to our own conclusion (rightly or wrongly) that we would rather have more adults there who are more likely to enjoy the day instead of kids who may not. Also if we invited all the kids in the family it would be a quarter of our capacity.

So when we got engaged my grandparents (only ones I have left on my side) were very happy and immediately told me to invite who we wanted and to sod everyone else, do what we want. 

Once we made the decision regarding venue the decision around the inviting children followed pretty much after. 

This is where the drama begins. I'm the oldest grandchild, to their oldest son. They had three sons  my dad and two uncles. My dad and his oldest brother all have kids over 16. Youngest brother however has four all under 11. 

This uncle and aunt tend to use my grandparents a lot of extra childcare and support. Which is fine, however its had lead to this situation where they are regarded as 'their babies' and need extra attention. 

However the choice we made lead to my GPs immediately saying they won't come to the wedding if they aren't invited. This took all of us, my parents included, by surprise. Especially as we heard that the aunty and uncle affected were fine with it. However my GPs strongarmed them into agreeing with their position.

This lead to my Dad having a conversation with the grandparents to try and make them see sense. I never got the details, all I know is that it ended with my dad leaving the house after telling my grandmother that the word stubborn would be set on her grave, and he's usually a very controlled individual.

Two days later my sister (21 at the time) dropped by theirs to say hello. She was there chatting normally and my grandma just cuts in and goes 'so then what do you have to say about it all'. This took her aback but she defended our position. 

My grandma argued that we were picking on them and always believed we were better than that family. She also said she wanted a nice picture of all the grandkids together. My sister asked her how she could be choosing between the grandkids, doesn't she love us all the same?

She didn't respond for a few seconds, before eventually saying 'well they are younger...they are our babies'

My sister left in tears.

I felt terrible, and responsible for the fallout. My dad talked me out of going around and having it out with them, he said leave and we will see if they come around.

Time passes and I am delivering invites to relatives. I was also rushing to meet a friend so it was very much in and out of houses. I arrived at their house and only remembered the situation as I walked in.

I handed them the invite and was immediatly told they would not be attending. I was stunned into silence. I told them the decision won't personal and all kids were welcome for the evening party. They told me it wasn't fair and it should be everyone or they won't come at all.

I finally crack and shout at them. I state I didn't realise my grandparents attendance was conditional. They reply with how do you think this makes us feel?

I blurt out 'how do you feel? My grandparents aren't coming to my fucking wedding'

They ask me to leave. I walk to the door, turn around, walk back grab the invite, say 'you won't be needing this' and leave.

I haven't seen them since.

On a plus note the wedding was amazing, the additional friends we invited really made it a party atmosphere and I wouldn't change it for the world! I've decided it was their loss and it's something they will have to live with.

P.S. I don't really mind if no one has read this, typing this out after all this time has been extremely therapeutic.

EDIT: I am overwhelmed with the response and support with this. It's also the most updoots I've ever had on a post, which is barmy considering it's the most sombre/real thing I've ever posted and did not expect anyone to read it. Thanks again everyone, my wife will enjoy going through the responses once she gets home from work.

EDIT 2: Thank thank thank you guys so much for the platinum and silver. I did not set out to achieve anything near the response this has gained today. It means so much to me to have this support and I really did not expect this level of well wishes and advice while I was typing this into my phone over a bowl of cereal. Thank you to everyone./nBefore anything: 

1: I'm on my boyfriend's phone. Some typos could slip past.

2:I don't have a reddit. I'm posting on my boyfriend's account. 

Ok. So, I'm being told that I should put in the "cast".
EM is the entitled mother. Me is moi. BF is MilanoCookiez. LB is the little brat daughter. NK is the son. SO is the shop owner. PO 1 and 2 are the police officers. This gets crazy.

Ok, got that out of the way. Time for some context. I am mute, for one. I produce music for people. I live in a town full of shitty people. I am 16 years of age. I have a really nice laptop (with ableton live suite 10). 

Now on to the story. A few days ago, I went on my normal trip to the local coffee shop. It's a 15 minute walk from my place, and usually fun to relax and work on my current projects. My mother used to always check in and be ready to pick me up. She is super protective. After a while of me being fine, she eventually became a bit more chill about me leaving on my own. Anyways, last Saturday she was out  at work. I texted her that I was going out, but since she is a professor, she has her phone on silent. 

I got to the covfefe shop, and now to the owner for my usual. I sit down and open up my laptop. Around 20 minutes later, a family walks in. A woman, a boy (probably around 12 ish), and a little girl (6-8?). The boy looks bored, and sits down. Not to much later, he comes up and asks me what I'm working on. 

NK: What ya working on?

Me: points to mouth and makes an x with fingers.

NK: You're mute?

Me: nods.

NK: Can I hear you music, then?

I hand him my headphones and he takes a listen. He nods with the beat, and generally looks like he enjoys it. But then his sister came. Oh boy do I wish she didn't notice us.

LB: Oooh, a laptop! Can I play?

NK: No, I'm just listening to his music.

LB, ignoring him: hey mister, can I have your laptop to play?

Me: signals that I can't talk

LB: What?

EM: What's going on here?

LB: I want that laptop to play!

NK: He's using it to make music. It's not for playing.

EM: Well why don't you let him talk?

NK: He's -

EM: Shut up, NK!

Me: signals that I'm mute, again.

EM: What are those, gang signs?

NK: He can't talk! He's mute!

LB: I want the laptop!

EM: Stop that, NK. You know that muteness isn't real.

Me: stands up.

EM: You'd better drop that act right now and give me your laptop. You're too old to be playing games. You should be with a girl or something.

Me: puts my hand on my chest and leans back like "Excuse me, bitch?"

Then, EM just fucking grabs my laptop (~$600 US). I grab it back. EM tries to take it again, but I step back. SO is noticing the commotion from the back room and comes out just in time to see EM scratch my face with her nails. Nothing got badly damaged, but my face got 3 cuts. She looks about ready to hit me again when NK grabs her hand and cries at her to stop. 

That

Bitch

Hit

Her

Son.


HARD.


SO steps in and separates the two of us. I probably would be behind bars were it not for his impeccable timing. He calls the police, and shortly enough, they arrive. I called BF in the meantime (using yes/no finger snaps) and he drives over in a hurry. He is comforting me, and even now he's mumbling under his breath about how he should've gone with me. The conversation with the POs goes like this. 

PO 1: Can you tell me what happened here? 

EM: This crazy man StOLe mY DauGhTeRs laPTop and didn't give it back!

PO 1: I was asking him.

BF: Do you understand sign? He's mute.

EM: No he's not! It's obviously being faked. He's playing the victim here.

PO 2: Ma'am, come with me, for now.

PO 1: Anyways, yes. I do understand sign language. 

Me, in sign: Good. So, this crazy lady wanted to steal my laptop for her daughter. When I took it back, she raked me across the face. Her son tried to stop her, but he was hit too.

PO 2: Okay. Obviously, the stories contradict. 

EM: Because he is lying.

BF: Shut up already. There has got to be a security camera or something. 

SO: Yes. I can show you all the footage. 

So, we reviewed all the evidence, and EM was arrested. You bet your ass I'm pressing charges.

Anyways, BF is getting antsy without his phone. Until next time./nA bit of context. I know the girl, she's one of... those kids. The kind that feels entitled to themselves and gossips about everyone. My friend group is mostly the subject of these. However I've managed to keep her away. However, then she has the smart idea to invite everyone in her classes to her Sweet 16. And lo, I happened to be in a few of her classes. And she gave an invite. I had better things to do, my friends felt the same. Most still did go because their crushes were there or because of the goodies. Not me. Little did I know her mother works for the PTA and apparently keeps track of the invites with a list, and I'm guessing was able to track me through the school system. I was home with my siblings that night, parents were out. Everything lined up perfectly. This is how that encounter went.


At first, it was a knocking at the door. I don't answer doors unless I get informed someone is arriving so I just waited quietly for the person to go. It keeps going for 20 minutes. In case it's a robbery, I told my siblings to hide and grabbed a bat in case. Then I made the biggest mistake by opening it. 

(Keep in mind I don't remember every detail, so bear with me if they sound robotic)

Me: (with bat behind back) Hello. Who are you?

EM: I'm (name)'s mother! Are your parents home?

I lie, for obvious reasons, as I'm still not sure who exactly she is

Me: Yes, my father is in bed. He told me to get the door.

EM: Took an awful while. 

Me: He didn't notice it until now.

EM: Well, can I come in? I want to talk to him.

Me: I'm sorry, I can't just let you in the house. (My heart was pounding out of its chest with fear)

EM: Oh. Well can I talk to you young man?

Me: What are you even here for?

EM: Well, you know my daughter, right? Well she's having her Sweet 16, and I noticed that some of the people didn't show up. So I'm going around and collecting them. I hope you didn't forget!

Me: (heart slowing down, and I drop the bat) Oh... well, I don't really want to go...

EM: Why not? There's all sorts of fun things! And my daughter is celebrating her birthday!

Me: I don't really know your daughter, I was only invited because I share a class with her, I'm sorry but I don't want to go.

EM: Nonsense. You were on the list, that means you're friends with her. So don't you want to come?

Me: I'm sorry, parties just aren't my thing (which was a complete lie because I love parties when it's mostly people I actually know)

EM: So you just want to sit on your *ss all night instead of celebrating my daughter's birthday? 

Me: Yes. Thanks for understanding. Please go away. 

EM: You spoiled brat! Where is your father?

Me: I'm sure he would respect my opinion, and not the mother of someone I hardly know. Get off our lawn.

EM: You probably just like my daughter, and don't want to go, because you'll be embarrassed around her!

Me: What? Lady, you're confusing me. I don't "like" like your daughter, but I don't hate her. I just don't want to go. 

EM: Suit yourself! F**king fat *ss! (I'm a bit chubby, so I took this a bit personally. She was clearly trying to dirt on me with petty insults, to make me feel bad about not going. I don't) 

So that happened. I watch her leave from the window after I shut the door. I tell siblings to come out and I call my parents to let them know. They're upset I answered the door, but proud that I dealt with it. So they didn't panic all too much. So it was normal until two hours later, when I heard sirens. I thought it was something else until I heard a knock on the door and a voice yelling at me to come out. I tell siblings to hide and open it, knowing who it was. About 6 police cars, and the police were ARMED. I tell siblings to come out. Because it would look bad if they searched the house to find them. I step outside, hands in the air, terrified. But once they saw me, they lowered the guns, seeing I was unarmed and just a teen in sweatpants. They questioned me. This lady had told them that I abused her daughter, physically, and sexually, and that when she came to my house I chased her away with a knife. She had also told them I was older than I was, and she heard kids crying behind me (which may have been true because of my siblings) So I told them my story, including the lies I told the lady to protect myself, and as I was doing so, my parents showes up to save the day, because we had security cameras. I was off the hook, thank god, and all the lady could do was argue with my parents and police. 

The police actually went over to the party to see if it was safe, and turns out almost everyone there had alcohol and vapes, and some were engaging in NSFW activity, so they brought everyone who was drinking, vaping, and engaging in NSFW activity to the station, giving a warning to those who didn't but were still there. The lady was also questioned about the fact that she allowed alcohol. I don't know what happened to her. And no, I'm not sure if she had a husband. If so, sorry to him. After that, for a while the party's shut-down was all everyone could talk about, and when I told them why it exactly happened, all of a sudden I was some hero or something. I didn't care. All I wished was that I didn't open that stupid door. Anyway, thank you for reading my obscenely long entitled parent encounter. It really sucked./nHey Reddit. Thought I'd share a story my mom told me years ago from her time as a nurse in an emergency room. My mom has told me this story multiple times but I'm still going off memory.

The story: about 15 years ago my mom was working the night shift in an emergency room when they got called by an incoming ambulance to be prepared for incoming car crash victims including an unresponsive toddler. What had happened was a pregnant mother with a 5 year old in the back was driving drunk the wrong way down the highway and hit a minivan head on. The minivan had a mother and her 18 month old baby in the backseat. To simplify injuries:

Minivan driver: collapsed lungs, concussion and neck injuries

Baby: unresponsive (extremely serious)

5 year old: bruising from seatbelt/whiplash 

Drunk bitch: somehow only a dislocated shoulder and some bruising.

When the victims arrive the baby is the first to be worked on. The baby isn't breathing on its own so the entire staff minus 2 are working on them. 1 doctor checks on the 5 year old who for the most part is ok and one nurse works on the minivan driver who is in bad shape but stable.

One nurse quickly checks on the drunk bitch but determines she's ok and goes to help with the baby. This is where she goes from just being a bitch to being pure evil.
The drunk bitch apparently starts yelling at the doctors/nurses that she's in pain and needs to be seen NOW and she wants pain medication. One of the doctors tells her she's fine and they need to focus on the baby who is near death. The woman doesn't care and wants her pain meds. (She can't have any anyways because she's drunk.)

 Over the next 20-25 minutes my mom and the doctors desperately try to save the baby while the lady (who is handcuffed to a stretcher in the hallway because all the other rooms are full and is under arrest) is screaming at them the entire time that she wants no be seen and wants drugs. "You all don't have to work on them someone come help me". 

Unfortunately the baby did not make it. This was very hard for the staff to accept and my mom along with one of the other nurses starts crying. It's at this moment the lady screams something to the affect "ok the baby's gone now can someone come help me now?" My mom is a very professional person that treats her patients with respect even when they don't deserve it but in this case she just loses it. She runs up to the lady (who is still handcuffed to her stretcher because she's under arrest for dui) and grabs her by the hair. She drags the woman by her hair still attached to the stretcher into the baby's room and makes her look at the baby she had killed. The lady tries to look away but my mom starts screaming at her "LOOK WHAT YOU DID. YOU KILLED THIS CHILD. THATS WHY WE WERENT HELPING YOU. WE WERE SAVING THE BABY YOU KILLED. LOOK AT THEM. LOOK AT THEM!"

At this point the security and police remove my mom from the room to calm her down. She's sent home and immediately suspended from her job. They seriously considered firing her but all the doctors in the hospital stood up for her so she was just suspended from for 2 weeks without pay and had to take some sensitivity class instead. The lady that caused the accident ended up being an illegal immigrant and spent 5 years in prison before being deported. I wish I could end this story on a happier note but nothing about this story is happy. Ending this story with the image of this bitch being dragged by her hair thru an emergency room with a dislocated arm is the best I can do.

Edit: spelling and added a little more information

Second edit: omg thanks for the silver. I never expected this post to get so much attention./nAbout three months ago, we had some new neighbors move in, and they started a daycare out of their home. The kids really haven't been as much of an issue as I was expecting, aside from some occasional noise. 


The parents, on the other hand... Oh god, the parents. 


It started with this one dude, let's call him Jim. Jim liked to park in our driveway. Not really an issue at first, he was usually only there for a few minutes, and my housemate works in the mornings so his car isn't there. However, housemate switched to evening shifts about a month in, and his beat-up crown Vic proudly took up his half of the driveway. 


Jim did not like this, no he did not. There was a crown Vic, in his parking spot! So he honked and he honked, made lots of noise. Much to the shame, of his two young boys. 


Now, me, not being fucking insane, went outside to go see who was honking out front of our house at 8am. Cue this exchange:


Jim: You're in my spot. 


Me: This... Is my driveway? You can park in the street if you need to drop off your kids. 


Jim: Don't tell me what to do. Move your car. You're in my spot. 


Me: Alright, hold on, my keys are inside. 


At this point, I went inside and told my housemate what was going on, since he'd blearily stumbled out into the living room in naught but his tartan pants to see what all the ruckus was about. About a minute went by, and Jim, the patient and considerate soul he was, began honking again. Housemate and I decided to ignore him, and make oatmeal. After a while, the honking stopped, and we assumed that was that. 


Oh, how wrong we were. 


Two days go by, with no sign of Jim. Our neighbors brought us an apology pie, which was delicious. They'd apparently told him not to park in our driveway when he'd started doing it, but he told them we said it was fine. We had never talked to him before the first incident. 


Day three, I am again awoken by the delightful noise of honking. I look outside, it's Jim. My neighbors come outside and start talking to him, he's still honking. Kids see what's about to happen, exit stage left. I come outside, along with housemate, who is again in only tartan pants. 


Jim: YOU honk NEED honk TO honk GET honk OUT honk OF honk MY honk SPOT honkhonkhonk


Housemate: nope. Not today, crazy. 


Jim: honhonkhonkhonkhonk


Housemate: I'm gonna call the cops, zombiemicrowave. 


Me: Tell them to bring a straightjacket. And a fancy padded van. And maybe a towtruck. 


Jim: Your pants make you look like a f****t. 


Housemate: Only when I'm sucking dick! 


At this point, Jim had at least stopped honking. You'd think he was trying to seduce a goose. He flipped us off, and drove away, which was hysterical since we live in a cul-de-sac and he had to do an awkward 3 point turn before  leaving. The police sent a squad car, and we gave them what information we had, they also talked to the neighbors as well as doing a wellness check on Jim's kids, who mostly just seemed embarrassed. They offered to send someone out the next morning, and we agreed since we were tired of the noise. (Sidenote, the officer said my housemate's pants were "pretty sweet".)


The next day, Jim showed up, in his ugly sedan. He sat in his car, and the honking began. But this time, what joy! Justice prevailed. Jim got arrested, and now has to pay bail. 


Turns out he had a warrant out for his arrest for something else, I heard he assaulted a cashier or something but I'm not sure how true that is. Mom picked the kids up from daycare, and she did not demand to park in our driveway. We haven't seen them since. I know he's out of jail since the cops told us to call them is he shows up and does his goose impression again, but so far no sign of him. 


Tl;dr: Dude decides our driveway is his and proceeds to make an ass of himself and get arrested. 


Edit: [The pants.](https://i.imgur.com/rC6o9Sl.jpg)/n 

cross post from entitled people.  Tl; Dr at the bottom.  

Please note that this story can't be considered petty revenge because I wasn't the target of malice here and even though this man didn't direct his bs at me at the time he really seemed entitled enough to meet the criteria. I just wanted to clarify this just in case.

Time to begin.

Right now I'm feeling proud of myself for doing something wild. This last weekend I and my wife decided to visit her family. They live in a much larger city than we do, and we go now and again to break up the monotony. On Saturday my wife and her sister wanted to go shopping at one of the larger malls in the area. Not wanted to do nothing alone I tagged along.

At some point, while listening to their girl talk I decided to grab a bite, so I told my wife and headed to the food court. At this point, the lunch rush was still going on so the place was fairly packed. I decided on Chinese food, a place I had been to before so I trusted that the food was good. So I got in line to wait like anyone else. This particular restaurant was pretty simple, it had four cashier lanes and grills behind it where you could watch the cooks make your order while you wait, but being a Chinese place it took longer than the typical fast food place so the lines were moving slowly.

While waiting my phone died, (I simply forgot to charge it earlier.) so I started people watching the crowd to avoid getting bored. Nothing out of the ordinary until I noticed ED with two boys a little bit ahead of me in the line next to me. The two boys maybe around 11 and 9 must have been getting impatient because they would periodically start to screw around or bug ED. Occasionally pushing each other around or asking when they would have food. ED looked like he was growing more agitated by the minute. Every time he had to turn to deal with these two his face grew redder and redder. Understand dear reader that this was a busy loud area and they weren't being super loud so they didn't really attract attention yet. I did, however, have to turn away now and again to avoid being noticed though.

The trouble started when ED finally reached his turn. The girl politely did the usual and asked him for his order, but instead of just ordering ED started to complain, mainly about how long he and the two boys were in line for. She did her best to be polite but he just kept going for a few minutes. By this time the gentlemen behind the trio was also getting annoyed, he noticed me and gestured to ED with the "you gotta be kidding me look", so I just responded with a shrug. As far as I knew he wasn't wrong if ED was in such a hurry why not just get your food and be done with it.

Eventually, the girl at the register was able to get the order. I was now second in place in my line and right next to the two kids by this point. I could hear the angry ED go into a tirade about the performance of the restaurant and insist that if it wasn't for his kids wanting it they would have gone to a better place. About how said Japanese place was better but because it was currently closed they had to suffer through this. ED even started to insult the poor girl behind the counter, the gentleman behind ED and the two boys tried to tell ED off telling him they are just doing their best but ED shot back with the typical "I'm a paying customer so I can do what I want excuse" and kept going. The girl was obviously growing upset as ED was bullying her and I could see tears start to form in her eyes. ED just wouldn't give her a break. The gentleman behind the trio was also looking like he was getting ready to throw punches.

At this moment I thought that I really wanted to do something but I didn't want to get into a fight, even if I had back up or ended being the back up for someone else. That's when I noticed it. ED was wearing cargo shorts, the kind that never seems to fit right. I thought for a second and found an alternative idea. I found myself just reacting and the whole thing took only a few seconds. I stepped forward in between ED and the two kids, grabbed both side loops of the seat of his pants and yanked as hard as I could. WIthout stopping I immediately ran for it. I had to push through a lady in the last line but I made it. I heard a lot of screaming behind me but not wanting to get pummeled by an angry ED I didn't even look back.

I ran to the other side of the mall where my wife was still shopping with her sister ( I knew my wife enough to predict what stores they would be in). I felt safe enough in a girls clothing store next to my wife, so after I caught my breath I just starting laughing. My wife asked WTF and I just told her I would tell her later. I didn't want to spoil their shopping so I spent the rest of the time keeping an eye out for an angry ED. I did spot them at one point, now with a blonde lady and a little girl in tow but that was it. I was lucky enough to avoid them. When we decided to go eat the lunch rush was pretty much over and I just had to know.

I went back to the Chinese place and luckily the young girl was still there so I purposely waited behind an extra person for a chance to talk. When I got the chance I asked her what happened to ED. She told me that someone yanked his pants down mid-tirade, the guy who did the deed took off but ED couldn't catch him because the gentleman behind ED took the opportunity to push ED flat on his ass. The gentleman just insisted that he was trying to catch the culprit and missed. LOL. Than ED being the official center of attention just grumbled for the rest of the time, he got his food paid and sat down on the opposite side of the food court somewhere. I wanted to laugh but Just in case I never told her it was me who did the pantsing even though I really wanted to so I just took my order and joined my wife and her sister for lunch. I told my wife later and we had a laugh, she scolded me for pulling such a stunt but was proud of me for finding such a funny method for helping the cashier.

Right now I'm still beaming about it and wanted to share on Reddit. 😁

Tl;Dr:  I spotted an entitled Dad bullying a cashier while waiting in line and decided to embarrass him in the best way possible./nHello fellow redditors,

I'm French-American and live near Paris. A few months ago I had to renew my American passport because the old one had expired. It was the first time I had to renew it since I turned 18 (am 20 when this story happened), so I decided that I would go to the American Embassy (or Consulate, I'm not sure which one it is exactly) without my mother for the first time (she's American), to get things done on my own like a big boy. Usually hanging out with my mother in any public place means people immediately learn that we're Americans, seeing as we usually speak english when there isn't too many people and speak french in big crowds out of respect for the people around us, but her thicc accent usually rats us out as Americans. Anyways since she didn't come with me that day, it meant that people wouldn't automatically assume I was American (important for the rest of the story).

So the day of the meeting I show up at the Embassy, 15 minutes before the time of the meeting as instructed, and the line to get in is a MESS. There are two TSA checks, one outdoors and one indoors. In between the two the line of people is orderly, but before the first TSA check everyone was just bunched up and participating in the Hunger Games in order to get in before everyone else. When I got there I phoned my mother, anxious that I would be late for my meeting. She told me to just go to the TSA agents and tell them I had a meeting bla bla bla... when I hung up the french people around me told me that Americans had been called forth earlier, so I got to skip the first line by just waving my passport in the air. Turns out, having an American passport at the American embassy makes you a VIP ! 

So I'm waiting in line for the second TSA check, and I'm waiting for the TSA agent to call me into the building. As I'm waiting, I hear commotion behind me : some lady (EM) is pushing everyone aside, yelling "I'm American I have priority let me through !". She had a fivish year old boy with her. As she gets to my level she tries to push me aside, yelling "I have to get my boy his passport". Now, that woman was 5 feet tall with her arms up, and I'm 6 feet tall and, though I'm not very heavy (145 pounds) I don't budge easily. She looks at me in shock, as if I had killed her son or somewhat, and shouts "How dare you ! I'm American, I have every right over you here, now let me pass !" I had all my papers out in my left hand, and my current passport at the time was underneath it so she couldn't have known I was American. The TSA agent gestures to me to come forth, and EM starts cutting in front of me telling her boy "come on (son's name) we can finally go in" and yanks his arm. I gently but firmly grab her by the shoulder, stop her in her tracks and move forward. She looks me dead in the eye and says "what is wrong with you ? I should go first, I told you I'm American !" As she says so, I pull my passport from underneath my papers, wave it to her face, and say "well so am I, bitch !" That's when one of the TSA agents from the first control post came to take her back to the start of the line. As I entered the building, I shouted back : "enjoy the line with the French people!!" And proceeded with the protocol.

Long story short : don't fuck with people based on their assumed nationality, you might get a surprise 

EDIT : I've seen in the comments that people think my mother is from some rootin' tootin' part of Far West America because I said she had a thick accent. What I meant by that is that she had a very noticeable accent when she speaks in FRENCH (she can't make certain sounds like the french "r" for example, even though I can't hear it because I grew up hearing it all the time).

EDIT 2 : All the dialogues took place in english. Just because she assumed I was French, I didn't want to assume that she could understand it, so even when I nagged her I spoke in english  /n 
Edit: thanks so much for the silver award! 



So a bit of background: I have been a scout leader for about 2 years at the times this happened. With this comes a lot of dealing with parents and of course children.

This happened about 3 years ago.

EM sent the beaver leaders an email, to ask us if we could move her daughters scout meeting(keep in mind, 20 other kids will be at this meeting) to another day. The reason being that her daughters school had a dance on the Wednesday night.

Me and my 2 fellow leaders found this a really strange request, but we emailed EM back. Told her politely that, no we could not move the meeting since a lot of other kids would still be attending the meeting in spite of going to the same school. Besides we would not be able to move it, since all the leaders are students and work on a volunteer basis.

An hour later maybe I receive her reply. She is livid! Going on about how scouts is supposed to be for everyone and how we are terrible people for not moving the meeting for her kid. We just replied that we were sorry and left it at that. EM never replied.

Mayber 3 months later EM sends us another mail, this time asking us to move a scout camp to another weekend, because there was a father and child trip arranged by the school that weekend. Again we replied that we would not be moving it, since every kid except EMs kid had been signed up for the camp. Mom got pissed again, but we didn't reply.

Later we got an email from EM ex husband signing their kid up for the camp, and he volunteered to come along and help us out with cooking and stuff./nSo you guys blew up the stories with F. And while I love it, it also caused one small issue. We previously mentioned B (F’s brother). Well he let EM know about the stories, since it was #1 trending on EP and he saw it. It didn’t go well. I haven’t been posting on Entitled Parents because my stories didn’t fit there, but this one takes the cake for EM losing her shit. And it’s all been within the past 2 days. 

So I woke up yesterday to a message on my phone from F. The conversation went like this. 

Message from F: Run. 

Message from Me: Funny. What’s up?

Message from F: You know my brother has Reddit right? 

Pause. Crap. I knew where this was going. I messaged her back, preparing for the worst. 

Message from Me: What’s a Reddit?

Message from F: He showed mom the stories. 

Message from Me: How hard is it to get a fake passport under the name Viole. 

Message from F: Too hard. Come over. 

Message from Me: Uhhh not in a million years bud. 

Message from F: Stop calling me bud. You gotta come like now. She wants to talk to you or we won’t be able to hang out here anymore. 

Frick. Frack. Choke on a tic tac. I was screwed. So I did what any normal teenag...wait no they wouldn’t. They’d probably run screaming to Canada, according to you guys in the comments. I did what my stupid self would normally do and got dressed. I dressed kinda classy, in a button up with black jeans. Didn’t wanna seem like a total hoodlum who tried to ruin their lives. 

So I was not walking to F’s house. (Since then she moved. She wasn’t within a 20 minute walking range anymore, but also wasn’t so far I couldn’t drive there myself. I’m also old enough to do that now so woohoo). I pull up to her house and there’s only one car there. Phew. No ED, thank the Lord. 

When I knock on the door, EM answers instead of F. RED FLAG GUYS. F always answers when she knows I’m coming over. Time to skedaddle. But before I can pull off the fastest 180 and run you’ve ever seen, she sweetly offers me a glass of tea. My first thought is “POISON”. But then I realize she wasn’t gonna murder me. There was no reason behind that thought, I just realized people don’t murder other people too often for something this small. So I accept the tea and we sit down. She starts off a very...very interesting conversation. 

EM: So I heard about your stories. 

Me: Yeah. I figured. 

EM: So now millions of people think I’m a total psycho?

Hold up I ain’t that popular guys. Barely a few thousand people saw this story. But she couldn’t have know that. 

Me: Not that many at all. The story only got seen by a few thousand people, and I didn’t use anyone’s names. Not even my own. (For clarity I am Sir Issac Newton of the Knights Of The Round Table, so stop asking for my name. That is it now.)

EM: That’s a lot of people. My son told me people were even paying you for them. 

Oh for god’s sake no one payed me. I got a god and platinum vote. Love that, and really appreciate it guys <3. But what happened next was the only negative result. 

Me: Kind of. They just gave me awards on Reddit for them. 

EM: Well how much did you make? 

Me: No real money, just 800 coins on Reddit. 

EM: Well then you owe me $800, right?

HAHAHAHAHAHAHHHAHAA NO YOU PSYCHO BITCH. I didn’t say that, just to clarify. 

Me: What?! No! That’s not even close to $800!! It’s like $10 at most!

EM: You think I don’t know how USD work? What did you do with the money? I’m sure you spent it by now since you’re a teenager. 

Bish I have a savings account. It’s almost empty BUT THATS NOT THE POINT. I’m responsible...ish. 

Me: I don’t have any real money. It was in the form of coins on Reddit. 

EN: How long will it take to transfer those to your bank account?

Sorry for the small monologue after every word she says but what? Does this woman understand the internet?

Me: It can’t be transferred. It’s not an actual currency. I can just give people Reddit Premium with it (By the way I used every coin you guys gave me to randomly award people who commented on the story silver and gold, so thanks guys!) 

EM: Well can’t you just call them and ask for a refund?

Me: But I didn’t pay anything for them. They were gifts!

EM: So give then back and get the $800, it’s more useful and you have to give me or F some since we basically earned it. 

HOLD ON WHAT. ALL YOU DID WAS HARASS ME LADY. 

Me: Thats not how it work. Im sorry but I can’t give you any money. It doesn’t work like that. 

EM: Well B says you have 250k followers, so just put ads or something and give me the revenue for a while. I’ll even get a legal contract if you want. 

One. No I don’t. Two. Reddit doesn’t work like that. Three. Why are you treating me like an adult now when you’ve been trying to force me into dating your daughter for years? It’s time for me to retaliate and yell at you...is what I would’ve done if I was anyone else. But positivity guys!

Me: I’m sorry. I have like 1.7 thousand, nowhere near 250k (which was true then, you legends). And you can’t put ads on Reddit. So I’m not going to be able to help you. 

EM: You know what, its early. You’re not thinking straight. Go hang out with F. I’ll get you and my lawyer together later and we can discuss compensation for this whole fiasco. Don’t make this any worse than it is OP. 

THREATENED. I gladly agree and go to F’s room. She smiling like an idiot because she heard the whole thing. We hang out and have a great time for like five hours before I have to leave. I remember the first sentence she said to me before I walked into her room...”Is this going on Reddit?” 

So I’ve gotten a few messages from EM asking for a time and place this week. We decided on a Chile’s near my house at 6pm on Tuesday. I’ll keep you guys updated on what happens from here. Also sorry I uploaded this so late. F didn’t like how I originally made it, and didn’t want her mom to seem like a complete psycho (too late bud). I’ll update you guys either really late tomorrow or early Wednesday. Take care and have a great night everyone!/nHi guys!

Before I start: I’m from Germany and this story took place there. Please keep that in mind, because a) our laws might be slightly different and b) English isn’t my first language and if I misspell things or my gramma is wonky that’s why.

So, in the earl 2010s I was trying on sneakers in a shoe store down town with my purse lying next to me on the floor. I’m both blind and deaf on my right side - brain surgery gone wrong, but I’m ok considering the circumstances - and so I didn’t even really see the teenager who sneaks up, grabs my purse and starts booking it out the store. If he hadn’t started running, I probably wouldn’t even have noticed he had taken my bag lol. Without really thinking I start after him and - since I was wearing new sneakers from the store - a store clerk runs after me.

The kid makes it about 200 yards before I catch up with him. Now, I didn’t try to tackle him… I just wanted to grabbed him and we lost our balance. Poor guy tries to catch his/our fall with me on top of him (he was maybe 150ibs, I was maybe 185ibs) and there’s a sickening crunch - text book Galeazzi Fracture.\*

I instantly feel horrible for the chap and try to see what’s wrong (I used to work as an EMT)The clerk from the shoe store is standing there staring at us, trying to figure out what just happened. Kid’s clutching his arm and trying to act tough. He might even have tried to get back up and keep running, but there were too many people around us now and he changed his mind. I ask for an ambulance to be called. But it’s the police who show up first - called by the store - and ask what happened. I explain. The store clerk explains. A few witnesses chip in.The police asks if I want to press charges and I say something like ‚I think he’s been punished enough‘

Forward about a month. In short succession I get two letters: One’s informing me that the police is looking into a battering charge against me. The second is a summons into court and can’t believe my eyes: I have been sued by the purse snatcher for „damages for pain and suffering“. (Schmerzensgeld, they wanted something around €8.000 for the broken wrist)

Luckily I have an awesome lawyer, who is also my cousin, and we appear in court\*\* at the appointed time.While we wait for the case to be called the kid sits on a bench, his arm in a brace, looking a bit sheepish. Next to his lawyer (a young guy and henceforth lawyer1) stands his mother, glaring daggers at me. We get called inside and lawyer1 starts to elaborate in great detail how I threw myself on top of the kid while he was on the ground and so caused his injury, which in turn took surgery to fix. It’s hard for me to keep quiet\*\*\* but I bite the inside of my cheek and hold my tongue.

Once lawyer1 is done my cousin gets up and the first thing she does is inform the judge that the injury was caused during a crime, explaining about the purse snatching. The judge pauses, looks at lawyer1 and asks if he was aware of this. He says yes, but that it shouldn’t matter because in their view I caused the injury deliberately and therefor the circumstances should not matter. As long as I wasn’t defending my health, I had no right to injure a child.\*\*\*\*

Judge has two questions: Were there witnesses and why were there no charges filed against the thief? My cousin produces statements from witnesses, the first police report of the incident and the documentation about the suspended investigation about whether or not I should be charged for battering. She also informs the judge that the police had followed my wish in not filing charges for the theft and explains that I felt the kid had suffered enough due to his injury.

This is where EM makes her first big mistake: she interrupts my cousin before she can finish and says something like „Obviously she (meaning me) was afraid she’d get in trouble for what she did to my poor child! And the police did not do their job properly!“ Lawyer1 tries to shush her and apologizes to the judge saying his client is ‚clearly in emotional distress over her child’s injury.‘ Her "poor child" (he was 17) meanwhile sits in his chair behind lawyer1 and EM and looks like he’s trying to disappear into the floor.

The judge, in an unusual move for a German court, asks the kid directly if he thinks I injured him on purpose. He sort of shrugs and right there EM makes mistake no2: „That fat cow (fette Kuh) threw herself onto my poor child when he was lying in the street! She should be locked up!“

Now, in Germany you can’t just say rude things like ‚fat cow‘ to someone - even if they’re true, at least the ‚fat‘ part lol. Especially not in court.My cousin turns around to me and silently mouthes „Wow.“ There’s even a murmur of reaction from the three or so people sitting in back of the court (many court proceedings are open to the public in Germany)

The judge looks at EM, who is again being shushed by lawyer1, not quite as gently this time, and who stage whispers ‚it’s true!‘ (“Ist doch wahr!“) When all is quite again judge waits a few more seconds just glaring at EM, teacher style. Then the judge looks that lawyer1 and asks „Do you want to proceed with this nonsense?“ Before lawyer1 can say no (it would have made the court costs cheaper, I think) EM says „Yes!“Judge nods, declares the case dismissed, orders all costs, court and both lawyers to be paid by the claimant and then turns to me and asks if I want to file charges for libel (Beleidigung). My cousin nods enthusiastically. So I say „yes?“

Judge announces she’d speed things up and asks lawyer1 if he’ll be representing EM. He nods - EM seems to have lost the plot and keeps asking him what’s going on. Before lawyer1 can even explain to her what’s about to happen the judge makes it official and awards me €150 in damages and again decides that all cost and lawyer costs should be carried by EM.

My favorite thing about this: my lawyer is my cousin and she wouldn’t have charged me more than absolutely necessary. But she’s also working in a prestigious law firm with four partners, who rake up a combined six Phds, and which is NOT cheap. I don’t remember the exact amount, EM ended up getting billed with, but it was a good chunk.

Thanks for reading!

\*It’s a wrist injury with a dislocation and fracture of the ulnar.\*\*This was the hearing for the damage claims; the investigation by police and prosecutor had already concluded that I had not caused the boy’s injuries on purpose and been suspended\*\*\* In German court is mostly just the lawyers talking to the judge and us mere mortals only speak if and when we get asked a question\*\*\*\* He’s not completely wrong about that given our laws and I even agree with him: stealing a purse should not give someone permission to do you bodily harm on purpose/nThis story happened back in December, just after the colleges let out for  the winter. I'm a teacher and my GF is a grad student, so when she was  done for the semester I took a few days off from work and joined her for  a vacation down to Virginia, where her parents live. It was the first  time I was going to meet the whole family, and this is looking like a  pretty serious relationship that might go All...THE...WAY!

We flew there from Newark on the United Express service, which is  essentially a tiny tin can of an airplane where tall people can barely  stand up. The seats are arranged two on one side and one on the other.  Going there, we booked a two-seater together and the flight went off  without a hitch. The trip was great - her family and I got along, we visited Busch Gardens and Virginia Beach, and I ate an unhealthy amount  of Mongolian Barbecue. But unfortunately, I had to fly back alone - she planned to stay a few weeks with her parents before school started again, and I had to get back to work on Monday.

I don't like flying, and I especially don't like flying solo. I'm not a great sleeper at the best of times, so sleeping on a plane is out. I booked myself a single seat on the left for privacy, brought a decent  amount of reading material, and assumed I would just be able to keep  myself distracted for the 90-minute flight. Or so I thought.

&#x200B;

Cast:

Me: Tired of these MFing Karens on this MFing plane

EM: Horrid Beast who doesn't understand how planes work

TK: Tired kid, around 8. Was really fine, slept through most of this.

FA: Flight Attendant. Does not get paid enough for this.

OM: Old Man. Slept through most of this. Provides a key cameo.

&#x200B;

So I've settled into my solo seat near the front of the standard seating,  and the old man behind me has popped a few pills and immediately  followed asleep. I'm distracting myself with magazines when I hear a  bellow of "It'll fit just fine!". EM storms into the plane, pulling TK  with one hand and an oversized wheeled suitcase with another. She proceeds to huff and puff while shoving it into the overhead compartment, despite all of us being told that baggage space is limited  and we should check all hard suitcases. She eventually crams it in, sits down with TK, and the flight takes off. As soon as we get going, I turn on my overhead light and get back to reading.

About five minutes later, I'm snapped out of my distraction.

EM: Sir? SIR!!!

Me: Yes?

EM: You need to turn your overhead light off. My daughter and I are trying to sleep.

Me: Sorry, but I want to be able to read during this flight. It's only 6:30.

EM:  ExCUSE me? I'll have you know my daughter and I have been traveling all weekend. We're both exhausted and the least you can do is be a little accommodating! You're the only person on this flight with their light on!

Me: (looks around. It's true) Well, sorry about that, but I can't really sleep on flights. I need this light.

EM: Okay, that's enough of that.

She gets up out of her seat and quickly turns my light off, then sits back down with a smug smirk.

Me: (quickly turns light back on) Do not. Touch my light. Again.

EM: Oh really? We'll see what the AUTHORITIES have to say about this!

With another of her trademark smirks, she hits the flight attendant call button about five times in a row. My butthole immediately clenches - I'm  not a white dude (Moroccan Jewish, to be exact) and any interaction with authority figures makes me nervous. But this is so absurd I decide to see where it goes. I get back to reading as we wait for the flight  attendant to get there. She shows up, a young woman who looks like she's had a long day. It's about to get longer.

FA: Can I help you, ma'am?

EM:  Yes you can. This HORRIBLY RUDE MAN won't turn off his overhead light,  even after I told him how tired my daughter and I are! We have to fly to Cleveland tonight after this flight, and I think we deserve a little peace!

FA: Well, ma'am, everyone can use their light as they want, but let me see what I can do. (turns to  me) Sir, would you mind turning out the light so she can sleep?

Me: Sorry, like I told her - I bought a solo seat so I could read.

EM: Just tell him to turn it off! He has to do what you say!

FA: Ma'am, we have blindfolds that you can use for you and your daughter to block out the light if you want -

EM: Those are probably filthy!

FA: No, they're individually wrapped and -

EM: Why are you making this so hard? Just make him turn it off!

FA:  (to me) Sir, would you be willing to move seats so she's not bothered?  We have some empty seats there. (Points to a seat near the back next to another man)

Me: I'm catching a train after I get off and I don't like the idea of being at the back, sorry.  Especially as (pointed look upwards) some people are likely going to be  taking a while to get their luggage out.

EM: How DARE YOU? You look like you belong in the back of the plane! Just get back there and stop bothering us!

(Now, I was kind of casually dressed and had a four-day beard, but we all  know what she really meant. My stubbornness and spite levels just went  up over 9000)

Me: Pass. Also, nice racism.

EM: You know what I meant, you punk! (to FA) Are you going to do something about this or not?

TK: Mommy?

EM:  LOOK WHAT YOU DID! I'll have you know TK has a spelling bee on Monday,  and you're depriving her of much-needed sleep! (To FA) Now YOU Go talk with someone with the authority to do something about this and get this punk out of my sight, or I'll have your job!

FA: (to me) Sir, it's not a long flight. Would you please -

Me:  I'm sorry, but I don't have a problem here. She does, and she's making this entire flight miserable. I don't think I should have to  inconvenience myself to make her happy.

Looking defeated, FA runs up to the front of the plane to talk to what I assume are the people in charge?

EM: (snarls at me) You're in for it now. You'll be on the No-Fly List after this!

Me: Lady, you're nuts. Get help.

Flight attendant returns and immediately turns to me. EM's eyes go wide with excitement.

FA: Sir, would you be willing to move up four rows? You'll be closer to the front that way, and it's another single seat.

(She doesn't say it, but I know this is the extra-legroom section that you pay a little more for)

Me: Yes, I think that's fine.

EM: Wait, HE gets a BETTER SEAT? Why didn't you offer that to us?

FA: There's only single seats available up there, ma'am.

EM:  This is ridiculous! He shouldn't get rewarded! He ruined our flight and when we get to Newark, I will be informing your boss and the authorities, so you both get exactly what you -

OM: (startles the entire flight) For God's sake, lady! SHUT UP! I'm trying to SLEEP!

She shuts up after that, and I move to my new seat. I wish I could tell you this was some luxurious first-class digs, but...this is a crappy short-haul flight in a tin can. I had maybe two more inches of legroom  and I got my half-cup of soda and my tiny bag of pretzels a few minutes early. But I was far away from EM. When the flight landed, I quickly grabbed my bag and got off, sneaking a look back as she held up the entire line trying to wedge her suitcase free from the tiny overhead  compartment.

We were about twenty minutes early to Newark, so I got a bagel before  catching my train. I get to see EM barreling past dragging the suitcase  and TK behind her, yelling that this airport is full of idiots and she  doesn't know where to find her connecting flight. She catches sight of  me at the bagel place.

EM: You're a horrible person and I hope you go straight to HELL!

Me: Good luck getting back to Cleveland! Don't come back!

And that was the end of the story of Karen the First, Scourge of Airplanes.  It ended without any police, property damage, or assault, but it  certainly did nothing to make me appreciate flying more./nThis happened when I was a kid, so I wasn’t told about the lawsuit until I was older. However, I remember the brat ass kids and EM. 

My grandparents and I had season tickets to our local hockey team for years. We sat in the same seats with many families who also had season tickets. The seats behind us went through several season ticket holders over the years. One season, the Beverly hillbillies sat behind us. 

There were 2 EKs who would run around the section just screaming. Mind you, we sat behind the goal and there was no protective net above the glass. Running around during play was not just rude but dangerous because of the pucks that frequently went above the glass. They would kick the seats and sometimes our heads. They would get massive pops and spill them half the time. EM didn’t pay any attention to her monsters and also had little regard to our personal space. Now the scene is set...

After her kids had kicked our seats one too many times that night, my Papa snapped and asked her to control her kids. 

EM: DON’T TELL ME HOW TO PARENT. THEY AREN’T HURTING ANYONE! CROTCHETY OLD MAN!

Papa: really? Because they kicked my wife and granddaughter’s heads several times this season. They’ve also spilled pop on my granddaughter’s coat. This isn’t a playground

EM: They are just being kids! You can just ignore them. 

We brushed it off because the kids stopped for a while. Papa was a pretty big guy with a harsh voice. 

EM stood up and began to fiddle with her coat. She ended wrapping Papa in her coat because it was a long coat and she stood right above him instead of standing above the empty seat next to him. Papa pushed the coat off of him, and EM lost her shit. 

EM: YOU JUST GROPED ME! HE TOUCHED MY BREAST! THROW HIM OUT!

Papa: oh bullshit!

Nana: how could he even reach your breast? He’s sitting in his seat, and you’re standing a row above us! 


EM: I felt it! Your husband is a perv!

The ushers saw the whole thing and escorted her and her kids out. They did not return for the rest of the season. My nana told me recently that EM sued my grandparents and the arena for assault and harassment.  She lost her case because there’s no way he could have reached her breast from his seat and there were witnesses. I hate when people like this lie about assault because it takes away from all of the people who actually have been assaulted smh

Edit: you make a comment about rape just being about women seeking attention or some bullshit like that, I’ll snatch your ass right out of the comment section. That shit’s not ok just like the rare false accusation isn’t ok. My grandparents wouldn’t stand for that bs and I won’t either/nThis literally just happened yesterday

I was at the pool with my auntie and four of my little cousins. At this said pool, there is a big pool, a medium kid sized pool, and a baby pool, all in-ground. My aunt was in the baby pool with my two baby cousins, and my two other cousins were in the medium pool. I was alone in the big pool swimming around.

Now, this pool has a rule, that any child under a certain height CAN NOT be in the big pool area, even under the guidance of an adult. There was some toddler who was running around the pool ledge, where he tripped on some sunglasses by the side of the pool and fell in. I was the only one who saw him, so I quickly swam over and picked the flailing, crying child out of the water.

He was sobbing, but I calmed him down and he said, "Thank you" Seemed like a super sweet kid. I wondered where the fuck his parents were, and why he was left alone in the pool area, which he shouldn't even be in. I asked him where his mom was and he showed me a lady who was tanning in a pool chair, not even paying attention to her child at all. I told her what happened and the conversation followed through:

EM: He fell in?

Me: Yeah, but I saved him, he's okay, why is he even-

she cut me off

EM: Well why did you take him out of the pool?!

Me: ...because he was gonna drown? Kids his size can't even be in this pool.

EM: He is trying to learn to swim, this would have been a great learning opportunity and you messed it all up!

Me: If I didn't do anything he would have drowned! Why weren't you watching him?

EM: He would've been fine if it wasn't for you! He was just playing around the pool!

Me: Well, kids his age can't even be in this part of the pool!

EM: What are you talking about? I paid to be here, he can go to whatever pool he wants!

Now, there were signs EVERYWHERE saying the rule of height and children, apparently entitled people can't read.

Me: \*Points to one of the rule signs\*

EM: Well, I never saw that! It isn't MY fault, these lousy lifeguards should have told me the rule!

I then reported her to the lifeguard and she was escorted out of the pool for harassment and neglect of her child, I guess. I then just went to the medium pool and chilled with my cousins, other than that my day was rather fun. have a nice day laddies.

EDIT: For anyone wondering, I'm female./nSo this happened 5 weeks ago and still recovering and my gf and family is fine with this being up on here. 

&#x200B;

I have a skin condition called eczema, it is where the skin gets too dry and sometimes swells up depending on what I eat and depending on the weather. My gf is fine with my skin condition as long the rash is not too severe. 

&#x200B;

cast 

me - find out youself 

gf- girlfriend

ep - entitled parent 

nk - nice kid

nd - nice dad

&#x200B;

It was my birthday at the time and I was hanging out with my family and my gf on a sunny day and my parents decided to invite some friends over for the day. I see my best friend, ND and EP. I met EP a few times but she hated why I have eczema during a conversation. Note that my skin was very sore and very red so I stayed inside to avoid my skin from being too hot. I told my gf that I was gonna stay inside and she was fine with that and she gave my company.

&#x200B;

When my family friends were over at my place I was worried that EP might do something about my skin condition since her husband is a doctor (she tried to pour boiling hot water on my skin). So I went to see if ND was there but then EP and NK appeared. I questioned where was ND and EP said that ND had some last minute stuff to do. 

&#x200B;

I head outside with EP and NK, NK (13 years old) played with my little bro (12 years old) and EK asked me why I didnt want to go out. I gave her a valid reason and still wanted me to go outside. I went out for around 10-15 min then went back in to get some stuff for NK.

&#x200B;

This is where things get serious. I call my gf to help me with the stuff for NK and told EP told her if she wants to help she is welcome to, EP said that she needed a break cause her arms were tired and I allowed it. I WAS WRONG

&#x200B;

A few minutes after I took a break 'cause my skin started to hurt a little from stretching my arms, then EP goes downstairs in to the mudroom and grabs a bottle. I thought she has gotten a bottle of water but EP happens to grab a bottle of bleach. EP comes upstairs, opens the bottle and purposely pours the bleach on my skin where there were small openings in my skin and where it was red. I was in so much pain that I started to sob. 

&#x200B;

GF - WTF was that for? He's in so much pain

EP - Oh I thought it would make him better

GF - What made you think pouring bleach on his skin would make him feel better?!?! HIS SKIN IS BURNING 

&#x200B;

At this point me and my GF were pissed. My GF drove me to the hospital and took me to the ER. After being checked up by the doctor my GF called my parents and called the cops too. Once my parents arrived EP, NK and ND arrived too. (ND works at the hospital) 

&#x200B;

EP told the cops that she happened to pick up the wrong bottle and accidentally poured it on me. At this point I wanted to beat the living shit out of her. Me and my GF told the cops everything that happened and I said I would like to press charges. ND arrives with his co-worker and happens to see his wife cuffed up. He questioned why she was cuffed up and I told the whole story. 

&#x200B;

ND gave me prescription cream to treat my wounds and he told my GF to look after me which was nice. I pressed charges and I have a court date in the next week or so.. I hope EP serves more than a year in jail 

&#x200B;

If your wondering, my arms still hurt a bit but still recovering and still treating my self with the cream. 

TLDR - I invited some friends and family to my b-day and ep pours bleach on me causing me to suffer and i pressed charges

Edit 1 made a few typos and thanks for the silver 

Edit 2 - Wow thanks for the support and I didn't know that my story would be this popular. I'll definitely update you after the court date. And for those people think this is fake, it isn't. It just hurts to see people say that it's fake which is not 

Edit 3 thanks for the platinum u/AlreadyWeirDasher/nHi everyone! This just happened to me, about an hour ago, and I couldn't help to post it here. 
I'm on mobile, so sorry for any mistakes.

GM: Grandmother
M: Mother
ME: some guy i met on the street

Our story begins on my school day. As I mentioned, I currently have a very big throat pain, I'm guessing I got it because of the cold winds here.

I would've stayed home because of the severity, but I had a very important test to do.
My lessons ended an hour short, as the teacher had also called in sick, and my bus didn't come until 2 hours later, so I called M to pick me up. She said she couldn't, and that my GM was near my school so she could pick me up.
Keep in mind, my school is 15km away from my house, so walking was not an option.
My GM agreed to pick me up, and only then did she find out I have throat pains.

"It's those damn vaccines! That's why you have all these pains, this is why you are always sick!"

I didn't know what to say, so I just had to stand her for the remainder of the trip.

She then attempted to make me speak, by making small talk in a very rude way.
Stuff like "Nice weather, huh? Too bad you can't go outside."

That's when she drove up to a supermarket, told me to wait in her car, drove to EXACTLY where the sun was shining, and parked her car. She then left, LOCKED HER CAR, and went in.
At that point, I had enough. I called M, told her what happened, and she came to my rescue immidiately.
She went in the supernarket, demanded GM open the doors, and began ruthlessly shaming her for what she did.

Then I got home, and had some cake.

EDIT:
I forgot to mention why I couldn't get out of the car.
I was located on the back seat, where bith sides were locked. It has those weird pull up things as locks, and they were completely in the locks, so I couldn't unlock them. I was also panicing as of now, so it did NOT occur to me that I could just climb to the driver's seat and unlock the car from there.

EDIT 2:
My GM just called me, crying. She said she was so sorry for what she did, and that she, in fact WAS off her meds. Turns out she ran out, and that's why she went to the supermarket (it has a medshop in it). 
I accepted her apology, and I hope you all can also forgive her for what she did.
Love you all, FTA ❤

EDIT 3:
gold  w h a t
thank you stranger/nI was told this belongs here

I have snakes as pets due to my passion for them, none of the snakes are venomous, only constrictors. My parents knew about my passion since I was little and while it took them a while to get used to it, they're now totally cool with my snakes. I keep the snakes in their enclosures in my room. However whenever my parents friends who have 2 kids 9(m) and 11(f) come over the mom always complains about the safety of their children. I have a rule that the kids can't go into my room because they always go through my stuff and ruin things. Their mom always talks shit to my parents like "why do you even allow her to keep snakes" "those aren't pets" "you should throw them all away" "you should tell her to move out how can you accept that", the dad is totally cool and even asked me a few times if he can hold the snakes. Now I have tried explaining the mom MULTIPLE TIMES that they cannot escape due to their enclosures, they could only escape if I wasn't paying attention and not closing their enclosures, and if they DO escape I have docile species that are constrictors NOT venomous that don't even bite and would just run away and hide because they'd be scared.

Yesterday they came over. When I went to the bathroom the kids went in my room, and I could hear the little boy yelling "MOMMY MOMMY COME CHECK THIS OUT!!!!" but I thought it was something random. When I came out of the bathroom I found the mom looking horrified at her children being amazed by my snakes. Of course I started smiling when I saw the kids paying so much attention to the snakes and being curious, it makes me happy when people don't have the "it's a snake so it must be bad venomous and kill me" mentality, but that smile soon disappeared when the mom started yelling at me. My parents came as well into my room to see what was happening. 

She kept yelling at me that her kids could've been in danger and how irresponsible I am and how could I keep snakes as pets and so on after the 1000+ times I explained her that my snakes are DOCILE and NOT VENOMOUS and it's not her business what I keep as pets and what my passion is. She kept yelling at me telling me shit and I was just looking at her like "what the fuck? what the fuck are you smoking?". After nicely explaining to her that her kids life was NOT in danger because the snakes couldn't escape she, still yelling, started telling my parents that I need to move out and how could they live with me. At that point I snapped and I started yelling at her that when I went to the bathroom I CLOSED my door and if anyone was at fault it was she because she didn't teach her kids to respect rules and since my parents AGREED to let me have snakes in their house it shouldn't be her problem. I never forced her to look at my snakes, I never force her to handle them and I never force her to listen to me explain the different type of snakes and all that because I know she is afraid of snakes so I never pushed this onto her, I would only tell her about my snakes when she would randomly talk shit about them. I grew up differently, when I was told no, it was NO. When I was told you're not allowed to go in there, I wouldn't. So I expect the same from her because she always talks about how great of a parent she is (she just lets the kids do w/e they want). 

She just called me an asshole and told me I need to get rid of my snakes or move out of my parents house, or else she won't be coming over anymore. When my parents and even her husband took my part she got super pissed off, took the kids and went home. I understood her concerns but she needs to understand that that is MY room and her kids shouldn't have come in there especially that my door was closed and they know the rule. I'm not ok with her allowing her kids do w/e they want. However I feel bad for the kids because they are curious and want to know more about the "worm dragons" as they call my snakes. The dad as I said it's totally cool and would love for the kids to know more about snakes other than "snake bad snake bit you die" mentality their mom is teaching them. 

The mom's been ignoring me and my parents and doesn't even talk with her husband because he took my part. I texted her and asked her that if she feels so UNSAFE when she comes over, why does she even keep coming over???


Edit: some of you wanted to see the sneks so here you go: https://imgur.com/a/3XxEww5/nEM- entitled Mum 
Kid- her kid
Sis- my little sister
Me- me (obviously)

Some context: I have a disability that causes me to have severe balance issues, along with muscle weakness and falls, and while I can still walk it’s unsafe for me to do so, so I use a wheelchair. 

One day I needed to go to the supermarket and decided to take my little sister (8) along with me. I don’t see her often as I live out of home so we made a day out of it, going to the to the biggest shopping centre on our side of town and had a great time. After having lunch in the food court she wanted to have a play in the playground they have, so with her sitting on my lap I pushed us over and she went in and had a blast. After about 15 minutes she fell over, and since my chair can’t fit into the playground, I removed my walking stick from its holder on the side and walked in to make sure she was alright. 

In enters the entitled parent. 

After getting my sis to stop crying by joking I’d have to eat her leg now that she’s landed on it (when I joke like that she giggles like mad). I turned to wobble back to my chair only to see it’s been moved. It was around 3 meters away from where I left it (right by the entrance where parents had left trollies/prams/etc.) and a child was sitting in my seat while her Mum spun the chair around. I made my way over and asked for my chair back when EM started on me. 

Me- “Hello, I need my wheelchair back, and you shouldn’t of taken it without asking.”

EM- “But you can walk”

I was so taken aback by that. Yes I could walk but I was obviously struggling to even stand. 

Me- “excuse me?”

EM- “you can walk, you don’t need it. You just want it.”

I was shocked. As she was saying this she was raising her voice and people where starting to look. I was firm and told her that while yes I can walk I can’t do so for very long and need my chair.

EM- “well what’s wrong with you then?”

Me- “none of your business”

EM- “you say you need the chair but you won’t even tell me what’s wrong with you.”

She said it as if I was the crazy one. She reluctantly got her kid off my chair so I put my stick away and sat back down. My muscles in my legs were agony from having to stand for so long so I pushed myself back to where my sis and I where set up to tried to forget what just happened and rest. As I was going she was loudly complaining about me to the people around her, claiming I’m lying about needing my chair because I can walk and that I’m just a “dole bludger”. 

I got my sis from the playground and left the food court as fast as I could. My sis was upset from the confrontation too so we went and saw a movie to calm us down (I think it was the Secret Life Of Pets we saw, she loved it). 

I’ve had people both confront me about walking and demand to know what’s “wrong” with me before but I’ve never had a complete stranger take my chair. Please treat people’s wheelchairs/walking sticks/walkers as an extension of their body and not something to touch without permission. Thank for reading!!

Edit: holy cow thank you all!!! And thank you the person who gave me gold!!!

Edit 2: damn!! I just woke up and this has gone off!!! Thank you everyone for the nice comments and sorry I can’t reply to everyone’s questions!!

Edit 3: I thought I’d add this here, a dole bludger is Australian slang for someone who claims welfare and social benefits (centrelink) when they’re either undeserving or just plain refuses to work. 

Edit 4: aaaaa fuck thank you Voicey and MiseryBox for featuring my story!!! I listen to reddit videos when I’m drawing and it spun me when I heard mine. Thank you!!!/nThis literally just happened and I'm actually shaking with rage and adrenaline to the point I'm having trouble typing but writing stuff down gets it out of my system so:

First up be warned, there WILL be salty language.

Backstory;

When I was diagnosed with my chronic pain condition my Doctor put me in touch with a couple of support groups based in my city. I became friends with a few members and, when one of them is having a flare up, I (or someone else who isn't flaring) will swing by and help out with chores and errands.

Cast;  EM; absolute nut job. CK; confused kids Me; sleep deprived ball of pure rage.

Sometimes when my condition flares up the pain in the joints in my feet will cause the muscles to cramp. Which pulls harder on the joints. Which causes the muscles to cramp harder which ... Look you're all smart folk, I don't need to tell you that this is not the greatest wake up call in the world.

After a bad night of this I finally got to sleep at around 0530.

At 0703 (I checked) there was a loud banging on my door.

Thinking it was maybe a postman with a parcel starting her rounds early I grabbed some sweat pants (My postie is really cute) and hobbled to the door.

Upon opening the door I find some estate-rat looking woman on my doorstep with three kids texting on her phone.

EM: Finally, I need you to look after my kids for a bit and then take them to school (all said fast, without even looking up from her smart phone)

AND SHE FUCKING TURNS AROUND AND STARTS WALKING OFF!!!

Me: WAIT!

EM: ugh!! What?

Me: Who are you?

Not kidding, never seen this bitch before in my life.

EM: FFS, I'm F's friend

Me: (Starting to wake up fast, because, well, shit) Okay, but why are you trying to dump your kids on me at seven in the morning? I don't know you OR them!

I'm genuinely starting to panic now.

EM: Look I know you do this for F all the time so just look after my fucking kids.

Me: No

She'd already started to walk off again but spins back around

EM: WHAT THE FUCK? YOU LOOK AFTER F'S KIDS ALL THE TIME SO JUST FUCKING LOOK AFTER MINE YOU FUCKING TWAT!!!!

Me: Still going to be a no. I occaisionally do favours for my FRIEND F, I don't even know you.

EM: rrrreeeeeeeeee (no actual clue what she was screaming here but she was actually spraying flecks of foam from her mouth)

Me: Now, take your kids and fuck off or I'm calling the police.

Closes door.

Takes deep breath.

Thinks all is over.

Of fucking course it isn't. (what even happens in these people's heads???)

Hammering on my door and screeching.

My door is half glass so I start to worry she's going to break it.

I grabbed the phone from the dining room, back to my poor abused front door. Opened the door.

EM: LISTEN YOU FU...

Sees phone.

Sees me dial phone.

Me: hullo? Police please.

EM: gathers up these poor fucking kids and scurries off.

So I made a cup of tea and came here to vent, and it's actually helped.

TL:DR EM tries to leave her kids with a half naked stranger at 7am.

&#x200B;

Edit: heard back from F, turns out EM lied to her and said that this was all sorted out days ago but she lost my address. I imagine EM is currently getting fucking reamed out by F

Edit part 2 (the Edit's revenge): Holy crap! I went out to run a pub quiz and you mad buggers have this up to almost 6k? Thank you so much. And big shout out to the lovely person that threw me a Silver. I really appreciate all of the kind messages as well.

Edit the third: She's Back! And this time it's barbecue! [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bk8e6x/if\_you\_wont\_take\_my\_children\_then\_you\_have\_to/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bk8e6x/if_you_wont_take_my_children_then_you_have_to/)/nThe title pretty much sums it up, but here’s the story:

Last year I worked at a theme park which was at the end of a very long cycle path which looped around the coast. Since the alternative route was an A road, most of us brought bikes and we ended up forming a little cycle club to commute in. One day we’re going along the path and I’m in front. A man stops and literally blocks me with his bike. I had the choice to either stop or swerve into the A147. 

“What the HELL?” The man splutters, and scoots his bike closer. I guess he was trying to square up to me but he looked like a penguin with haemerroids. Anyway, back to the quacking: “Get off that bike right now! You’re breaking the law, you selfish cow!”

One of my coworkers quipped, “What did you do this time, Sivvus?” 

This probably didn’t help the situation. 

The man ignores my coworker and keeps yelling at me, “My kid is cycling here! You’re putting him in danger!” 

Said kid is wobbling along on a trike but thankfully on the far side of the pavement. His dad isn’t watching the kid at all, so I’m not sure why his otherwise impeccable safety concerns didn’t apply to his kid being unwatched near heavy traffic. But what do I know. 

“It’s a cycle path,” I point out, “I’m allowed to cycle on it.” 

“No you’re NOT! Only children are allowed on here!” He fails to remove his arsecheeks from his metal irony machine, but I make a point of looking at it. He points at the 40mph lorries and buses driving past us. “You have to get on the road, or I’ll report you.” 

Coworker stops sniggering at me for long enough to find his voice, “You’re cycling on the cycle path too, mate.” 

This triggers an almighty glare: “I am looking after my CHILD. You don’t care that you’re putting him in danger, do you?”

At this we all burst out laughing. 

As I said, we all worked at a theme park... as ride operators. We spent 9 hours a day checking harnesses, giving safety talks, running safety checks and closely supervising children on our rides. We knew more about safety regulations than a paranoid hypochondriac in a herpes convention. But, of course, the parent doesn’t know why we’re laughing. 

He growls and *barrels* past me, knocking my bike right to the lip of the curb with me on it. His kid obliviously wobbles past us... once again, behind his dad. In the whole argument, the man hadn’t looked at his son once. 

For the rest of the season all of my friends teased me for cycling on the cycle path./nHello everyone! I’ve been lurking for a while, and finally got something to post! Please forgive any errors in my post, as this is my first time posting anything text related and I’m on mobile. I do also apologize for the embarrassingly long story, it’s just I like to be detailed.

So, usual cast overview time.

Me,

ET (Entitled Teen)

EM (The Entitled Mom)

AF (Art Friend)

CT (Cool Teacher)

So, quick little backstory/side info: This happened Friday last week, and I’m 15. I am a fledgling artist (do lots of sketches and a couple color attempts), but I’m one of the few artists in my school that openly does art, usually at lunch or once my work is done.

Now, story time:

It’s an average Friday in my school; kids are loud, classes are long, and I’m drawing. I go through my first couple classes like always, before I get to my third period. I open my backpack and set my drawing book on my desk, before I exit the classroom to use the restroom, not really worrying about anything.

When I get back... my book is gone. I look all around, ask a few students I know if they’ve seen it, but it doesn’t turn up. I then go throughout my day without it, attempting to figure out who could’ve taken it.

Eventually, it’s lunchtime, and I notice a group of about 10 kids crowded around something in the quad. Normally, I’d walk by without a thought, but I figured if it was something neat, maybe it would brighten my day. When I peer over the shoulder of the student in front of me, I blink once, then realize what’s happening.

A boy from my math class was showing off my drawings, and claimed they were all his own design. I almost shoved the other students out of my way, and stood in front of the boy, who smiled at me like I was there to admire “his” artwork.

“Those are mine.”

‘What?’

“Those drawings. They’re mine. I drew all of them personally.”

‘Dude, no you didn’t. I drew this... Talonflame myself.’

He gestured to the piece of art my best friend asked me to draw like it was nothing special. The other kids seemed to realize that our conversation was getting tense, and began heading to lunch.

‘Go away.’

“Not until you give me my drawings back.”

He continued to claim he was the real owner for a while, before I realized I had him with a few drawings.

“Flip to the tenth page. It has my name in pen on it.”

He did so (as he had erased my name from every other page) with a smirk, which faded when he saw my first and last name in black ink on the page with my drawing of a Suicune. (I really like Pokémon.) He then tried to leave, and I obviously tried to stop him, but lunch then ended, and a teacher told us to get to our separate classes. I was left fuming until the day ended, and when it did, I went to the front office to wait for the boy.

About five minutes after classes ended and most students were leaving, I spotted him. I caught him before he could leave the building.

“Give me back my drawings.”

‘I don’t know what you’re-‘

“Don’t play games with me, you shit. You have it, you saw my name, and I want it back. Give it back now, and I’ll tell nobody about this.”

He kept trying to weasel his way out of my grip (I had grabbed his arm), before a woman came up to me. ‘Excuse me, what are you doing to my son?’

“Miss, he stole my notebook from me, and I want it back. If he gives it back, I’ll leave him alone.”

She looked skeptical, before sighing. ‘You’re probably misunderstanding. I just got him a new notebook, so maybe it just looks like yours.’

I gave her a ‘really?’ look, before she gestured to her son. ‘Show him your drawings, so he knows it’s not his.’

I realized I had him because my name was on one of the drawings. He flipped through the drawings, and tried to skip the Suicune, before I put my hand on the page to stop him.

“That’s my name.”

‘Honey, that’s just his artist name.’

I literally just stared at her with a look of disbelief. ‘All artists have one.’

I then pulled out my Student ID and showed her my name. “See!? Spelled perfectly like my name, capitalization and all!”

‘It’s just a coincidence, that’s all.’ She also tried to leave, but I wouldn’t let go of her son or my book.

“Miss, tell your son to let go of my book, and I will let you two be on your way.”

‘It’s his book, you brat! Those are his drawings! You’re just jealous of his talent!’ She continued to raise her voice before CT walked over.

‘Hey, OP. What’s going on here?’

‘Oh, good. A teacher. This boy is trying to steal my son’s art book.’

“It has my f*cking name in it!”

Both recoiled at my language, then CT spoke. ‘Alright, calm down. Let’s get to the bottom of this. OP, why do you think this is your book?’

“Because it was stolen during math, which I have with this kid, it has my drawings in it, and it has my first and last name in it.”

‘Ok, good. Now, why is it your book?’

The boy and mother made a jumble of excuses that just ended up confusing CT. He took the book, and looked it over without opening it. ‘It has no name on it.’

“I forgot to put mine.”

‘I still don’t know if I can say it’s yours.’ (He had only seen my book from last year, so I don’t blame him) As he began to open it, arms wrapped around me. AF hugged me from behind. “Hey, AF.”

‘What’s happening here?’

The mother stepped forward. ‘This boy is trying to steal my son’s book!’

CT looked up from the first page. ‘Calm down, Miss. They just want to know what’s happening.’

‘They have no say in this! They will probably just say it’s his because they know him!’ CT looked at AF, who he knows I often draw with, and had an idea.

He flipped to a page with an incomplete drawing, and asked AF, ‘Have you seen OP drawing this?’

‘Yeah. He drew it in Lit, but didn’t finish.’

The woman opened her mouth, before AF turned to the page with my Suicune. ‘He also drew this for me last week. See, there’s his name.’ The boy seemed to be regretting his choices, while the mother seemed ready to explode.

CT remained calm. ‘Mystery solved. Here you go, OP.’ He gave me my book and turned to the mother as me and AF left to go to the library where we talked until our parents picked us up. I came back today (the next Monday), and wasn’t bothered by the boy at all.

TL:DR: Boy and Mother try to steal my drawing book, friend I draw with and Teacher come to the rescue.

(Once again, I apologize for the embarrassing length of my story.)

Side note: Yes, the boy got in trouble. He has several days of detention.

Edit: Included the TL:DR.

Edit 2: Made it more clear who was 
speaking.

Edit 3: Formatted. All credit for the formatting goes to u/Llyre

Edit 4: Obligatory thanks for Silver (seriously, thanks), and I have posted some of my drawings on r/pokemon as requested and will be putting more when I can. (Please don’t expect too much... I’m still a beginner...)/nI work for a company that services elevators. This includes calls from our clients as well as answering the emergency phones inside the elevators if people become stuck. 

95% of the time that we get a call from inside an elevator, it’s just kids or someone who hit the button by accident.  4% of the time we actually have someone stuck, and the other 1% of the time…

…it’s Karen. 

My phone rings, so I glance over to check which language I need to answer in and I see that it’s actually from inside an elevator.  I pick it up, thinking it’s another prank call, Find the address in my system, and prepare to say “Hello? Is there anyone there?” for about 30 seconds then go back to playing Stardew Valley on my phone.  

Not today. Today Karen had other plans. 

I quickly get out the standard intro and to my surprise; there is actually someone on the other end of the line. 

Karen:  “Hi. I need to speak to a manager or something?” 
(Yes she actually said "or something" with the inflection of a question) 

Now there is so much stupid packed into that one question that I am almost speechless. Let’s unpack the stupid shall we?

Stupid point 1- She is using an emergency elevator phone and wasting an emergency response line’s time to try to make a complaint. (I know I said I was playing Stardew Valley, but you’re on Reddit. Don’t judge me.)

Stupid point 2 – Her question doesn’t make sense. Does she want my manager? We have thousands of employees and dozens of offices.  Does she want the account rep for her building? Does she want the supervisor of the technician who handles her building? Does she want the manager of her local branch? Is this about a bill?  I don’t know what Karen wants and I am pretty sure I left my Nintendo switch at home, so it can’t be that. 

Stupid Point 3 – We cannot give or share ANY information to anyone who is not with building management.  In fact, anyone who is not with building management should not even know our phone number.  (At the time, I had no idea, but Karen has already been told this by building management, and does not know our number, which is why she is calling from the emergency phone)

Me:  Can I ask what this is regarding? 

Karen: No. Give me a manager. 

Me: Well, Karen. The problem is, we have hundreds of managers who manage different things. I need to know what type of thing you’re having trouble with so I know which manager to transfer you too.  

Karen: Uhhh….the manager in charge of elevators?

By now my spider-sense in tingling and I am opening up the building history.  Something stinks and it’s the all too familiar smell of Karen’s Bullshit.  

Me: Please hold while I get the manager of Elevators. 

I place Karen on hold to get her good and wound up before I make her feel stupid. 

Me: Hi Karen, Thank you for holding.  Before I put you through to the manager of elevators I just need to confirm, did you call us this morning to request a technician come to retrieve a phone dropped down the crack beneath the elevator door on the 9th floor?  

Karen: No? (She knows she’s busted)

Me: And at the time were you told to contact building management as we cannot dispatch a technician unless building management requests it, or we have someone trapped in an elevator?

Karen: No?? (She knows what’s coming next) 

Me:  And after that did you call again pretending to be trapped in the elevator with a baby in an effort to bypass building maintenance and get us to send a technician to the site?

Karen:  I can hear her starting to tear up. I was trapped in the elevator, and there was no ventilation and my baby was getting very hot, and I needed to get him to the doctor-

Me: I understand. Did you try dialing 911 while you were trapped? 

Karen: No, because I drop- (She was about to say she dropped it down the elevator, and was realizing she was about to get caught in a lie) -  It was out of batteries. 

Me: Please Hold. 

(I put her on mute, to get her even more wound up, go to the bathroom and come back) 

Me: Hi Karen, Thanks for holding.  

Karen: …

Me: Hi Karen, Are you still there?

Karen: I’m Here. 

Me: Okay great. I was worried I’d lost you.  Now, when the technician arrived he found that the elevator was still working and diagnostic showed no errors.  In fact in the 35 minutes between your call and the technician arriving the elevator was used 8 times, and that there is no record of anyone being trapped. 

Karen: Yes. That’s what he said, but he wasn’t there.  I was trapped for over an hour, with my baby who has a fever-

Me: Please hold. 

(Eat my sandwich. Chicken salad. I love my life) 

Me:  Hi Karen, Thanks for holding.  I just need to confirm, when our technician arrived to have you released from the elevator, were you waiting in the lobby and did you demand he retrieve your phone from the elevator shaft. 

Karen: Yes…

Me: And when he told you to contact building management to get the 900$ elevator pit retrieval fee approved, did you begin screaming at him to retrieve your phone immediately or you would get him fired? 

Karen: Well, I wasn’t screaming…

Me:  And when this happened, who was watching the baby? 

Karen : What baby?

Me: The one you were stuck in the elevator with that had a fever? 

Karen: Oh, she was upstairs. I put her down. 

Me: So you left an infant alone so you could yell at the technician?

Karen: Are you telling me how to parent my-

Me: Please hold. 

(Water my Blueberries in Stardew Valley) 

Me: Okay Karen, What I am doing right now I am putting a note in the system to have your phone retrieved free of charge from the elevator shaft…

Karen:  Oh thank you. Thank you so much.

Me: You’re very welcome. We will be retrieving it for you on the next scheduled maintenance day which will be within the next 3-6 weeks.

Karen: 3-6 weeks?!?!? You can’t send someone today?

Me: Sure, but first, you need to contact building management to call us and approve the 900$ elevator shaft retrieval fee, in addition to the 500$ fine for faking an emergency that you’ll be receiving from your landlord. 

Karen Hung up before I was able to transfer her to the Manager of Elevators.

I later spoke with building management, who was livid. Karen had originally spoken to them about the phone, however she refused to be billed for it, so management refused to make the call. Her baby wasn't sick. In fact it didn't exist, unless her baby is 4 cats.

I hope she isn’t too surprised in 3-6 weeks when she gets the shattered pieces of her phone back.


EDIT: Thank you for the 12 silver 3 gold and Platinum! Soon I'll have a netherweave bag!
Also edited out superfluous thank you edits./nI work for an airline

&#x200B;

Before we land the crew get an announcement from the flightdeck (F/D) to prepare the cabin for landing.. Generally about 10 mins before we actually land. When the crew hear this they make their own announcement to the passengers (PAX) to let them know to return to their seats and the toilets are out of use.. The crew then secure the cabin (make sure everyone is seated) then pass this to the flight deck to let them know its safe to land.

&#x200B;

So the f/d have asked the crew to prepare the cabin and the crew have made their announcement

&#x200B;

EM: stands up and moves towards the bathroom with her kid

Me: Sorry but the toilets are closed as we will be landing shortly

EM: My kid needs to have a quick wee.. we will be fast

This happens fairly often.. though parents know we will be landing at somepoint for some reason they assume their kid gets them extra time over everyone else.

Anyway we still have 5 mins before we land and the kid is like 4 years old so it should be fast so i allow them to quickly use the toilet on the condition that its VERY FAST.

&#x200B;

2 mins later i knock the door and say i need you to return to your seats now.

EM: (shouts) Dont rush me im on the toilet!

Me: (trying to be polite) Sorry you said it was your child that needed to use it but now u need to return to your seat!

&#x200B;

Our toilets are tiny how the fuck is she in there sitting down with her 4 yo..

&#x200B;

EM: Why are you bothering me while im in here i said i would be fast

&#x200B;

I look at my watch and we still have some time so i say "you have 1 minute"

&#x200B;

1 minute comes and i knock again

&#x200B;

EM: Leave me alone ill be right out

Me: Sorry this is now urgent you need to take your seats as i warned we are minutes away from landing

EM: I still have time to change him then!

Me: (inside WTF) Miss you need to open the door and return to your seat NOW!

EM: I haven't finished changing him yet!!!

&#x200B;

She opens the door to the toilet and her 4 year old (big kid) is on his back on the changing table shitty nappy on the side and naked from the waste down. (4 years is to old for nappies right? or am i just stupid)

&#x200B;

EM: Can you get me his other clothes from my other bag

Me: (fucking shocked)...

&#x200B;

So our planes are large but crammed with seats so the toilet is basically less than a meter away from the front row so all the PAX can see and hear this (prob smell it too at this stage)

&#x200B;

At this point i basically have to give up no way can i get them back to their seats if the kid is half naked ass caked in shit

&#x200B;

I phone the F/d and say we cant land just now as the cabin isnt safe.. (CPT is pissed at me) The entire first few rows of pax hear this and start shouting as it means like a 20 minute delay as we will have to go round.

&#x200B;

We finally get her back to her seat all the other passengers shouting at her.. She starts screaming at the other passengers to "Shut the fuck up" We have about a 15 minute wait before we can land again during which time everyone around the EM is shouting at her and she is going nuts screaming back at them (fun times)

&#x200B;

CPT decides to call security to the aircraft when we finally land and get to stand.. Makes PA asking other passengers to stay in their seats.. Security board aircraft and escort the EM off with her child (she is crying hysterically and still shouting at other passengers)

&#x200B;

the other pax when they leave are asked to give statements about what happend.. The EM has been given a NOFLY from our airline meaning her return flight was cancelled and ive been told by my line manger that the company supported by pax statements are pursuing her for the costs of the aborted landing.

&#x200B;

this is just one of many tales of ass hole parents on an aircraft.

&#x200B;

edits:

&#x200B;

Sorry about double Mother in title..

&#x200B;

We do regular announcements during the flight advising PAX how long till landing.. Its left up to the crew to decide when they do them.. Personally i do them 1 hour and then 30 mins before landing.

&#x200B;

NOFLY is for our airline only.. meaning she had to rebook with another for her return flight which as last minute would be super expensive.

&#x200B;

Spoke with some CPT's and got the general figure of around £3500/ $4500/ euro 3900 as the cost for the go around.

&#x200B;

the aircraft was an Airbus A319

&#x200B;

I didn't get in trouble for this as apart from physically restraining her (imagine how well that would have gone) I couldn't stop her getting into the toilet.

&#x200B;

Ive got a few more EM stories ill post another next week.. None as dramatic as this though!/nThis sub has gone from less than 20k subscribers at the beginning of the year to 300k in less than 2 months. Good job. 

Now go post your god-forsaken memes at r/entitledparentsmemes. Check out some of our affiliates in the sidebar. Get off reddit and go build a boat. /nA couple months ago my husband and I moved states and I started a new job at a physical therapy center in our new city. Since starting there everything has been going well, until Thursday.

A woman who's been going to the center for a few weeks after a serious surgery usually came by herself. Thursday however she brought her husband and four year old son. Apparently the husband normally works during the week and the boy goes to daycare, but today the husband had the day off and decided he wanted to see what his wife was doing every week. It's not unusual for a family to come in every now and then to watch their loved one's progress. 

I wasn't an active participant in this as I was with a patient, but the space was open and I could see and hear everything. The second this family walks in (or in the wife's case wheels in) the kid starts shouting "Ball Ball ball!" And all but sprints over to the large exercise balls. He tries to pick one up but it's too heavy so he just starts pushing them into each other and making them roll all over the room. Not good, strike one.

While the reception lady was checking the woman in she asked the husband to get their son as he was making a mess. To this the husband replied "He's fine, it's not hurting anyone." The wife told him not to argue and get the kid. He huffed but dragged the little boy away from the balls. At this he started having a tantrum. Strike number two.

The wife sighed but greeted her trainer and was ready to get to her routine. The husband was asked to stay in the waiting area with the kid, but could still see everything just fine, however he didn't like being told what to do, insisting that "I should be able to be with my wife. We came here to support her after all." This did not sit well with the reception lady and she insisted it was for safety, but the husband didn't care. During all the this the man is holding onto the boy who is still crying and trying to break free of his father.

"Oh come on, he's bored, just let the kid play, he won't bother anyone." Nope,not gonna happen. The reception makes it very clear that if the man let's his child into the work area he'll be asked to wait outside. The wife could hear her and shouted at her husband to stop being lazy. That was pretty funny. The man now embarrassed just sits down and keeps the kid in his lap, or tries to. 

The kid breaks free and starts trying to climb on the nearest machine. One of the guys that had just finished up with a patient saw this and rushed over to grab the kid. The husband didn't like that and told him "Don't touch my son. He's just playing." And with that we have strike three.

The reception lady stands up from her desk and gets right in this man's face. She informed him that he will now have to take his son and wait outside the center for the rest his wife's appointment. Also that he was no longer allowed to come to the center unless they had a sitter. The wife was done with her husband and told him to just go home and she'd call him when she was finished. The husband tried to protest, but his wife shut him down with "I told you this was a bad idea. Now stop being stupid and do what you're told." With that the man grabbed the kid and left. Boy was that satisfying to watch.

At the end of her session the woman apologized for her husband and son. She said the husband refused to bring anything to entertain their kid because he figured we'd have a play area, even though the mom told him we didn't. The entire thing lasted maybe fifteen minutes which I think is some kind of record. She also promised she wouldn't bring her family again.

All in all not terrible, but very annoying.

Edit: Wow, this blew up while I was sleeping. I feel like I should point out that things like this are very rare and it's the first time I'd seen it personally. I don't know why the dad thought we'd have a play space since pretty much nobody brings any kids into my wing. The pediatric wing maybe, but not the adult wing. Thanks for all the funny comments, I've been reading them to my husband this morning and he's been cracking up. Now it's time for me to get to work.

Edit 2: Wow! Two gold! I've never gotten that before, thanks guys!

Edit3: I feel like I should add this for some clarity. When the receptionist meant safety, she meant for all parties. You see people come in for physical therapy because of different reasons. Sports or general injuries are the most common, but people also come in to regain strength or motor skills after surgery or very aggressive chemotherapy treatments. These patients can often have weakened and compromised immune systems and are very vulnerable to basic illness. Because of this we keep our facilities completely clean at all times. Everything is wiped down after every use and we all wash our hands religiously. 

That being said kids don't care about hygiene and are easy carriers weather you realize it or not. The second reason was the boy himself. A lot of out equipment is very heavy and has a lot of small places for little fingers to get smashed on accident. If he'd been allowed to go around picking things up and jumping on whatnot he could have very easily hurt himself. This was best for everyone, period./nSo, I'll tell a little of backstory. In Finland we have this thing called TET, which is like a work experience thingy. In the 8th grade it lasts a week. I was 14, and I had taken a job in a tech store.It was good, I am somewhat nerdy and I know about technology and computers.  
This all translated from the Finnish conversation, or the argument. I am a High School student and My English might have mistakes.  
EK=eSports Kid/Entitled Kid, EM=EK's mom, Me= Take wild guess, M= The store manager "Pekka" (The name is changed)

&#x200B;

So I had been working there for a few days and it was Thursday, around 2 pm. I had about an Hour left of work time since the TET-Rules said that the work time was 6 hours.

I was behind a cash register desk, filling the cabinets with some phones that had arrived in a shipment that day. Then the EM and EK entered in, the store manager was in the storage. The mom was in her 40s and the kid was about 11-13. 

Me: Hello. Welcome to the "Tech store" How can I help you?  
EM: Good afternoon. My son is looking for a Keyboard.

I pointed to my left where the gaming products were, and there were mostly Razer products available, the others were sold out and the store didn't have much of the accessories.

Me: On that shelf, feel free to look around.   
EM: Thanks.

&#x200B;

The EM and the EK walked over and I kept on filling the cabinet. I heard some discussion from behind me but I didn't bother to listen to it. 

Some time later I was Done and looked over to them, they were looking at the prices and thinking about it.

Me: Need some help?   
EM: Yeah, I don't understand the difference between this "Blacwidow Ultimate Chroma" and this "Ornata Chroma", they look alike. Can you please tell me the difference?  
EK: Mooom... the blackwidow is better, it's mechanical. Like I told you.

The kid had this high pitched voice, a really irritating one. 

Me: Your son is right, the difference is that the Blackwidow is mechanical and has faster response times than the Ornata, which is mem-canical. (Google it if you don't understand)

The Blackwidow was also more expensive, but that is logical, since it was mechanical. The EM looked over to the EK who was smiling.

EM: We will take this one then. 

The EM walked to the register and I scanned the barcode. The keyboard was a 129€ 

Me: Allright Ma'm that will be a 129€   
 EM: WHAT?! 130€ FOR A PIECE OF PLASTIC??! WHAT THE HELL??!  
Me: Calm down Ma'm it's the normal price.  
EM: MY SON PLAYS COMPETITIVELY! HE NEEDS THIS!  
Me: Really, what does he play?

The EK looked at me.

EK: I play CS:GO in a Professional Team.

I just looked at him, holding my laughter, this underage kid had just told me that he plays a K-16 game professionally. It was hilarious. (K-16 is the equivelant of the ESRB rating Teen)

Me: (Sarcastic tone) Oh really? What is the team name?

The kid smiled more, his smile kinda looked liked a Trollface. 

EK: Our team is called "Killer Bee eSports" (Translated name)

I just bursted into laughter. This kid had just told me of a group that I didn't know of. 

Me: \*laugh\* Hold on, I'll check. 

I looked up the "team" on my phone. I found a Steam group, and looked at it. One of the members was called "GaySwedeCock69" I was laughing so hard, because the kid was so serious about being professionals.

Me: I'm sorry kid, but this "gaming group" is far from being professional. Even if you were professionals, I couldn't give this keyboard for free, since you aren't sponsored by us. (The store was a part of a chain)  

The mom was looking at me, being very angry. 

EM: What are you laughing at?! He is a professional gamer! He is good! I have watched him play! We need to get this for free, you are so rude, young man!  
Me: I'm sorry but he's not a professional, I see no awards or anything to reference some sort of eSport activity.   
EK: I used to play for the 3DMAX Juniors. (that doesn't exist and that isn't even Finnish.)

I just laughed even harded. I couldn't help it, this kid was so bad at lying.

Me: Are you kidding me? Look at you! You are not old enough to play CS:GO, not professionally.   
EM: He's underage? That's your best argument?! How old are you?  
Me: I'm fourteen.  
EM: You're fourteen and you call my son underage?! Shame on you!  
Me: It's my TET Week. So it's part time.

EM was looking at her son with a weird smile, and the kid smiled back. She turned to me. 

EM: We'll make a compromise, I will pay the full price...

I was getting suspicious from the tone of her voice, which had turned to a kind, and a soft voice.

Me: And?

EM: And I get those headphones from the shelf. \*Points to a pair of Razer Kraken 7.1s (110€)\*

I looked at her with an annoyed gaze. and stayed quiet for a moment.

Me: Are you kidding me? You're asking for a Keyboard and a Headset for the price of one?

I explained to her that we have some bundles sometimes but she just cant make one out of thin air. She just looked at me, annoyed.

EM: Let me talk to your manager.   
Me: Okay. \*Points to some security cameras\* Don't think of trying to leave, you have cameras watching you. 

I walked to the warehouse and called for the store manager "Pekka" to come and help me with a customer. Surprisingly, the EM and EK hadn't left. 

M: Hello Ma'm I'm "Pekka". What seems to be the problem?   
EM: Your part-time employee is rude to me and Makes fun of my son.  
Me: That's not entirely true. She claimed her son is a professional gamer in a team, and they are trying to get equipment for free.   
M: Ma'm is this true?  
EM: NO! He's lying!

The manager was just there, looking at the angry mom, her kid, and me.

M: I'll check the camera recordings.  

He said that and went into the security room, some time later he came out. 

M: Ma'm I have to ask for you to pay for the Keyboard, and leave.  
EM: WHAT THE FUCK! HE'S RUDE TO ME AND MY SON! WE NEED THESE FOR FREE! MY SON IS TRAUMATIZED AFTER YOUR BEHAVIOR!  
M: The other option is for you to not pay and leave without the Keyboard.

EM just looked at as and hesitantly paid for the keyboard, and was about to leave until she yelled from the door.

EM: YOU LOST A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE, I'M NOT COMING BACK HERE EVER AGAIN!

Despite her actions, my work experience went well, I got good points for the work.   
Sometimes when I go to the store I talk with "Pekka" about the "Pro-player kid" and we laugh.

Surprisingly the EM or the kid never visited the store anymore./nThis is a rather long one so bare with me. Obligatory "I'm on mobile" comment. Cross posted in r/entitledredditors

Cast: EM (entitled mom), ED (Entitled Dad), EB1 and EB2 (entitled brats 1 and 2), SB (sweet boy), M (Manager)

So before some of my health issues I worked in a few daycare centers as and Early childcare assistant. Working in childcare means you see your fair share of entitled parents but this couple took the cake.

It was the start of September and our daycare had a few openings for new students. I had been at this daycare for maybe a month and had gotten quite close to the group of 12 or so children, and I was excited to meet any new students we would be getting in. 

It was mid week when we were told a new family would be starting with us and would be bringing in 2 children. 

Enter the entitled family.

From the moment they came through the door it was evident that they were going to be a bit of a pain but you sometimes get difficult parents. EM walked in with a 'can I speak to your manager' hair cut. ED was trying to range EB1 and EB2.

EB1 was a 5 year old girl, she was well spoken and intependant but something about her seemed a bit off.

EB2 was 4 and well,  not to be mean but he was FAT. I'm not talking a bit pudgy,  I mean this was the biggest and roundest child I have ever laid eyes on. Now I'm far from a spring chicken myself, and were his size not relivant to this story I wouldn't even share it, because who am I to judge.

From the first few minutes watching this family settle in a few things became quite apparent. EB1 was mostly ignored by her family, and EB2 had EVERYTHING done for him.

The parents only stayed for an hour to let the kids settle in, then headed to work and I thought things would be normal, but oh no.

EB2 had apparently taken quite a liking to me, and was super clingy. It's nice to be liked but we do try to encourage children to play with eachother more than the teachers, with one exception, SB.

Now SB was the sweetest child I have ever had the pleasure of teaching. He was almost 4, loved Robert Munsch books and  firetrucks (which was amazing since we were 4 buildings down from a fire station, and another girl's dad was a firefighter). SB was also almost entirely nonverbal and had autism. This meant sometimes he had some difficulties with his interactions, but was overall very happy standing on a stool most of the day, watching the fire house and playing with his trucks.

Usually I worked with SB all day, since he had also taken a liking to me and for many toddlers on the spectrum having someone they are comfortable with really helps with their ability to follow instructions and join in with group activities.

EB2 did not like this one bit. He was constantly demanding the attention of not only me but of other staff members too, and when he felt he didn't get it he would cry.

Now I'm a a very compassionate person byt also a no nonsense teacher and they crying grew more tiring with the more obvious it was how spoiled EB2 was.

Not only did EB2 not know how to put on his velcro shoes, open his lunch box, or put on his coat at 4 years old (a feat most 4 year olds can manage with a bit of effort) he would demand help and when told "I want to see you try first on your own and then I will help you" he would have a fit, crying and throwing whatever he had.

The second day they came to daycare ED pulled me aside to inform me that EB1 had said a child had hit her. Of course I was surprised but it is a daycare and these things can happen. I appologized and told the ED we would keep and eye on her to make sure nothing happened again, though I did find it odd since she had spent most of the first day playing by herself as she had stated she likes her own space. 

We kept an eye on her all day and nothing happened. We were relieved. However EB2 had begun hitting many other children and trying to take their toys from them, only to throw more tantrums when told to wait his turn and not to hit. This was especially worrying because of his size, and that most children in our care were quite small for their age.

Again the next day ED comes in, this time with EM, claiming their daughter had been hit. I politely informed them that their daughter hadn't interacted with anyone except for one other newer girl and that we had been keeping a very close eye on her all day and had not witnessed any such event. 

EM grabbed EB1's arm and said "show me who is the boy who hit you!"

EB1 points to SB. 

I tell the parents "SB didn't even interact with EB1. I was with him all day."

EM glares at me as says "That autistic boy should be in a special school for other autistic children"

I am getting annoyed but trying to remain polite "SB does just fine in this class and this is where his older brother came so he is comfortable here"

ED then cuts in "that autistic boy traumatized our daughter. I don't want my children going somewhere unsafe"

I reiterated the fact that EB1 had not informed us of being hit by anyone, that we hadn't seen anything and that it most certainly wasn't SB who did it.

Then I dun goofed.

 I informed them that EB2 had actually hit several children. They both insisted that he was just stressed about the new environment. They gave a half assed "remember gentle hands" to EB2 and left.

Over the next week and a half there was a new issue every day. Anything from EB1 not getting to play with the doll she wanted, to EB2 not being lifted up to use the slide (he couldn't climb the ladder and was far to heavy to lift without possible injury). No matter what though every day came with the accusation the SB had in some way been violent towards one or both of their children. 

I had been careful to tell my manager who worked downstairs in the other classroom everything that had been happening when it was happening and my coworkers backed me up. My manager was a small but tough older woman with very little filter who was not afraid of conflict.

One morning she decided to stay in my classroom as the kids came in to see first hand what EM and ED were going to say.

ED says that EB1 (who has begun a habit of taking toys from kids when she wants them and lying constantly) said SB hit her and threw a truck at her and pulled her hair.

I once again say I had been with SB all day and none of that had happened, however once again EB2 had been quite violent with other children (all week I'd been telling them about his discretions).

ED then says that EB2 is only like that because he has seen SB hurting EB1 and is picking up bad behavior because he's never like this.

EM instantly started on her rant about how she was going to call CPS to have this child removed from the daycare and put in an 'autistic school'. M was quick to step in and tell her she had no right to do that and that he isn't her child. EM and ED kept going off about how 'the autistic boy' was a danger to other children and 'the autistic boy' needs special care.

M was getting clearly frustrated and said "you need to stop calling him 'the autistic boy' his name is SB, and that is incredibly disrespectful." 

EM said "well he is autistic so I can call him what I want"

Then M said something that I didn't expect "so would you be fine is everyone called EB2 'the fat boy' instead of his name?"

EM and ED saw red.

They grabbed their children and stormed out cussing about calling the police. A few days later M came to me and told me they had left the daycare but wanted all their money back for the month and wanted to sue as for additional trauma their children had experienced due to their time at the daycare. 

M had to go meet with them and the officials at the childcare licencing board to prove she didn't owe them anything. Luckily I had documented everything in a dated communication book the staff shared and myself and the other staff signed written statements basically saying their children were lying, violent, spoiled brats.

M also brought the contract with her they had signed and payed for stating they would be with us for a 3 Month trial period and including a clause that stated the center required a month's notice to leave.

EM and ED ended up having to pay for the 2 months left in their contract plus an additional month for no canceling with notice. 

I only stayed at the daycare another month,as I caught a very serious illness from a child and was off work for 3 months recovering, but the last I saw SB was doing wonderfully and starting to help read along with some of his favorite books.

EDIT 1: thanks for the silver friendly redditor

EDIT 2: Since so many people have been asking I caught something called C-Diff. It isn't something you can vaccinate against, but I am proud to say every daycare I have been in has had a rule regarding mandatory vaccinations.

EDIT 3: Wow thank you so much for the gold♡

EDIT 4: A comment just made me remember a funny detail I forgot to add. EM was a nurse. Yup. Heard that right./nLong time lurker, first time post on this sub; on mobile, bad format, etc.

BG: I have asthma, so I keep an inhaler on me most of the time. This incident happened about a month ago and I decided it was time to post it.

I’m at (undisclosed store) to get some groceries while my mom sat in the car. I go through my routine (go in on Friday, get bread, got get milk and eggs (maybe cheese), circle for freezer, get whatever the hell seems necessary), and everything is well and fine until I’m in the freezer aisle.

Since I was a bit sick that day, I had a bad cough; which meant possible asthma attack, so I had my meds at the ready.

To no one’s surprise, as I begin to have a really bad coughing fit, my asthma triggers. I couldn’t breathe and was choking on any air that I could get; so I grab my inhaler from my breast pocket (tip: keep your inhaler in an easy to reach place.). 

I go to puff it; Enter EM.

Before this, I saw EM on the other end of the aisle with her son, I didn’t make note of her because she looked like a normal person, nothing of interest other than her nails (shitty person, very pretty nails. I wonder where she got them done.)

Now, EM was smacking my inhaler OUT OF MY HANDS.

EM: HoW dArE yOu TaKe DrUgS iN fRoNt Of My SoN!

Her child, from what I could see, didn’t even notice anything until his mother started to screech like a banshee.

This woman continues to yell about how I’m “endangering her baby” and “going to persuade him into becoming a drug addict”, all while I’m trying not to faint from lack of air and find my inhaler.

And as this bitch of a woman was wailing on me, in comes my savior.

PK (poor kid) was skirting around his mother, and in his hands were my meds. He was about 7 so I think he knew what emergency medications looked like. 

PK, the smart little shit, handed me my inhaler, IN FRONT OF HIS DAMN MOTHER, to which I took the biggest fucking puff I ever had.

My lungs start to let air back in after a moment and this woman looks like she’s about to go off and me and her son. 

An employee had rushed to the aisle (from what I assume was a random shopper going to get her) and she said immediately ran to me.

SE: Sir! Are you okay? What’s going on here?

Me: I’m fine-

EM: THIS MAN JUST TOOK DRUGS IN THIS STORE!

SE: Sir, is this true?

I show her my inhaler and tell her that I have bad asthma. She nods and asks EM why she thought I was doing drugs.

EM: IT- ITS DRUGS! LOOK!

EM snatched the inhaler again and took the /bottle from the freaking spacer/ and showed it in full to the woman.

SE: Ma’am, that is this young man’s prescription, for asthma.

EM is suddenly white in the face; looking from the meds to me and back. She suddenly drops the spacer and the bottle and takes off running with PK.

We didn’t pursue her, but I didn’t see her after that. I was able to get enough air to complete my shopping and the employee gave me a coupon (very sweet of them.)

My inhaler now has multiple chips in the spacer and the bottles fluid leaked, so I have to get a new one, unfortunately.

What an idiot woman; don’t know how she raised such a smart kid.


edit: (NOT VERY IMPORTANT) I’m non binary; just wanted to clarify so no one feels bad about accidentally misgendering me.

edit #2: someone mentioned that they’re Inhaler is super strong, that’s cool; my spacer was pretty old so I’m not surprised that it broke.

edit #3: hey thanks for all the comments, I’d love to talk to all of you but sometime Reddit doesn’t let me see the comments :/

edit #who knows: y’all don’t post comments hating on NB people.

last edit: apparently this post seems like another post for a few months back. I have never read that post so I don’t know what it says. sorry if it seems like a copy ig???/nTW: Victim-Blaming/Mom...blaming?

&#x200B;

I put this post in r/EntitledBitch first, but they recommended I put the story here as well. I know this isn't as dramatic as most of the posts in the sub, but thought you guys would like to hear it anyway.

I wasn't here for this conversation, nor would I likely remember if I was, but my mom told me once she thought I was old enough to not freak out about it. It may be slightly exaggerated.

Backstory: So, when I was around 7-8, I was sexually assaulted. It was something I had to live through and I still live through now, and due to this I have PTSD. I still was in Girl Scouts, therapy, and at the time of this story, I was still going through the trial-which I chose to go through with so it wouldn't happen to another kid.

Characters:

EM-Entitled Mom

EK-Entitled Kid

FM-Friend's Mom

M-Mom

S-Me

There was a girl scouts lock-in when I was about 8, and my mom took me there because my best friend was going. Before the lock-in started, me and my friends were running around and goofing off, as kids do. My mom was staying to talk with other moms, when a mom she didn't know comes up to her-the Entitled Parent of this story. She comes up to my mom to start a conversation.

EM: "Hi, I'm EM, EK's mom. I don't think I've seen you around!" She started off seeming pretty normal.

M: "Hi, I'm M, S's mom. S normally gets a ride to meetings from a friend since I work weird hours, so I don't get to come with her often." My mom was a lawyer and a single mom.

EM: "Oh, you're S's mom?" She seemed to recognize the name, and realized who I was.

M: "Yeah, does your daughter know her?"

EM: "Yeah.. it's crazy what you're putting her through..isn't it?" My mom was totally taken off-guard by this.

M: "What do you mean by that? What am I putting her through?" My mom was pretty confused at this point.

EM: "Well, she already lived through the sexual assault and all, and now you're alienating her from her family." (A family member was the one who did it) "As well as, the counselling and the trial, isn't that a bit much for an eight-year-old?"

M: Starting to actually get mad, "It was actually her choice to go through with the trial, and as if I'd let her be around the asshole that did that to her, nor the family who didn't even believe her!...and about the counselling, how do you think people even recover?"

EM: "Well, if I had known S would be coming, I wouldn't have brought EK! You should just bring your daughter home so the other parents won't have to worry." My mom started to get really mad at this point.

M: "Is that so? Why is that?"

EM: "You know how damaged girls who go through this stuff act. I'm just worried she'll act out. Plus, the kids aren't very closely chaperoned. What if she starts to talk about it, or worse, acts out on one of the kids? She'll be a terrible influence!" She starts talking like a royal bitch, fitting to her personality from other stories I heard about this specific mom.

M: In a serious voice, "S is fine. She is going to therapy, and talking about it only makes her relive it so she doesn't unless absolutely necessary. Also, she's never 'acted out', whatever you mean by that."

EM: "Some girls who've gone through that end up acting out sexually, you should know this. I'd never let something like this happen to my daughter!" At this point, my mom was FED UP, from the second she used the word "let", as if she let it happen. My mom grabbed her arm and pulled her aside where the other moms couldn't hear.

M: "I didn't LET this happen to S, some sick asshole did it unsupervised when he SHOULD have been supervised. You can't shame her for this. She, nor I, had control over this. You must be completely stupid to think that an eight-year-old 'convinced', or whatever it is that makes you think it was my, or her, fault, an 16-year-old to do this."

EM: "Well, I'm just saying that I'm more careful than you were, I wouldn't let EK near someone like that!" (BTW does she not realize grooming exists??)

M: "Would you expect this from EK's grandparents? Cousins? Family in general? Do you monitor them at all times and never suspect anything?" At this point, my best friend at the time's mom noticed that my mom was talking to the EM, and comes over, noticing how my mom looked like she was about to punch a bitch, so she pulled my mom away from the EM to talk to her.

FM: "Just ignore it, M.."

M: "Well, I just think it's funny how this is supposed to be a supportive place and she's acting like this, shaming and victim-blaming my daughter-" and continuing on, reasonably upset. At this point, my mom hears the EM mumble something under her breath.

EM: under breath, "Never would I let my daughter go through that.."

Eventually, my friend's mom ends up calming my mom down. According to my mom, she almost took me home just because of how upset that made her, but I ended up having a great time regardless and I didn't find out until years later, so I guess it wasn't all that bad.

Tl;dr: I go to a girl scouts lock-in when I'm around 8 and a parent tells my mom that I shouldn't be here because I may "act out" because of my PTSD.

Edit: To those who don't know, a lock-in is basically a giant sleepover at a church that the girl scouts leaders set up, filled with a bunch of different girl scout troops.

Edit 2: To those who are saying they've read it, this is the first time I've posted it on r/entitledparents. You may have seen it on r/entitledbitch but I haven't posted it on here until now./nI know some people are probably reading the title and gasping, how could you hate Mother's Day? Simple. I hate my mother. I've written several stories about her already, and this is the one about how I wasn't even able to express the negative feelings her horrible treatment brought out in me.

Lynda, (I stopped thinking of her as Mom years ago) would often slam the door when she was angry, but if I did it, I'd get spanked. She was such a hypocrite. If I said something wasn't fair, she'd say I was talking back and I was spanked. She would also sometimes slap me across the face if I did something she didn't like. Yelling and screaming at me, calling me names, swearing at me, all was in her arsenal of A+ parenting.

Once, after she'd been nasty to me I had gone to my room and was laying in bed in the dark crying. My back was to the door and suddenly I heard it fling open.

Lynda: WHAT ARE YOU CRYING ABOUT?!

I froze. I knew better than to say that I was crying because of her. I'd probably just get yelled at more. I didn't know what to say or do so I just froze in place. Lynda snorted and said something like, whatever. I can't remember exactly now, before leaving. I went back to crying, but this time in silence.

I soon learned that it was always better to try to cry in silence so that she couldn't hear me. She'd either get annoyed at my tears or get some perverse expression of satisfaction that she'd upset me that much. Unlike other children who would cry loudly when hurt and were offered hugs and words of comfort, I was forced to suffer in silence.

I couldn't show anger or pain, so I started taking it out on my toys. My mother and grandmother both wondered why I damaged them so much even though it's a textbook case of what psychologically damaged children do when they have no other outlet.

When I turned 12 I was finally big enough and old enough to defend myself somewhat physically. When Lynda tried to slap me I jerked to the side so that she hit my shoulder instead. I slapped her back across her own shoulder and glared at her. She was shocked. It was my first time of being able to do this. After that, everything changed.

All my anger that I never got to show came out after that. We had many days of screaming fights as I told her what a terrible mother and person she was and how much I hated her. She only ever hit me a couple more times after this after I was an adult and she never did again the second time after I threatened to call the cops. The other kinds of abuse however, never stopped. Verbal and emotional abuse flowed from her mouth and she even stole most of my money. SSI money for disabled people no less. Until I wised up and opened my own bank account that is.

To this very day I have trouble expressing my emotions. I tend to either hold everything in or everything comes boiling out. I hate confrontation. I have terrible social anxiety. I have trust issues. I take a small handful of pills everyday to help control my bipolar disorder. I was told I have PTSD. I was in major therapy for a long time.

I still flinch if I go to a store and hear a parent yelling at their child.

I cut off all contact with my family five years ago, but every year around this time whenever I go out I see advertising for Mother's Day everywhere. It reminds me how every year I would have to give Lynda a present and card and smile and pretend that she was a wonderful mother just so I wouldn't get screamed at. This while inside I seethed with rage.

To all the good mothers out there who treat their children right. Who give them hugs and love when they are sad. Who teach them how to express their anger properly without hurting anyone. Who are there for their kids and show them what real love and trust is all about. Thank you.

I just wish I could've been your kid instead of hers.

&#x200B;

Edit

I'm having to edit too many times so I'm just going to put it all in one.

PopFizzCJ and UnicornGlitterZombie thank you for the silver awards!

Chrisoma and isakdombestein thank you SO much for the platinum awards!

GeNeTiCShaDoW thank you for the gold award!

NocturnalBlitz, a silver AND gold award? Wow! Thank you!

Thanks to whoever gave me the other gold and the silver awards!/nSetting: Buffet in Boise Idaho called chuck o' rama

Characters: Me: u/conjunctivious, EM: entitled mother, EK: entitled kid, M: my mom, D: my dad.

My parents are deaf and use sign language

I was with my family in a buffet, and I was looking around being the nine year old that watched people; as I was going around I saw a kid maybe four years of age. This is how it went on, but I went off lips.

EK: "Mom... Why are those people waving their hands" *proceeding to shake his hands around*

EM proceeds to walk over to our table and immediately starts to yell.

"WHY ARE YOU TEACHING MY KID SATANIC SYMBOLS"

My dad who can use an implant to hear if he puts it on: "we are talking in sign lan---"

EM: " I don't want to hear your s**t, your satanic worshipping shouldn't be allowed in a restaurant."

My dad is easily irritable and gets pissed when he is being pestered.

D: "Please mind your tone miss, we're trying to enjoy our food."

EM: "IT'S ABOUT TIME YOU LEAVE YOU FILTHY SATANISTS!"

This is the point when security is called in to assess the matter

The rest is bare with EM screaming for a bit and then got taken out of the building. We ended up getting refunded for the food that we had.


Edit: thanks for the support and making this my highest upvoted post. I appreciate it./nOkay, a little background on my town before we begin. I live in a suburban town in Indiana. Our town is about 45% Hispanic Heritage and about 45% European Heritage, with a 10% "other". We're kind of poor, the majority of the town being lower middle class, with some notable exceptions (that damn housing project). What we do have is education, we test higher than almost any other school in the state, so we as a city get tens of millions of dollars that unusually get wasted on Swimming pools and such.

A little background on my first job. I worked at the Boys and Girls Club, (for you non-Americans, it's like a mass babysitting operation, but there's homework help). My job was to take 7th hour to bike to the BGC (it counted as a service credit, even though I got paid), swap into my uniform, wait, sign the elementary kids in, take their bags, and then when they are all there, go to the elementary room and keep them from getting bored and committing mutiny. I was 14 at the time, short for my age and a real squeaker, but formal as all get out, and eager to make money -er- I mean help the community.

EM: Edible Macaroni  
EK: Endangered Koala

OY: Old Yeti, the manager, older, chubby, hairy gentleman that everyone loves.

Me: Microwavable Evergreens

This story takes place during my first week of work. I was waiting for the buggers to come storming in, when I glance from my seat into the parking lot (the entryway was made of glass, and both rooms on either side have massive windows, so I could see the parking lot fairly easily from my seat) and this Ferrari, a literal Ferrari , in our sleepy town, pulls up into a parking spot. It's 2:30, I had just changed, none of the elementary schools are out yet. As I stare in awe of this beauty of a car, in comes EM and EK.

EM: Hello, I'd like to drop my kid off

Me: is he registered at this or the \[nearby town\] Boys and Girls Club?

EM: No  
Me (turning back to my book, gesturing to the stack of papers on the counter): Fill out one of those, take the safety waiver

EM: That's a lot of work, do I have to?  
Me: it is a page and a half, it's not that bad, and yes, you have too.

EM takes the paper, mumbling something about "not my job" and "jackass kids these days." She fills it out, takes her about 6 minutes. I've put my book away and gotten my supplies out, ready for the first of 7 waves of kids. She saunters over to my desk, and hands me the papers, I go to make a copy to give to her, as well as to put the paper on the scanner so he's in our database. EM starts to walk off!'

Me: Ma'am! you need your copy!

EM (sighing and turning around): OK, just give it to me.

Me: also, you didn't pay, it's $15 a year for our services (for you non Americans, that's about the price of a golf pencil per day, literally less expensive than the wheat in the free snack)

EM: I'm not paying that!

Me: Ma'am, we provide free access to a snack, computers, a large library, a gym, arts and crafts, and valuable friendships, all at no extra charge.

EM: My little [kids name] should get it for free, he's a good kid academically!  
Me (internally): He's in 2nd grade, what the hell could this snot magnet have done?

Me (out loud): If you register through any school in the [hometown] School System, they could give you a reduced price for academic excellence.

EM: Can't you do it?

Just then, you hear the bell at the elementary school next door to the BGC. I had about 150 seconds until Hell's armies would come in, and chaos would descend for the next 5 hours. OY also walks by, and I breathe a sigh of relief

Me: Hey Old Yeti! Can you help with this lovely lady over here (translation: can you give this bitch the business end of a stern talking to?)

EM: Just give it to me! (EK runs off into the K-2 room, not technically registered or signed in)

OY: I would love to, but I have to help Chef Johnny make the cereal bars for Snack! (translation: hell no, I ain't got the patience for her!)

Me: Ma'am, I am not in authority to give you anything for free, if you do not just hand over 15 bucks, I will have to call [kid's name] to the front desk and have you two leave

The gates of hell open, loud, smelly, and wanting to play with their friends. Another employee stops them where the entryway meets the commons, saving me a headache, but I knew waves two and three were no more than 5 minutes away.

EM: Dear god, people in this town are so stupid, I just want it for free

Me (not completely done with it, but almost): Listen, ma'am, I'm going to spend the next 45 minutes signing kids in, then I have to deal with their crap for another 5 goddamn hours, I will almost certainly need to clean up at least one kid who didn't bother to use the restroom, I will likely have to clean a Wii remote so it doesn't give some kid diphtheria or some shit. (I'm ranting now) I have to deal with almost 200 immature kids for minimum wage, I will graciously add your little pile of dog shit to that list, (a prediction of that child that was correct, he was on thin ice for the entire time I was there) but I will not, and I repeat not, deal with an adult more immature than the children, so either pay the $15, or get you and your snotbag the fuck out of this establishment. (I hear the lady that was keeping hell at bay mumble "daaaaaaaamn")

EM (red with embarrassment, meekly reaching into her wallet): here you go, sir

Me: thank you and have a lovely day (she handed me a hundred dollar bill, just that little extra work to give her change still angers me to this day)

By this time Wave 2 had arrived and she had gotten a ticket for parking in a handicapped spot. I didn't clear the entryway until after wave 5, leaving me exhausted for the rest of my shift. The kid almost got banned several times for attempting to harm staff members, namely me, and OY died just last month, and a memorial to his work now stands in the playground./nSo I was at the hospital with my family at 1 am because my little sister(2.5 years old) was having a very bad cough. I pulled out my phone as I had nothing to do and there was at least a 30 minute wait before the doctor could see us, my sister was not a part of the data pool for our family yet so I hotspotted her so that she could keep her 2 gb for times when I'm not there. We must have had our conversation pretty loud because a woman comes up to me and asks if I could hotspot her too because she needed to make a whatsapp call to someone, being sleepy at 1 am I just said yes and asked for her phone so I could enter the password.

You know the cast already.

Em: Just tell me the password, I don't feel comfortable giving my phone to strangers.

Me: I get that but in the same way I don't feel comfortable giving strangers my password.

Em: Come on you can trust me, I promise I won't do anything. 

Me: Sorry but I won't do that.

Em: Fine.(her tone suggested that she was doing me a favor by using my data)

She hands me her phone and I enter the password.

She walks away and 40 mins later mins later(again I was sleepy af and lost track of time) when my parents are with the doctor, she walks back with an iPad in her hand.

Em: Enter the password on this too and be quick about it.

Me: No, and I only allowed you to use it for a call.

Em: Just shut up and connect it, it's not like you need all the data to youself.

Sis: hey-

I tell her to not get involved, I knew how to handle her since I knew about this sub.

Ek: I WANT TO WATCH (kids show that I cant remember) NOW!!!

Em: *to ek* Just a minute. *to me* Look what you're doing to ek, just give me the damn password.

Me: Enough, first off it's my data and I can do whatever the hell I want with it, secondly you said ONE call for 10 minutes not 40, lastly I'm turning my network off. (My sister was just listening to music so it wouldn't bother her). 

Em: Watch your tone with me, and I'll just play it on my phone which is connected and if you turn it off...

I thought of something to piss her off further.

Me: Fine I won't turn it off.

Em: *smugly* That's what I thought.

She walks away and plays some kids shit on her phone and as I hear the video playing, I turn it off.

Ek: MOMMY! MAKE THE PHONE WORK!!!

Ek starts whining, screaming and kicking em, she fends off her hell spawn and angrily walks towards me.

Em: YOU IDIOT! TURN THE WIFI BACK ON!

Me: I'm sorry I think you have the wrong perso .

Em: SHUT UP SMARTASS AND TURN THE WIFI BACK ON!

Me: I'm sorry ma'am but I don't recognize you, you must have the wrong person.

Em: I'M CALLING SECURITY AND GETTING YOU KICKED OUT!

Me: *snickering* Ok ma'am, you do you.

She comes back with a security guard and says

Em: HE'S THE ONE WHO STOLE MY PHONE! ARREST HIM!

Sg: Is this true?

Me: No, and if you want I can show you why.

I proceed to tell him the specifications of my phone (the colour under the case, the backup password, how it unlocks with my fingerprint, it has a [redacted] network sim card, the wallpaper, how it had a my school id card in the cardholder on the case and I told her all the contacts on the phone since I have 15 contactswhich are all family and 3 close friends also if he called the contact sister it would call my sisters phone who was right next to me.

Em: NO! HE CHANGED ALL OF THAT! MY PHONE DIDN'T HAVE A LOCK!

Me: Then who's phone is that, (me pointing towards her hellspawn who had taken her phone out of her pocket and was trying to play a vid)

Em: That's ek's  phone.

Me: What about the iPad? *to security guard* She has an iPad which is probably in her bag and was used by ek.

Sg asks her to show the contents of her purse which she hesitantly did and it revealed an iPad.

She was asked to leave the building but she begged as her kid was sick and needed a doctor so the guards let her stay but she was seated in a different area than me. My parents came out with my little sister and we went home. Haven't been to the same hospital since as it is in an area with such people but it was the only one open at 1 am that day.

Thx for reading.

Edit: Due to confusion, my little sister was with the doctor and my older sister was the one I was hotspoting./nI’ve been lurking on here awhile, but finally made an account after this happened to me last night at work. Obligatory first post and I’m on mobile heads up.

Quick backstory. I work at a fairly upscale steak house restaurant. I’m deaf and work in the kitchen, but sometimes when we’re short staffed and I’m not backed up/in the middle of something I’ll help carry stuff out to a table real quick. 

Alright so yesterday we had 3 waiters call in sick and no one was available to cover for them. Monday’s are usually slow anyway so nobody was too worried about it. Until a huge party came in without reservations. It was 6 adults and 7 kids for one of the kid’s birthday. Again this is a nice steak house. Usually we get a lot of business types or date night couples. Not childrens birthday parties.

The order comes in and everyone at the table gets steak. Even the kids. And every kid got it well done. Whatever, we throw it all together and I help the waitress carry it out since no one else is free to help her.

ME=Me CW=coworker waitress EM=entitled mom EC=entitled child DM=Dumbass Manager

I put the last plate I have on the table in front of who happens to be the birthday girl. I see her asking me for something so I do the universal gesture for being deaf and hurry off to let the waitress know they needed something at the table before going back to the kitchen. 

I do read lips and speak, but I don’t go there with customers at work. Way easier if I just go find someone else to help them out instead. Usually it isn’t a problem. 

Not 10 minutes later CW is tapping on my shoulder trying to warn me ahead of time that the EM had asked for the manager to complain that I had refused to get her daughter something when EC asked me for it. I later found out out CW had tried to explain to them I was deaf in an attempt to save me from their wrath, but apparently the EC didn’t know what that meant and got upset when it was explained to her. So they went from being pissed I “ignored” them to traumatized that I exist I guess?

DM comes barreling into the kitchen talking faster than I can keep track of and drags me back out to this table. EC is crying with EM patting her back and kissing all over her as if her dog died while they were at the restaurant.

EM starts talking angrily to DM, I still have no idea what exactly they were saying. But there was a lot of angry gesturing, nasty faces, and the kid was crying so hard if CW hadn’t warned me what this about I would have thought the kid was dying or something. 

DM finally turns to face me and ask me to apologize. I assume I’ve read her lips wrong and ask her to repeat. No she really does want me to apologize to these people.

At this point I’m really pissed off. 

Me: You want me to apologize for being deaf?

DM: It was upsetting to them, say you’re sorry.

ME: No way.

Other tables are staring at us at this point and I’m just not willing to go down this road. EM is talking again but I still have no idea what she was saying at this point. She kept gesturing to her crying kid and jabbing a finger in my direction with an expression that would make satan cringe on her face.

DM: Apologize, now.

Me: That’s not going to happen. 

DM is red faced and looks like she might blow her top at any second. But there was no way I was apologizing to these people. If they had asked me to apologize for ignoring them or whatever, sure who cares. But I’m not sorry I can’t hear. Actually I’m pretty thankful at this point, EM was getting a lot of dirty and annoyed looks so I guess she wasn’t sounding pleasant.

I’m fed up with it so I just head back to the kitchen before they can try to say anything else to me. I guess there was some heated conversation going on behind me. I looked back there before ducking into the kitchen and EM was standing up possibly screaming in DM’s face. The DM ended up comping their meal and actually threatened to write me up for not apologizing to this crazy lady and her precious 8 year old sheltered snowflake. 

I’ve had some interesting reactions from people when I have to let them know I can’t hear but this was on a whole other level. 

Update:
I should have done this as an edit in the first place, but better late than never so people just finding this don’t have to hunt my comment update.

The manager was fired for this and the family has not come back, if they do and anyone recognizes them they will be asked to leave. 

Also to add, since I’ve seen a few comments here and on a youtube video this was put on(thanks to those who linked it for me in comments) I feel the need to explain myself a bit here.

Some commenters criticized me for not verbally telling the EM and EC I was deaf. When I say that I can read lips and speak, I don’t mean I can magically understand what people say just by looking at their mouths. If I’m talking with someone I don’t normally speak to I can need things repeated an ungodly amount of times before I get what they are trying to say to me. Think 10+ times repeating a single sentence. 

I didn’t include this in the story, but when the manager was speaking to me I was needing things repeated during this ordeal. I just didn’t want to clutter the story with “and then I needed the manager to repeat herself 15 times before I got what she was trying to say” over and over.

Similarly people who aren’t used to my voice and how I speak almost always need me to repeat things or write it down. I do not sound like a hearing person. If I had verbally told these people I was deaf there is no guarantee they would have understood me and it is much faster for me to go get an actual server to help them than for me to stand there repeating myself. I’m not really sure how hard it is to figure out what it means when I point at my ear and shake my head. This is the first time in my life that someone didn’t understand that gesture.

Also final point, to those saying my grammar is “too good for him to be deaf”. That’s like saying I’m too smart to be deaf. Being deaf does not effect my intelligence, thank you very much./nHello reddit, so I’m mad as fuck about this entire situation. 

Before I get the story started I want to disclose, I’m a 21 year old girl living in Southern California and marijuana is legal here. I use a CBD pen because it helps me sleep and general calmness, i don’t totally understand how CBD is made (very very new to all this) but the kind I have in my battery at the moment is a hybrid strand that’s 80% CBD and 20% THC so basically it gives you the effects of marijuana without being high? I’m not completely sure but it helps with my anxiety and I like it. 

Now to get into the story, like any good VSCO girl wannabe I have a Fjällräven Kånken backpack. It’s a burnt orange small one but not the smallest. I collect enamel pins so I put my favorite ones on my Kånken and my school backpack. Currently I have a spooky ghost, an ‘end mental health stigma’ cloud and 2 from an iconic 1995 animated film... THE GOOFY MOVIE. I loved it as a kid and when I saw the pin pack on eBay I knew I needed them on my backpack immediately. I really like going to coffee shops to people watch and write and this story takes place on one of those days. I typically rotate between 3 shops, but stupidly today I wanted to try a new shop maybe 30 minutes from my house. After ordering and sitting down I realized I had to pee, so I left my water bottle and backpack on the table if chosen to sit at and grabbed my wallet from my bag before running off to pee. I left my bag on the table because it was a little dead so I figured it would be fine, little did I know my Powerline (the rockstar Max dresses up as in the Goofy Movie) pin would grab the attention of a sweet little boy (I’d guess about 6). 

When I came back from the bathroom I noticed the little boy standing by my backpack, I ignored it because the shop had a long table where single parties could sit. I figured he was just waiting for his parent or something. I got my drink and was about to sit down when she approached. 
(Karen-entitled parent and our antagonist, Boy-a little boy that appreciates the magic of the Goofy Movie, and Me- *insert stupid joke about who this could be*)

Boy- I like your pin!

Me- Thanks sweetheart *tried to sit down, only to be stopped by Karen*

Karen- Are you selling them?

Me- *Shakes head* I collect enamel pins, I can send you the link to the pin set. I just got them off of ebay. 

Karen- *brows come closer* what do you mean you collect pins? At your age? And of cartoon characters?! Give it to Boy. 

Me- *awkwardly laughs hoping to diffuse the situation* I don’t think there’s an age limit to enamel pins... or collecting things... can you please leave me alone?


This angered Karen. She grabbed my backpack from the table, I quickly grabbed at one of the straps and pulled it closer to me. This was a mistake. Her grip tightened

Karen- give my son the pin! I know the owner-

Me- Mam I’m not giving you the pin. Let go of my backpack. 

Karen- Barista! This girl is trying to steal my sons backpack!

Me- What the hell you crazy bitch, give me my bag!


A Barista steps in, unfortunately it wasn’t the same barista that had taken my order and I felt my anxiety building in the fear of my backpack potentially being stolen since I had my wallet in my pocket and no way to really prove it was mine. 

Barista- what’s going on here? 

Karen- she’s trying to steal my sons backpack! *Boy was hiding behind his mom, I think the arguing scared him*

Me- I went to the bathroom and when I came back this lady was trying-

Karen- She’s lying! Look at her! This is clearly a little boys backpack!


The barista grabbed my backpack from the two of us quickly. 

Barista- okay. How about we open it up to see who’s bag it is? 

I nodded, knowing I had a few very obviously 21 year old lady things in there. Karen looked like a deer in the headlights

Karen- You can’t go through my sons bag! That’s theft!

Barista- I’m not going to take anything. You’ll both see me open it, it’s that or I’m calling the police. 

Karen begrudgingly consented and the Barista opened the small pocket on my backpack. He moved around the contents and looked up to Karen

Barista- this isn’t your sons bag. 

Karen- *angry knowing she was caught* of course it is! Look at the pins on the-

Barista- why would your kid have a battery? *he pulled out my CBD pen* 

I shot Karen a smirk, she was busted and you could see her sweating. She mumbled something about it being hers, the barista shook his head. And looked at me

Barista- what else is in the pocket?

Me- we’ll obviously my CBD pen, an iPhone charger, AirPods, I think a chapstick and probably some gum wrappers or lint. 

Barista- *hands me my backpack* keep an eye on your bag. *turns his attention to Karen* I’m going to have to ask you to leave. 


Karen was about to say something but closed her mouth before anything else could come out. She left with no protest and I thanked the Barista before moving to a different table. 

I know this wasn’t the most exciting story ever but at least I got to keep my Powerline pin.

Edit: formatting updated! I didn’t realize it all blocked together, still a posting newb./nEM = Entitled Mother 
EK = Entitled Kid
GF = Girlfriend 
Me = Yours truly 

I was at an amusement park earlier this year, a brand new ride had just opened so of course there was a huge line for it. I had taken my girlfriend that day, and bought us Fast Passes to skip the lines. Fast passes cost nearly three times as much as a regular pass there. 

It was around noon, on a hot day, and my gf and I head over to the new ride. We circled it and weren’t able to see any fast pass lines. But we both wanted to go on the new attraction so we just got into the regular line, the signs said we were about 45 mins from the front. Immediately behind us was a large lady [EM], with her son [EK] who was about ten. 

My girlfriend then spots some people entering a different cue wearing purple wristbands (fast passes). So we go passed the boy and his mom, exit the line and enter the new line. Since it had just opened I guess they hadn’t made an oficial sign for it yet, but there was a little gate with a paper tapped on to it that read FAST PASS & Wheelchairs. We go through, and there’s about 20 people in front of us now. 

After about a minute, we see the EM & EK behind us again. I didn’t make much of it, they probably hadn’t seen the entrance just as we had. But my girlfriend whispers in my ear, they don’t have fast passes. I look at their wrists, and she’s right. Their wristbands are green, the regular ones. She asks me if maybe we should say something so they don’t waist their time. Poor kid I think to myself, he probably wants to get on the ride as quick as possible, they’re just gonna send them back when they reach the front. 

So I tap on EM shoulder, this is paraphrasing by the way, this was all really in Spanish. “Excuse me, this line is for purple wristbands only.  They won’t let you go through here. You can go back—-“ 

“They’ll let me through, they always do!”  She exclaims. 

My girlfriend and I look at each other like wtf. 
“Okay, sorry!” I reply.

About three mins go by, and I guess we had been distracted for a little bit, cuz I see there’s about a 5 foot gap in the line in front of us. So we turn to move forward. And EM shoves passed us, her son right behind her.

I open my mouth to say something, but decide against it. They’re not gonna get on the ride anyway, so there’s really no point. They’re really strict about the wristbands. 

We finally reach the front of the line, and the ride operator asks to see EK & EMs wristbands. 
They were clearly trying to hide them by keeping their hands behind their back. EM quickly shows her the wristband and runs passed her and immediately starts getting on the ride, her son does the exact same. The ride operator tells her that this is the Fast Pass Line, and that she has to go back to the end of the regular line. 

“Okay, next time I will. I didn’t know.” -EM responds. 

“No, you’re gonna go, exit the ride and go to the back of the line.”

She lowers her sons harness, and then herselfs.

“I already lowered the harness, I’ll use the normal line next time. Promise!” 

The ride operator turns around and let’s me and my gf through. There weren’t any seats available on the ride anymore so I knew they were gonna get kicked off. 

The ride operator walks to her station on the other side of the platform, presses a button on the console, and all the harness go up. 

She walks towards us again, and gives EM a dirty look. EM looks pissed. Like demon from a horror movie pissed. She violently gets up and out of the platform cursing the operator out, her son right behind her. 

Once off the ride, the EK looks back and spits on the seat. 

The ride operator went and got some Lysol wipes and cleaned the seat. 

My gf and I sit on the ride and lower the harnesses, the ride operator leans in to make sure they’re tight. 

“They’re really pissed” I jokingly tell the ride operator. 

“They will be when they finds out he isn’t tall enough.“ She replys /nA little background- I have a 12 year old sister with down syndrome and autism. My mom and I took her to the doctors, and for a reward we took her to Starbucks after, since she loves Starbucks. 

EM- Entitled mother 

EK- entitled kid- about 6/7 years old

LS- Little sister 

B- Barista

So me and little sister get into Starbucks after the appointment while my mom stays in the car (she recently had back surgery so we don’t want her moving too much unnecessarily). We get inside and I order a drink for me, my mom, my daughter at home, and for my sister. 

Now, my sister was already pretty upset and stressed out since she had a rather painful appointment with way too many shots for her liking- but she desperately wanted this Starbucks. 

I go up to order, and behind me is EM and EK. I pay and we go to sit down at one of the tables to wait for our drinks, but my sister wasn’t having it and was running around crazy. The sweet barista then asks if she wants to watch her make the drink, so I walk over with her to part of the counter where you could see what is happening. LS is amazed and loved watching the barista mix the drink and put all the stuff in it. 

By now EM and EK had finished ordering, EM went to sit down, and EK wandered over to us to watch as well. I didn’t have a problem with this, and both the girls were having fun watching. LS got whipped cream on her drink, and the barista let her put her own sprinkles on it. 

Now here is where the drama starts. Right when EK sees that LS is putting her own sprinkles on her drink, she starts begging to put some sprinkles on herself. Here is the conversation that follows- 

EK- I WANNA PUT SOME SPRINKLES ON IT TOO 

B- Well sweetie this is actually LS’s drink, but you can put some sprinkles on when your drink is ready 

EK- BUT NO I WANT TO PUT SPRINKLES ON THIS ONEEEEEEE (Insert wailing here) 

* At this point EM comes over* 

EM- what’s the problem here? 

B- Well your daughter wanted to put some sprinkles on this other little girls drink, but I told her no since it doesn’t belong to her. 

EM- Well why can’t my daughter put some on it too? You let this other girl. 

B- Like I said before, this isn’t her drink, and I did mention that she could put sprinkles on her own. 

EK- MOMMY I WANT TO PLEASEEEEE

EM- Well we’re not putting sprinkles on a pink drink, so just give her the damn sprinkles. 

* at this point LS is getting overstimulated from all the yelling so I try taking her away, but she is so determined to get this drink that she won’t leave.*

The barista slides the drink over to me and LS, but right before we can take it, EM comes over and grabs it and gives it to EK. 

Me and Barista both start telling her that the drink is LS’s but she just ignores us and gives it to EK. 

LS starts screaming and trying to grab it from EK. EK gets scared and runs behind EM, and while I’m trying to control LS, EK takes a sip of the drink and SPITS IT OUT ONTO THE FLOOR. 

EK- MOMMY I DON’T LIKE THIS IT TASTES LIKE THROW UP!!! 

EM- Excuse me- this isn’t the drink we want. EK obviously doesn’t like it, I want a refund. 

Both me and barista are completely shocked, and barista starts trying to reason with EM. I didn’t completely hear everything that happened since LS started having a panic attack. Once again I tried leaving with her, but this girl would not leave without her drink. 

Eventually EM and EK leave, and throw the drink in the trash. What they say next though made me so angry I was speechless. The barista told them they needed to pay for the drink, and as EM is walking through the door, she says “Tell that little (Insert slur toward people with mental disabilities) to pay for it.” At this point I’m fuming and I wanted to run after her and give her a piece of my mind, but instead I was frozen in shock, that someone would use that word to a CHILD 

Anyways, the barista apologized, and let LS help make another drink on the house, and even threw in a cake pop./nBackstory: I worked at a BBQ restaurant from when I was 12 - 20 (my parents owned it) and I did everything from dishes, bussing, orders, food prep, alcohol, etc. I've done it all. Where I lived, the summer was the craziest. During every other season, it was dead. The summer saw all the crazies and stressed tourists (met some amazing people as well). Taking orders I've seen/heard it all. I get if people have a bad day they can not be as forgiving (however this isn't an excuse to be an ass).

EP - entitled witch S - entitled witch's kid M - me D - my Dad

Scene One: blistering hot day. line was out the door (this was a fast casual where you ordered at a counter), everyone was running around trying to do 100 tasks at once. I was working the cash register/taking orders. Enter EP and S

Me - Hi, how you doing?

EP - (kind of brushes me off) fine

Me - What can I get started for you today?

EP - Can my son and I see the vegan menu please?

Sidenote: Keep in mind the menu was right behind my head with every item clearly displayed

Me - I'm sorry ma'am we actually don't have a vegan menu but do you have any questions about other items?

EP - Well, what can I get here that's vegan?

Last sidenote: I'm actually vegan as well (I know working in a BBQ restaurant as vegan - but I've lost the taste after working there so long) so I can understand how it can be frustrating going places and not being able to find things to eat other than some lettuce scraps, but at least I'm not going into places where I know I can't get anything in the first place. She also wasn't standing with a husband or anyone else who looked like was going to order and may have brought them along with her (they were alone).

Me - Really the only thing we have is the side salad and we could do that without croutons (i.e. everything is made with meat, dairy, cooked in it)

EP: Well - we don't want salad, we want something BBQed.

Me, kind of stumped: I'm so sorry but that's the only vegan it-

EP, throwing her hands up and raising her voice: WELL what are we supposed to eat?!

Me: Uh

EP: Absolutely ridiculous that you cannot cater to those who are vegan/vegetarian,etc....

Me: I'm so sorry - it's just that we are a BBQ place that specializes in-

EP: Let me speak to the manager

At this point the line is freakishly long behind her and people are starting to stare and give her that WTF look. I go to grab my Dad who is unloading stuff from suppliers and I told him what was going on so he's already annoyed with the situation and knowing there's nothing he can do to help

D: Hi I heard there was an is-

EP: WE ARE PAYING CUSTOMERS and it's ridiculous that you have nothing AVAILABLE FOR MY SON AND I TO EAT. YOU ARE CUTTING A WHOLE GROUP OF PEOPLE OUT AS PAYING CUSTOMERS BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH

Now my Dad is really accommodating and nice with customers but press him and he will not be kind.

D: Ma'am I am sorry you feel this way HOWEVER you walked into a BBQ restaurant. We serve BBQ, we're not a vegan place and don't claim to be. If you want vegan food, there's a great place down the street I can point the way to. The sign outside says BBQ, ribs, brisket, etc. - that's what we sell, and to walk into some place demanding a service/product that we don't advertise is on you. Now - we can make you up a big side salad and you can enjoy our patio but if you are going to yell at deadbeatwhiner and disturb the peace of other customers, then I'd suggest the restaurant down the street.

EP, screeching: HOW DARE YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE WE ARE NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN YOU'LL HEAR ABOUT IT ON YELP. I'D LIKE TO SPEAK TO THE OWNER HE WILL HEAR ALL ABOUT THIS

D: I am the owner

At this point the EP kind of screams insults and then storms out the door. My Dad then called the owner of the vegan place down the street (his friend) and let him know who may be coming his way. I got back to working and every customer who came up afterwards that was behind her just shit talked her with me. Never saw a Yelp review. She gives vegans a bad rep.

Then everyone clapped (just kidding).

Edit: words are hard
Edit: thanks for the Silver, all the upvotes and comments! i read all of them! last night i tried to sit and empathize with her and see it from her angle to see if maybe I was in the wrong(???). Referencing my sidenote, since I’m also vegan it can be sometimes hard to find things to eat at certain places however i get embarrassed to even ask if they have certain items or if they can make adjustments and I’m usually super grateful if they go out of their way to check or make something. I have the common sense to understand that not everyone is there to accommodate me and my eating choices that I have made and decide to pursue (i usually go to places that i know i can find things). Now, her reaction - completely off the handle. Yelling is usually not going to get you anywhere especially if you have a “can a speak to your manager” haircut and attitude./nTl;dr at the end

So for starters, yeah I'm fat. I've made a couple posts on here where i mention that, and also I'm sure you could guess from the username. 

So this happened about 2 weeks ago. My girlfriend works in this complex that has a McDonalds in it. If she has a 4 hour shift and we have plans afterwards, i usually just hang at the McD's, and sometimes I'll get myself a lil something if i haven't eaten yet. This was the case on this day. I order myself a mcdouble, hashbrown, and a mcchicken. I hear a woman (EM) scoff behind me when i place my order. I'm used to people being assholes about my weight so I barely even recognize it. I did notice, however, that when i was waiting for my order that she hadn't ordered anything but was standing at the food pickup, eying me down. Weird but whatever. The worker calls my order number and i walk to the counter to get it. That's when EM walks up and tries to snatch it out of the workers hands

Me: "Sorry ma'am, but that's my order."

I show her and the worker the receipt which had the same number as the bag of food, obviously.

EM: "Well you obviously don't need it, look at all of you!"

Me: "Yes I'm quite gorgeous, thank you."

EM: "Ew god no, look how fat you are. If you eat anymore you'll have a heart attack!"

Me: "Good to know!"

I grab my food and try to leave

EM: "My daughter wants basically this exact order, and you don't need it, so hand it over."

She's grabbing at the bag, and now I'm the fatty protecting his food (yes I found/still find this funny, dont worry)

Me: "Okay, give me $20 and you can have it."

EM: "First off, you payed $6 for that, and my daughter is sick so she deserves it."

Me: "Well of this is gonna give me a heart attack, I'd hate to think what it would do to your sick daughter."

I head for my truck at this point cause I've caused enough of a commotion and i feel I have pissed her off to my satisfaction. I hop in my truck and start reversing out of my spot. Out of the corner of my eye I see what looks like someone running to my car. I look and see EM SPRINTING towards my car, and fucking yeeting herself into the front bumper. Now this is my dad's truck, and it's his baby. He paid a good 50 grand for this beauty and god help anyone trying to fuck with it. I also love the thing to death so I'm beyond livid.

Me, shouting: "WHAT THE F*** IS WRONG WITH YOU, YOU STUPID F****** C***."

EM, now trying to draw a crowd: "THIS FATTY JUST TRIED TO RUN ME OVER, SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ME."

By some crazy blind luck, there was a police car waiting in the drive through, in full view of what just happened. He reverses out of the drive through and parks behind the truck.

EM: "Officer thank God. This man just tried to run me over after stealing my food. Arrest him NOW."

Cop: "Ma'am I saw you run into the truck, I was waiting in the drive through line."

All of the colour drains from EM's face. She starts booking it down the street, but the cop caught up to her quickly and detained her. She was sitting in the back of the car, cuffed, and just GLARING at me as told him everything that happened, from her trying to take my food to what she did to the car. He got statements off of the people and a few employees who witnessed everything. She ended up getting charged for harrassing me in the store, and damaging the truck. Don't try coming between a thiccboi and his food.

Tl;dr EM wanted my food because i was too fat to eat it, tried to get me arrested for "running her over."

Edit: wow i didn't expect this to get so much attention! Thanks for all the support everyone, y'all fucking rule!

Edit 2: Honestly i don't think she actually has a daughter, she just wanted some free McDicks/nWhen I was 13 I got a video camera for my birthday and started making home videos. One day my two younger brothers and I were walking to their school playground to make a fun video, and I had my tiny camcorder in a small leather satchel-type bag. We lived in a small neighborhood with no through traffic, so we were walking in the middle of the road.

Two girls about my age saw us and quickly ran inside. I didn't think anything of it, until Entitled Mom (EM) comes running out.

EM: You! Get over here right now!

Me: uh... Ok?

EM runs to me and grabs me by my shirt while I'm walking towards her, yanking at my camera bag like her life depended on it. At this point I have no idea what she thinks I did. My brother's were maybe 9 and walked over with me. I was very non-confrontational as a kid, and maybe a little too scared of authority, so I just let her rip it off my neck. She then holds it away from her with two fingers like it's disgusting or something. 

EM: Where do you live! 

Me: right down the street...

EM: Stay right here or else! 

She runs inside with my bag and comes out a few minutes later on the phone. I calmed down and realized that I shouldn't have let her take my bag, so I told her to go get it and give it back because we were leaving. 

EM: (flabbergasted) I AM AN ADULT AND YOU ARE GOING TO JAIL FOR HAVING A GUN! 

Me: It's just a camera!

She didn't listen. Cops showed up and looked in the bag, gave it back, told me to go home. EM was unwilling to let it go and started screaming about how I scared her daughter and her friend and that it was a crime. Obviously they disagreed. I hope the cops made that bitch feel like the idiot she was. /nStereotypical I am on mobile warning. TLDR is basically the title

To preface, I own my own jewelry business. I have a couple stories that can be added here if there is interest.

I was doing a small local Celtic festival and I was just starting out at the time. This was under my own purple 10x10 pop up tent with attachable sidewalls (this minor detail comes into play later.)

Cast, you know the usual suspects 
EM Entitled Mother
ED Entitled daughter
Me your friendly neighborhood crazy squirrel girl
DH my best friend, my love, my darling husband, 


So the show is going and I only have two sidewalls up to block the sun. I am sitting behind the tables in the back working on a custom order for a client. I am in the corner where the sidewalls meet. 

Enter EM & ED who was about 15ish (I can't tell to be honest)
My DH starts his typical chat and spiel with the mother. She tells him she is just looking.

EM  sees I am working and starts to move items on the tables so she can lean over this two foot wide table to see what I am working on. 

I pop my head up and lift my magnifying goggles, and say "Umm, excuse me ma'am please don't rearrange my stock."

EM "Well I can't see what you are doing."

Me "I am working on a client's custom necklace, if you need a hand, DH will happily assist you."

EM "That doesn't look hard to do, you should hire my daughter. She makes paracord bracelets."

Me "We are not hiring at the moment but I will keep your suggestion in mind."

EM "Well she can do sales you shouldn't have a Male working selling jewelry."

(DHs eyebrows go up and he rolls his eyes behind her back)

ED "Mom, I want to buy this and this." Picking a couple pairs of earrings and a necklace

EM "No sweetie, wait until you are an employee and use your discount."

Me "I am sorry, but we are not hiring at the moment, and that 'male' is my husband and business partner.

EM *Huffs* and grabs her daughter by the arm and starts to walk away.

I nod to DH to chase after them to get product back from ED. 

He comes back and we chuckle over the situation and thought it was over. I was wrong. So wrong.

1 hr later EM comes back.

EM "I have been watching from over there, and you have sold a lot of jewelry. I can also see a lot of people walking around with your bags."

Me "Ok. Thanks"

EM "So, I think I should be your business partner. You can make everything and I will sell it and keep half the money."

Me. Honestly my mind went into blue screen of death mode and my jaw was on the ground. 

DH "Excuse me, could you repeat that ma'am?"

EM "I am not talking to you, I am talking to HER"

Me finally rebooted brain "I am sorry. I am not looking for a partner right now. I already have one"

EM "Oh he doesn't count, he is just your husband he doesn't do anything."

Me "Ok that's it" I stand up "Ma'am, I do not need or want a partner, and I am not looking for an employee. This is a family business. Have a great day."

EM stalks off.

10 minutes later, hubby goes off for a break. Suddenly I hear a ripping noise as a sidewalk gets ripped off my tent. I stand up ready to defend my cash box. Its HER.

She starts ranting at me in a high pitch scratchy voice. Honestly at this point I can barely pay attention to her words. She starts trying to grab at my tools while saying how she can sell my stuff for me and I NEED her.

I scream for security and DH (I could see him 2 booths away) 
I turn to her "Get your f*ing hands off my stuff now and get the F*ck out of my booth."

Security came heard me out first and removed her from the festival.

Later comparing notes she tried this on another booth too./nSo to start the story off, I work at my school bookstore. We usually get apparel and merchandise every day but now that school is winding down, we may get new stuff in every other day, which is fine for me as I am in charge of apparel. On this particular day, I was wearing a popular hoodie in size small (by popular, I mean it had to be restocked every so often due to how quickly they sold out of the store). I got gotten it days prior and it was the last one on the rack in that size. I was told by my manager that a new shipment of smalls would be in by the weekend so I kept the larger sizes on the rack (Medium-3XL) to fill in the gap for the smalls until they arrived. I am in the front of the store at the cash register straightening hangers. Enter EM and her daughter EK.

They enter the store like nothing and I allow them to peruse before I ask them do they need help. Of course they said no so I just left them alone and went back to my register. They go to the hoodies and start looking through the sizes.

EK: Are there any more of these hoodies in size small?

Me: No ma'am. As of right now, we have no more smalls in store but we are expecting a shipment in this week so they will be restocked soon.

EK: \*rolls her eyes at my response\* Whatever.

They continue to look around and grab items. After what felt like forever, they made it to the register for check out.

As I am scanning and bagging their items, I ask them did they find everything in the store they were looking for.

EK: No because you lied and said there are no more smalls and you clearly have on a small.

Me: I was able to buy the last small before they were all gone. We are accepting another shipment in soon and if you'd like you can order one on our websi-

EM cuts me off

EM: Give her yours.

Me: Huh.

EM: My daughter said she needs a small and you will give her that small.

Me: No I'm not. We will have more in by the weekend and they can ordered on our website.

EK: \*stomps her foot\* GIVE ME THAT SMALLThe General Manager (B) pokes her head out of her office to see what's going on.

B: Is there a problem?

EM: YES. Your employee won't give my daughter that small hoodie \*she points to the one I"m wearing\*

B: Ma'am we don't have any more of those hoodies in size small but we are exp-

EM: \*cuts her off\* I'M TALKING ABOUT THE ONE SHE'S WEARING

B:\*looks at me with the most confused face ever\* Ma'am she is not a mannequin there is no way she can nor will I allow for her to give you the hoodie off her back. Please pay and leave.

EM: BUT WE'RE THE CUSTOMERS!

EK: \*scoffs and rolls her eyes\* Just pay so we can get the hell out of here

EM quickly pays with a card and as I am giving her the receipt, she snatches it out of my hand.

EM: You'll be hearing from my lawyer. \*They leave\*

When they left, I told my manager the whole story from when they walked in to before she intervened. She let me take an early lunch after that.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Mom and daughter want hoodie that I'm wearing because I have on the size her daughter wants. Manager comes to my defense. Mom threatened us with lawyer as she leaves. We never heard from any lawyers.

&#x200B;

EDIT: For everyone that is skeptical, I have no reason to lie. The mom and her daughter were black (as am I). The mom had natural hair (mid 40s) and the daughter (she looked to be around 20) had box braids. Yes, we never heard from any lawyers but the president of my school did come by to talk to my GM about an email he received from a "disgruntled customer." And for everyone who wants to see the hoodie, the school name and logo are on it so I'm skeptical to post it.

I found a similar looking hoodie on FansEdge so people can get a gist of how the hoodie looked. [https://www.fansedge.com/fanatics-branded-michigan-state-spartans-black-campus-pullover-hoodie/p-2488338](https://www.fansedge.com/fanatics-branded-michigan-state-spartans-black-campus-pullover-hoodie/p-2488338) **THIS IS NOT THE SCHOOL I ATTEND. THIS HOODIE IS SIMILAR TO THE HOODIE IN QUESTION. THIS STORY TAKES PLACE IN LOUISIANA.** /n(Had to re-uplod because i didn't have enough karma)

Disclaimer: sorry for any misspellings, I **DO** speak english, i'm just a fucking idiot

Context: so my mom has a daycare that she runs in our house and there's this lady that used to bring her "5 kids" (two 5 year old one 10 year old a 2 year old and a 6 year old BRAT) to day care usually just two or three at a time and about 1 and a half years ago (I was 13 going to be 14 at the time and now i'm 15 so yeah that's about right) my dog had babies, 4 puppies 3 boys 1 girl to be exacted, and the next day the mother decided to all five of her kids with her and "have a chit-chat" with my mom for a few minutes.

now my mother was already stress with the 4 puppies now she has to deal with four kids and a mother who doesn't know when to leave so now since you know the story here is what had happened

YOUR CAST:

EM=ENTITLED PARENT

B=BRAT

M=MY MOM

me=THE ALL POWERFUL SCRUMPIT BOY (... i-it's me guy ... it's me)

YOUR STORY:

my mom was cooking a meal after we had a long day of taking care of kids and puppies when "you know who" knocks on our door

EM: **\*knocks on door\***

M: **\*opens\*** Oh ... EM what are you doing her

EM: I wanted to come by and say hello

**\*children start running in and imediantly start making a mess\***

M: ***\*laughs akwardly\**** I see you brought the whole cast

EM: yep, I decided to bring all of them since I could leave them home with \[husbands name\] and you babysit anyway so i thought you wouldn't mind

M: I guess it's fine

my Mom and EM sit and talk while the kids are running around the house, meanwhile I am with my dog watching those puppies like a hawk, when B ask me a question that i had underestimated the power of,

B: can i hold one of the puppies?

me: sorry B the puppies have to be with there mom right now

B: aw ... but it just for a second

me: i'm sorry but the puppies have to be with there mom

B then crosses his arms and go to his mom, now this might be my first post but this is not my first interaction with [r/entitledparents](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents), and his mom just looks at me with "nice smile" and says,

EM: can you please let B hold one of the puppies he good with dogs

Me: i'm sorry EM but the puppies were only born yesterday and they need to be with there mom

EM: oh come on they'll be fine

M: my on is right, you can't touch the babies when they've just bin born

EM: oh, but your son is touching them

she them looks at my mom like she caught her lying about something

me: but i'm wearing gloves and not removing them from the cage, just helping my dog feed them

just so you can know I was moving the babies to the dogs breast when ever they couldn't find it, and they were in a cage because that was the safest place for them to be (plus my dog gave birth in it *soooo*)

EM: **\*she then gets a little louder\*** WELL JUST GIVE HIM A PAIR OF GLOVES

me: i'm sorry EM but your son can't pick up the puppies

EM then glares at me and start talking to my mom again, while B is standing nest to her angry, as my Mom was talking EM was half listening and look like she was thinking, when my mom went to the kitchen to get back to the food she was cooking and EM makes a grin and whispers to B and he look really happy so I get suspicious

I now have my guard on the puppies at 110% when B walk pass the cage about 5 times then when my mom calls me to the kitchen i walk to the kitchen keeping an eye on B when I get in the kitchen my Mom passes me some food and I meadiantly put my food down as I hear quiet wimpering and run to the cage

I than see B with one of the puppies in his hand and my dog looking at him confused

me: **\*with a strong but not raised voice\*** I said not to pick up the puppies, please put it back

B: **\*screeching\*** NNNOOOOOO

EM: just let him

me: I said for your son not to touch the puppies

EM: ARE YOU SAYING MY SON CAN'T BE GENTLE WITH SOME DAM PUPPIES

meanwhile he's flying the puppies around like a toy plane, when i decide to go get the puppy from him, as I go to grab it he ***THROWS IT*** at the cage and it screams in pain

me: **WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING YOU LITTLE SHIT!!!!**

B then tries to stomp on the puppy that on the floor when I run to smack him but my dog beats me to it by biting him VERY HARD cutting threw his skin as B starts screeching my dog pick up the puppy and helps it stop crying

EM: YOUR RABBIT DOG JUST BIT MY SON

me: my dog only bit your son because he threw it at the cage

EM: WHO CARE THE IT WAS JUST BORN IF IT DIES WHO CARE

now that got me really pissed

me: **ME, MY MOM, AND THE DOG WOULD CARE NOW GET THE OUT OF OUR HOUSE YOU BITCH**

EM: **\*almost splitting the earth in half itself\* HOW DARE YOU CALL ME A BITCH, M CONTROL YOUR CHILD NOW**

my mom was busy checking if the puppy was okay (the puppy was perfectly fine if your wondering)

M: I am so sorry EM son say that your sorry and go to your room

now you might be thinking that my mom went crazy that she didn't see what happened but by just looking at her i knew what was going to happen ... well not the *exacted* plan but close enough, I went down the hallway and peek around the corner and saw my mom fixing up B's cut when she bring up all the money EM owes us from bringing her kids here today and all the "freebies" that my Mom gave her and it turned out she owned use about 5,000+ dollars

E M went crazy but it quickly stop when my Mom gave her such a "look" that it could kill **GODS**, EM then reluctantly took out her check book and wrote the check for 5,000+ dollars and when she was leaving my Mom told her that if she comes near her, me, or her dog again she would beat her ass so bad that she be sore for years and (and that it goes double if the check bounced LMAO) the EM then left in a huff with her kids and said how she would sue use for assalt of a minory and animal abuse, and I guess she either forgot or was just bluffing because she never came back.

TD;LR = a EM bring her five kids to my mom at home daycare and one of the kid throw a newborn puppy at the cage she then has to pay my Mom alot of money an runs off ion a huff

P.S. we sold all the puppy but the one that got thrown at the cage was the cutest, biggest, sold for the most money ($1,250 to be exacted)

P.P.S. 3 days ago fro m this post my dog had 4 more puppies (3 boys 1 girl again) and they are growing up nice and beautifully ... and a bit spoiled.

&#x200B;

Edit: here is the puppies [pups](https://imgur.com/a/BgTZcC5)/nI was grocery shopping with my grandmother. The old lady was struggling with those shitty platic bags at the vegetables aisle that you need some kind of magical powers to open. After I finished teasing her about how she was struggling, I give her a paper bag saying : "here, it will be easier. And it's more environnemental friendly anyway. No sea turtles will shoke on it". Since I was talking to a 87 years old woman, my voice was a bit louder than it would be in a public setting, since she is not hard on hearing, no missy, not at all. Everyone else is just too soft-spoken, and doesn't know how to articulate. And TV sounds systems had gone to shit over the years.

&#x200B;

No sooner I ended that sentence, that I heard wailing in the vicinity of my hip. I look down, and here was a little boy clutching his plushy sea turtle, and crying as if I just killed a bunch of sea turtles myself in front of his eyes.

&#x200B;

Oh shit, I told to myself, because I miraculously managed to have enough self-control to not curse in front of the kid I already managed to traumatized a bit.

&#x200B;

My very supportive grandmother grinned at me, whished me good luck, and walk away in the hunt of chocolate cookies or another sugary items she pretends her doctor told her she can totally eat with her diabetes, and tries to sneak in the cart when I am not looking.

&#x200B;

Between the overgrown toddler that I call "mémé", and the real toddler that was still crying his heart out, I decided to deal with that I thought that would be the easiest, and crounched down to the boy's level.

&#x200B;

"Hey, kid. You heard what I said?", I asked in my soft this-is-a-dangerous-animal-that-will-attack-and-kill-you-if-you-make-too-loud-noise-or-sudden-movement voice.  The kid nodded his head quickly and forcefully. I lightly put my hand on his head to make him stop, because I was a bit afraid he'd make himself sick or snapped his neck or something.

&#x200B;

"Where's your parents?", I asked him then. It only then occured to me that it's been about half a minute, and no parents came to rescue their screaming kid. 

&#x200B;

The kid pointed to a woman a bit farer away. She was leaning on her cart looking at her phone. I have to admit that I rolled my eyes, and internally passed judgement on this woman, while completely forgetting that I too spend my time in the store looking at my phone since it's where there's the shopping list. I was now a judgemental bitch as well as a toddler's traumatizer.  That was not a good day for me.

&#x200B;

Nonetheless, I took the kid hand, and walked him to the woman. She didn't notice us approaching, nor standing there. The kid had calmed down a bit, but he was still sniffling and hipcupping and making weird crying noises that only toddler have the secrets.

&#x200B;

"Excuse me, miss?", I called in my I-m-talking-to-so-not-deaf-gramma voice. 

&#x200B;

She finally looked up from her phone, looked at me in a somewhat dazed look. Then she finally noticed her kid who was still holding my hand, and clutching his sea turtle, and clearly upset. 

&#x200B;

She took her kid away from me, a bit forcefully, her face changed into "crazy angry bitch", and she yelled at me : "Why are you with my son, what have you done to him !".

&#x200B;

Since I was feeling guilty, I took the yelling. And tried to explain the situation. "It seems that he overheard me talking about the effect of plastic bags on sea turtles". I tried to phrase it in a way that I avoid to say in front of the kids that sea turtles are dying, again. In the stupid hope he had already forgotten what he heard about 2 minutes ago. 

&#x200B;

Of course, the mom don't understand and I need to be more explicit. So I literally spelled it out. I said "that they C-H-O-K-E on it"...because I lost my brain and sense of ridicule in the vegetable aisle, apparently.

&#x200B;

Of course the kid wasn't interely stupid. He might not know how to spell, but he knew what we were talking about and he didn't have any issue with immediate memory. So he went back at crying. The mom ignored  it. To her, the appropriate course of action here was to scream at me some more, instead of trying to comfort her crying kid.

&#x200B;

"Why would you tell this to a child?", she asked me.

&#x200B;

"I didn't told him that. I wouldn't do something like that. I was talking to my grandmother. I haven't seen him near me. He simply overheard. And I'm sorry he overheard that". I defended myself, and finally managed to work-in the apology that I wanted to give since the beginning.

&#x200B;

"You shouldn't talk about such sensitive topics when there's kid around", she still screamed at me. At that point, I'm low-key impressed that her voice isn't hoarsed already. 

&#x200B;

"I didn't know that your kid was there", I repeated. Then I tried to go past it, because blame is good and great, but there's still an upset and confused kid there. "Look, I'm knowledgeable on the topic, and I'm used to work with kids. Would you agree that we explain all of it to him together, so he can understand better, and be less afraid for his best friend?"

&#x200B;

"Are you calling me a bad mom?", she screeched. 

&#x200B;

Confused because, where the hell did she picked that from what I said, I answered "hmm no?". I have to confess, in petto, I was thinking that I was starting to consider it. I mean, woman, your kid is crying in your arms, and you're more focused on me than the kid. What the hell?

Then it occured to me that it's time that get myself away from the situation. 

&#x200B;

"I apologize again", I said. "I'm sorry I unwillingly upset you son.",  I said to the woman. But I couldn't just leave without trying to reassure the kid somehow. "Don't worry. Your friend will be fine if you make sure all the plastic bags your family use don't go in the water".

&#x200B;

As I started to walk away the woman grabbed my arm. "You stay here. This is not enough. I want you to buy him a toy. To compensate".

&#x200B;

I foolishly agreed, thinking about the little 3 euros toys that they sells in the shop. They always have little figurine to do with the sea. But no, she had something else in mind. She brought me to the toys aisles and pointed at the little electric cars.

&#x200B;

Okay, here I understood. The kid surely asked for it. She doesn't have the money, and is trying to use me to get it for him.

&#x200B;

"I can't afford that". She tried to start to argue, but I cut her off. "Look, I left my eldery and sick grandmother alone long enough. I need to get back to her", and I walked away very quickly, as if I had eaten really spicy chili the night before and needed to find a bathroom quickly.

&#x200B;

When I came back to my grandmother, she had added Oreos and chocolate eclair in the cart. Then I had to convince her to not go find that woman and hit her with her cane. She only agreed to let it go if I let her keep the Oreos. /nTitle Edit: MY CHILD IS DYINGGGGG

Hello! I am back, and for those who don't know me please see my post history. If you are too lazy then please read this quick overview:

1. My name is Bookworm (Hi!)
2. I have a service dog in training who is a corgi (medical and psychiatric alert and response dog)
3. In my state, SDiTs have the same right as SDs
4. A LOT of entitled parent stories about her
5. I am about to by a senior in the MidWest
6. I have begun to expirence mobility issues as well

So! On to the story:

&#x200B;

I was at my local mall walking around with one of my good friends with my SDiT (her name is Cora). I was looking at a clothes rack with Cora sitting/laying down right next to me. She has a blue service dog vest with two IN TRAINING patches on either side.

&#x200B;

I feel someone go: "OMG DOGGIE" and I turn around and there is this adorable little girl who couldn't have been older than five. She was running towards Cora and Cora perked her ears up, (sidenote: my dog LOVES kids, she always flips onto her back for them so they can pet her tummy)

Me: Whoa, hang on sweetie,

*I move in front of my dog and crouch down so I'm eye level with the little girl*

Me: You can't pet her

LG (little girl): Why not?

Me: She's service dog, which means she has a job to do

LG: What kind of job?

Me: I have medical issues and her job is to help me through them

*The little girl's mother comes running into view and she looks at us*

EP: There you are LG

*EP grabs the LG*

EP: You can't go running away like that

LG: Mommy! Look! A doggie

EP: Oh, how cute

*She looks at me*

EP: Where did you get her?

Me: I got her from a breeder that specifically breeds corgis for SD work

EP: Oh-

LG: Mommy, I wanna pet the doggie

EP: Oh I'm sure this nice lady will let you

*I open my mouth and the LG says*

LG: No because this lady says her dog is a service dog

EP: Aren't service dogs supposed to provide comfort?

Me: Actually-

EP (interupts): Don't service dogs provie comfort to children in hospitals? My baby is DYING. SHE JUST GOT OUT OF THE HOSPITAL AND THIS IS HER LAST WISH. HOW DARE YOU DENY MY BABY HER LAST WISH.

*I look at the girl who is currently dancing around while the EP is screeching at me*

EP: WHAT YOU ARE DOING IS AGAINST THE LAW! I KNOW MY RIGHTS AS A PARENT OF A SICK CHILD!

Me: I'm sorry your child is sick but if a dog came to see her in the hospital that is not a service dog. They're called therapy dogs.

EP: YOU'RE SUCH A LIAR!

*My friend comes over and God bless my friend because she doesn't stand for anyone's bullshit*

Friend; Shut up

EP: EXSCUSE ME?!

Friend: Either you're dumb, blind, or just plain stupid. This dog as a vest that says DO NOT PET, so either you also need a guide dog or manners on how to act like a resonable person.

*EPs mouth drops open and she starts to screech again but my friend cuts her off*

Friend: You're setting at terrible example for your daughter and I'm glad my mother isn't like you. Let me break it down for you. This. Is. Not. Your. Dog. It doesn't matter if this is a pet dog on the street. You aren't entitled to pet *anyone's* dog. What makes it worst is that you are in violation of the Americans of Disability Act which means *you're* breaking the law, not Bookworm. This dog is tasked to migrate my friend's disabilities. So you have two choices. Either I call security and the police or you can walk away. Your choice.

&#x200B;

*EP sputters like a fish but my friend just stands there with her arms cross. Cora alerts to me letting me know my medial issues are beginning to act up. EP grabs her child and storms away as the little girl waves back at us.*

LG: Bye good doggie!

\*After they walk away my friend and I find a table to sit at as Cora curls up underneath the table. She gets me my meds from Cora's vest and some water from a nearby water fountain.

I hope you guys like this story! Sorry, I think I labeled the title wrong. I was about to write another story but I thought this one would be better!! I’ll write the other one soon!

&#x200B;

Edit: [https://www.reddit.com/r/corgi/comments/c5qju9/my\_sdit\_shes\_changed\_my\_life\_in\_more\_ways\_than\_one/](https://www.reddit.com/r/corgi/comments/c5qju9/my_sdit_shes_changed_my_life_in_more_ways_than_one/)

&#x200B;

Link to my SDiT!

Edit: Gold and Silver??? Thank you so much guys!

Edit #2 PLATINUM?? OMG! Thanks guys/nA little context; my mother ran a daycare for single parents out of our home. She ran it until I turned eighteen. She charged very little compared to other daycares because she wanted to help out people who were struggling. We had all kinds of people's kids in there, and most of them were great. Sometimes I was a little annoyed at constantly having a lot of random, new kids in the house, but I managed.

My family's religious, as am I, and I have respect for all religions, but one of the parents who's two girls we took care of was fanatically even more religious than us. She'd believe any conspiracy when it came to 'evil' things. She wouldn't let her kids watch any films with talking animals because she said it was witchcraft, nor let them have dolls because they were 'idols'. Though despite how careful she was keeping her kids away from 'evil spirits', she had a ridiculously poor judgement when it came to men, and would marry them within months of meeting them, then divorce when she realized she'd brought some creeper into the home and put her kids in danger. I'll refer to her as EM.

Now, I really loved to draw, and I'd finally settled on an half anime-esque style that worked well for me. There isn't a day I don't draw. It's everything to me. I was carrying a simple drawing of Kenshin from Rurouni Kenshin through the house on my way to my room as EM was coming to pick her kids up in the evening, and she saw it.

I showed her what I'd drawn when she asked to see, and she flipped. Now, it's been years, so this is a sum-up of what's been said.

EM: "Is that anime? Anime is evil! It has evil spirits attached to it!"

Me: "It's just my drawing style. It's fine. I drew Kenshin. He's a swordsman that protects people. He's a good guy."

EM: "No! Anime is evil! You can't draw that anymore! I don't want the evil spirits to come out and get attached to my kids!"

Me: "There aren't any 'evil spirits' attached to this. I'm not even drawing 'evil' things."

EM: "No! You can't draw that around my kids anymore."

Me: "I don't even show it to your kids. It's not evil. It's *just* an art style from Japan."

EM: "No, it has evil spirits!! You have to stop drawing it!"

After that, I quit trying to argue, and stayed quiet, walking away. She spent a good chunk of time trying to convince my mom that anime was evil, and that my art had spirits attached to it, and that she didn't want me to draw art like that anymore *in my own house*. It made my mom a little wary of anime, but otherwise she shrugged it off, and asked me to make sure EM didn't see any of my art lying around.

Which, I did, ~~but not before drawing a picture of Jesus in full anime style and leaving it out for EM to see.~~   I'll draw what I want in my own home, EM. Jeez.

&#x200B;

Edit: For those asking how she reacted to anime Jesus. Have you ever seen a fish trying to breathe out of water? Yup.

As for people wanting to see the drawing, it's been years since the event, and if I do still have the artwork, it's probably buried, so I drew one up from what I can remember it looked like. It's a ten minute sketch, so it's not my best, but here it is: [https://i.imgur.com/sgoJzM6.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/sgoJzM6.jpg)

Edit 2: "The only thing missing is his oversized anime hammer with "smite" written in Japanese on its head." Well, shoot, okay. ;)  [https://i.imgur.com/Es7t3LB.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/Es7t3LB.jpg)

&#x200B;

Edit 3: Thank you so much for the gold and silver!

Update: Today EM’s daughter messaged me asking for drawing tips. Time for a lesson in the evilest of arts./nA while ago, I made a post about an entitled mother trying to make me give up my first chair in concert band for her entitled daughter. (Here's the [link](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bjjrr9/em_thinks_ed_is_entitled_to_first_chair_a_week/) to it.) So, I had another very unpleasant encounter with this mother and her daughter and I promised to share any updates on this and as many of you wanted, it is my personal revenge on the entitled daughter. Get ready for an epic showdown. (Well, you have to at least imagine it, I couldn't take a video, sorry.)

&#x200B;

On Saturday last week, young musicians had the opportunity to earn badges (Bronze and Silver). Both me and ED took an exam each, I did Silver and she did Bronze. I did not see her there – not that I expected it – since my exam was in the afternoon and hers was at eight o’clock in the morning or something. Later in the evening, our youth leader (YL) approached me and congratulated me for passing with a very good score and asked me if I knew something about ED’s grade. I told him I didn’t and he looked at me with a frown. This is what he said to me:

&#x200B;

YL: You know, normally, all the people competing call me afterwards but since I know you don‘t like to call, I thought I’d just ask you now. ED’s teacher told me over and over again that she would not sign the form needed to enter but in the end, her mother made her do it. She gave in, so I was very curious if she passed or not …

&#x200B;

I was sceptical as to why he would tell me that but I didn’t give it any more thoughts and enjoyed my evening. On Wednesday, yesterday to be exact, I went to rehearsal for the concert we have on Friday. I had my earphones plugged in which I normally don’t do but the moment I entered the rehearsal room, everyone went quiet immediately. It took me a minute to actually notice and looked up. I asked them why they were staring at me like that when our chairsman (CM) approached me and put a hand on my shoulder.

&#x200B;

ME: Did someone die …? (Seriously, that was the first thing that came to my mind.)

CM: No, no, it’s just … EM and ED are here.

ME: … Why …?

&#x200B;

He sighed really heavily and everyone else pretended to be really busy but I know they eavesdropped. Incorrigible gossips.

&#x200B;

CM: You know, since ED passed the exam on Saturday and now has the Bronze badge, her mother wanted her to join concert band again. I know what you want to say but we don’t want to start a war or something like that. They are currently discussing matters with our band director but I wanted to talk to you first since they harrassed you during the last few rehearsals before the Easter Concert. So, what do you say?

ME: I was never fond of the idea of her joining and I am still not happy about how things have been. Earning a badge doesn’t naturally make her a better flutist and much less a better person. But if she’s willing to learn and take advice if someone tells her she’s wrong, I will not make a fuss about it.

CM: Thank you so much, *gegen\_wind*. I owe you something.

&#x200B;

Not really happy about those news, I sat down on my chair and started prepairing by playing a piece that was lying aroung. (I did my part with scales, I hate them and never want to play them again.) I managed to play five notes when our band director (BD), EM and ED exit the conference room and I immediately feel EM’s hateful stare on me. (Unfortunately, my two friends couldn’t make it to rehearsal that day, leaving me completely on my own.)

&#x200B;

BD: Ah, you’re already here, good. I guess you and CM did already discuss matters?

&#x200B;

I just nodded.

&#x200B;

BD: Well, I tried to reason with those two for the last thirty minutes. Listen, EM is convinced that ED deserves to play first chair since she did so well in the exam on Saturday. (Which was a lie, by the way, she barely passed.) Don’t worry, you don’t have to give up your parts nor your chair but I have to ask you both to play a piece at the end of rehearsal to see who deserves to have the first chair, is that alright for you?

ME: (already laughing inside because I know this will go on reddit) Of course, no problem.

EM: There you have it. My daughter plays so much better than you and she will prove it later on. I hope you’re the one who will get kicked out then, my daughter didn’t deserve to be treated like that!

ME: Yeah, yeah, whatever. Leave me alone.

&#x200B;

To prevent EM from harrassing me again, BD told her to go and come back in later to listen to her daughter if she insisted. She left with a smug grin but I was already done with her bullshit and just wanted to get this over with. During the rehearsal, she played as bad as usual. It was a tragedy, honestly. My heart hurts when someone mistreats an instrument like that. We also played the piece with my solo part and she had the audacity to play along. BD told her off and started over, much to everyone’s amusement. After nearly two hours of me resisting the urge to strangle ED, it was finally over. Just as BD handed us the sheet we would be playing from, EM came back with the smuggest look on her face.

&#x200B;

BD: Alright, who wants to begin?

EM: I think *gegen\_wind* should begin since she thinks she can beat ED. So my dear daughter can show everyone just how amazing she is in comparison to you.

ME: If that’s what you want.

&#x200B;

So, I start playing. The piece was not particularly hard and I’ve played it before a few times but the part for solo flute is very tricky if you don’t know how to play certain notes. (And don’t ask me what it’s called, the title was cut off and I honestly don’t remember the composer.) But overall, it is a regular Silver-leveled piece. And that level is required as a first chair player. (Yes, I did make my Silver badge only last week but I proved my skills and everyone was okay with me being first chair.)

After I finished, it was ED’s turn. But before she could start, EM demanded my flute. Again.

&#x200B;

EM: You should let ED play on your flute to make it fair.

ME: What? No.

EM: But your flute is a better one and has a better sound, if she plays with her one she will sound less good and that would be unfair! Give her your flute!

ME: I told you once and I’ll tell you again, keep your hands off my flute. Buy her a better one if you think that’s the problem. And if you try to grab for it, I will hurt you.

&#x200B;

I kept my flute in my hands and glared at EM and before she could say anything else, BD told ED to start playing. And, what shall I say … I whished I recorded that. Those were the most embarrassing five minutes in my entire life. ED made a complete and utter fool of herself, trying to finger her way through all those parts, not managing to get a single note right. She was completely out of tune as always, she missed the b flat all the time, playing b instead and she ruined the solo part like a champion. Really, it requires skill to mess up like that.

After she ended, her mother jumped from her chair and ran to her daughter.

&#x200B;

EM: My baby was just nervous! She plays much better when she isn’t put in a situation like that!

BD: This wasn’t nervousness. She just proved that she doesn’t belong in concert band.

ME: (internally) She just proved that she should never touch a flute again.

&#x200B;

The EM starts whining like a five-year-old.

&#x200B;

EM: This is not fair, they were not playing under the same conditions! My daughter is a much better player than she (she points at me) is! I demand that my daughter get’s the first chair immediately!

BD: (is like 100% done with her) Of course they were not playing under the same conditions! *gegen\_wind* is double her age and has so much more experience. There is a reason why she has the Silver badge now! Please, just leave. And never ask for her to come back. We’ve heard everything we needed. And don’t ever harrass *gegen\_wind* again.

&#x200B;

And that, ladies and gentlemen, is how I got rid of ED./nI made a post here a couple days ago and got reminded of this story when talking to a friend yesterday. As for some backstory, this happened about a year ago when i was working as a restaurant manager. I was kinda a jack of all trades, i was serving customers, managing/guiding all other staff members, i prepared the restaurant before opening every day and solved whatever problems occurred from the time i arrived until closing time.

&#x200B;

Our cast:

EM - Entitled mother

BB - Birthday boy

W - Waitress

Me - You guessed it, me :P

&#x200B;

So, i was just doing my thing. Serving tables, keeping everyone happy and keeping everything going smooth until i heard some ruckus at a table near the one i was serving. I look over and see W arguing with EM over something. I didn't really play attention to it because it happens from time to time. A couple minutes later W taps me on the shoulder and asks from some help. I say "Sure, what's up" and she said she had some trouble dealing with one of the customers.

&#x200B;

For some context, W was a 17 year old girl that helped us out on the weekends as a side job. She started working about 2 month's before all of this happened. She picked everything up really quick so it was rare for her to ask for help unless it was to lift up something heavy.

&#x200B;

She told me that EM wanted her to sit on BB's lap because it was his birthday yesterday. W obviously refused so EM started to argue about it (the argument i spotted earlier) and W just walked away. I told her to just ignore it for now and if it didn't stop or it escalated in any way to come get me. I said this just to see if EM was maybe joking and W didn't pick up on it (I wasn't there so it was hard to judge). W nodded and continued her work.

&#x200B;

Everything went pretty smooth until suddenly i heard W scream my name. Me (and everyone else in the restaurant) stop what i was doing and rushed over to see what was happening. When i turned the corner i saw EM grabbing W and trying to force her on to BB's lap. I ran over and pulled EM off W. EM instantly started screaming at me to let her go. I told her to sit down and then we'll talk. EM calmed down a bit and actually sat down, then i noticed a tray and a couple broken glasses laying on the floor.

&#x200B;

I turned and asked W if she was okay, she told me she was fine now but dropped the tray when EM suddenly grabbed her. I told her not to worry about it and asked her to clean it up while i dealt with EM. I turned back around and saw that EM had gotten pretty impatient. BB was super embarrassed and his friends where just sitting there in silence. Most of the customers had continued doing whatever they where doing but there where definitely people looking over.

&#x200B;

I calmly asked EM what happened, not that i didn't know what happened but i just wanted to heard her side of the story.

&#x200B;

EM - "It was BB's birthday yesterday and he turned 18. He's was just talking about how cute he thought that waitress was." while pointing at W.

Me - "Okay..."

EM -  "So i asked her to sit on BB's lap for a bit to make this day extra special for him but she refused."

Me - "Rightfully so."

EM - "She is being payed to serve us right? What's the harm in just sitting on his lap for a minute."

Me - "She is payed to serve you drinks, not to sit on peoples laps. Besides that, she doesn't want to sit on peoples laps. She doesn't know you or your son, why would she be comfortable with sitting on his lap?"

EM - "WHAT'S THE PROBLEM, he won't hurt her."

Me - "That doesn't matter, she doesn't want to sit on his lap. End of story. Now please drop it or I'll have to ask you to leave."

EM - "THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE, YOU CAN'T KICK ME OUT. Let me talk to the manager."

Me - "You are talking to the manager."

EM - "You're lying, you can't be the manager."

Me - "Why not?"

EM - "You are way to young" (i was 21 at the time)

Me - "Believe it or not, i am the manager here."

EM - "I wanna talk to the owner then."

Me - "He is not here today."

&#x200B;

At this point EM grabbed her drink (a full glass of red wine), stud up and threw it in my face while screaming "STOP FUCKING LYING TO ME." The restaurant dropped dead silent and I'm furious.

&#x200B;

Me - While trying to stay calm "Pay and get out..."

EM - "NO, you can't kick us out and I'm not gonna pay for this."

Me - "You reserved this table trough our website, which means we have all your contact info. If you refuse to pay we can just send you a bill. So i suggest you pay for your meal, the glasses you broke and leave."

EM - "I didn't break those glasses, SHE DROPPED THEM!" again pointing at W.

&#x200B;

I was done at this point so i apologized to the BB and his friends but EM left me no choice. BB was very embarrassed but he and his friends understood. I once again asked EM to just pay or she will be billed later with some extra administration fees of course. After a small argument about the broken glasses she refused to pay and walked out to BB and his friends who where waiting for her outside. While closing the door she yelled "THANKS FOR RUINING HIS BIRTHDAY PARTY!"

&#x200B;

A week later BB came back with his friends without EM to have a second attempt at celebrating his birthday and we had a great time. BB apologized to W for EM's behavior and all was good. EM was billed and reminded twice. She still refused to pay so she got a visit from a debt collected and was forced to pay 150% of the original bill we send her.

&#x200B;

This all happened about a year ago and i had to translate a bunch from Dutch to English so the conversations aren't 100% accurate. But i did my best to get it as close as possible :3/nBackground  me and my girlfriend  have been dating for about a month and decided to go swimming at the town pool
Cast
Em entitled mom
Ek entitled kid
GF girlfriend
Me me


While we were swimming gf swam up to me and said she was having an issue and needed to leave.
We go to the locker rooms and get changed. As I exit the locker room I see GF and Em having an argument

Em: HOW DISGUSTING MY SON DOSE NOT NEED TO SHE THAT

GF:in tears I'm sorry

I walk up to see what's wrong

Me:what's wrong gf

Em: THIS BICH GOT NAKED WITH MY SON IN THE ROOM SHOWING OFF HER PERIOD

Me:she was getting changed and your son(about 8 or 9) looks a bit old to be going to the women's locker room

Ek:SHE ALSO WAS DRiPPING BLOOD ON THE GROUND

GF then runs out to my car crying. I follow her and drive her home. On the ride home she explained in more detail.

GF: sobbing I didn't mean to expose myself to her kid

Me:it's not your fault don't worry

After that I droped her off and went home. She left her towel in my car which had a blood stain so I washed it and droped it off to her

TLDR: woman gets mad my 16 year old girlfriend had her period
Edit:we appreciate the love and support from u guys but be warned I might not get to reply to ur comment but will do my best so please do leave a comment I will get to it eventually

Edit:GF can go to hell I caught her cheating on me she was making out with a employee at a store/nSo a little backstory about the restaurant in Munich, Germany. It was a great restaurant and my grandfather used to be the manager until he retired. He tends to get a lot of nice people and he barely gets annoying or entitled people. He left a while ago and no longer works in the restaurant.

I was working there as a waiter and would do the usual waiter stuff. I was like around 24(around their) when I was helping in the restaurant and then...*SHE* comes. **Everyone looks her way and everyone starts whispering about the legend of Karen** except they didn't she just walked and nobody batted an eye, with her two bratty kids that look like they could be from a dr Seuss book they took a seat. They *seemed* nice. She placed her order and her kids asked for some soda and the parents had some beer, nothing out of the ordinary, until i gave some other "kids" some beer two (they were over 16) and she immediately called me over.

EM: Excuse me? Did you ust give those kids some drinks over there?

Me: Well, yes they are old enough to drink.

EM: They clearly look like their 16!

Me: Well yes, thats the drinking age.

EM: ummmmm no you ret\*ard its 21!

Me: What do you mean?

EM: The drinking age is 21 you dumba\*s!

Me: the law says he can at 16.

EM: Since when?

Me: Since it was written.

it kept going back and forth until my grandfather came over.

GF(grand father): Excuse me, Is there a problem?

EM:This a\*shole is being rude to my family! They wont let my kids drink like them! Gestures to the other table

GF: Mam they clearly are in the drinking age

EM: I know your manager

GF: Oh really?

EM: Yeah, im going to call her right know.

She then calls someone and pretends to talk to the manager. she closes it and faces my grandfather.

EM: I just talked to him! Your fired! I can re-hire you if you give us our meal for free.

My Grandfather starts to chuckle and so do i.

EM:Do you think losing your job is so funny?

GF: (Still laughing) Im the manager!

We both start laughing hysterically as she gets all white and doesnt say anything. we tell her to go back to her meal and she ends up paying for the entire meal, she eft a bad review but that was it

**TL;DR**

**Lady tries to fire the manager while faking the manager. then get laughed and pays for all the food.**

Edit: fix some stuff. I cant fix the bottom since the TL;DR ate it :/

Edit 2: tried feeding TL;DR laxatives to get the bottom out. it didn't work./nSo this isn’t my story, but my best friend who is in med school and doing rounds during the incident. So here we go. Note: the NICU is for babies born with severe problems (preemies, umbilical cords wrapped around neck, born blue/purple.. that kind of thing) 
A mom is in the NICU with her baby who is about 3-4 weeks old. Now, in the NICU, you aren’t allowed to have anything plugged in that isn’t pre approved because the ventilators and oxygen tanks could explode. (That’s how she explained it, I’m not entirely sure how that stuff works.)
So this mom full knowing she isn’t allowed to, decides she wants to plug in her hair straightener and her vape pen IN HER BABIES ROOM. About 30 minutes goes by and there is a burning smell and she calls the nurse to come in and check why. As the nurse is looking around, apparently the vape pen explodes and part of it shoots across the room and leaves a burn mark in the wall. If the pen was only a few inches lower, it would have hit and possibly killed her child. So she gets banned from the hospital for a few days. 
She comes back and proceeds to drink hot coffee over her baby (the NICU only allowed water and it must have a lid and/or a straw). She then proceeds to accidentally spill it on the baby’s bed, thankfully not hitting the baby. The nurse notices the messed up sheets when she came in to check up on the baby, and the mom is told she’s banned for a few more days. 
She then proceeds to yell at all of the nurses around and the rest of the hospital staff for being rude and uncaring about her situation and how heartless they are for banning a mother from seeing her child and goes on and on until police were called.. she’s now banned for life. The dad apparently now has to take off work so he can stay with the baby in NICU since the mom is banned from it. She’s allowed in the hospital, just not in the area where she can be a danger to her child or anyone else’s.

Edit: this is not my firsthand story. My friend was telling me this over the phone while trying to not violate any HIPAA laws. I have never been in a nicu before. I’m not going to pretend I know the procedures for any of it. I’m going solely off of her ranting to me and her explanations of things.

Edit 2: I'm going to reiterate. I have no idea how hospitals work. This was told to me by my best friend who is in med school to be a DR. I don't know if babies have single rooms or share. I don't know policy and procedure for the NICU. I know that she for sure doesn't know anything about vaping, and I know that I definitely don't. I'm not going to pretend to know about things I dont. Maybe she was wrong in saying it was a vape pen, idk. But she said she was in the room for the first part because she was working with a Fellow and the Fellow told her later about the second part. Hope that clears some things up./nHi again. Basically if you have been here before, you’ll know that my eldest sister is a flight attendant and has a lot of entitled stories that I will be sharing on Reddit. This is one of my personal favourites that my sister tells at every holiday dinner. 


My sister was working a flight from a London airport to Geneva or Benidorm (can’t remember and honestly isn’t important). It was a mid-day flight and would get to its destination before nightfall so it was a simple routine flight to a typical British holiday location.

Everyone had sat down and my sister was stood in the middle of the plane, being one of two or three of the flight attendants doing the safety features. Whilst they’d all turned their backs to grab the yellow life vests from the overhead bins to demonstrate, a sneaky kid must have left his seat at the back of the plane to sit in the flight attendants seats, that are kind of like the seats in a Cineworld (folds up when no one is sat in them). At this moment in time, the plane is not moving because there’s a slight delay to the order of the runway and the plane had to wait.


She finished the safety features and is checking that everyone has their seat belts on when her colleague calls her to the back of the plane. It’s a plane with two seats on either side of the plane so it’s a fairly small plane.  A woman is laying in her chair on one of the back rows, her seat reclining and the chair next to her empty. My sister’s colleague (OFA-other flight attendant) is gently tapping the woman to get her to put her seat in the upright position for takeoff and my sister is confused about the empty seat, considering she was also at the boarding desk and boarded a FULL flight.

EM jolts up (obviously fake) and pulls off her eye mask, doing one of those over dramatic yawns which my sister acts PERFECTLY. 

OFA- Sorry miss but in order for the plane to take off, your seat needs to be upright. The woman looks annoyed and nods and sorts out her seat. 

That’s it right. Nope. OFA goes first to the back of the plane and jumps back in fright. S (my sister) goes after her, wondering what the issue is. Lying across two of those flight attendant seat RIGHT at the back of the plane is EK, looking up, playing on his tablet. 

OFA: *tries to get her breath back*

S: sorry little dude but you can’t sit there and you need to go back to your seat so we can get going.

EK: MUMMY SAID I COULD LIE DOWN HERE. 

S: sorry little man but no can do. can you go to your mum?

EK: MUM!

EM: What seems to be the issue? 

S: These seats are for flight attendants only and your son is taking them up. Take him back to his seat.

At this rate, OFA is reaching for wrist ties because flight attendants have training in tying up passengers in them (not EK, EM)

EM: there is no problem with my child wanting to sleep. it is an inconvenience for me when my child leans on me to sleep so i told him he could sleep back there. 

S: he can’t sleep here. Get back to your seats or you will be escorted off the plane. 

EM: No. you should go out of your way to make the passenger comfortable so my son will not be moving anywhere. 

she’s swaying side to side even though the plane is not moving. 

S: Miss are you drunk?

EM: how dare you accuse me of such a thing? this is outrageous and i will be complaining to your boss, 

She’s slurring and my sister can barely understand. She takes a few steps towards my sister, glaring and raises her hand.

OFA steps in, grabs both of EM’s hands and locks them into zipties whilst S calls the captain at the front to tell them what happened and that they are going to need to offload two passengers. Thankfully they only had hand luggage/cabin luggage and they didn’t need to dig through luggage in the aircraft hold.

Whilst waiting for police to arrive, EM screams bloody murder whilst little smug EK refuses to get off the seats. Eventually a police officer bribes him with a Snickers bar and he walks off the plane behind his mum. 

At this point the flight has been delayed for a little less than an hour. The pilots are pissed and most of the passengers are loud and angry. My sister said it was her ‘favourite’ (sarcastic) flight to work.

Edit: Thank you all for your positive feedback especially u/FunnyFungi0001 who gave the post a Silver! Many thanks to them!/nThis is a VERY long one, and I’m not entirely sure it fits here, so let me know. Also very entertaining and satisfying, worth the read IMO. TL;DR at bottom. No excuses for bad grammar/formatting.

Our cast:
Me: Obvious. BF: My boyfriend. Owner of the house. BD: Boyfriend’s dad. He isnt in the story, but is referenced a few times. Purchased the house for us. ED: Entitled dad. TG: His trash girlfriend. Cop: The best police officer ever, fucking incredible guy. Went out of his way to help with our case from beginning to end. Shoutout to Officer Parker.

Backstory:
BD came into some fortune about half a year ago and bought a house for Me and BF. BD and BF wanted me very involved in the process, as I have dealt heavily with real estate in the past, so I recommended costs, neighborhoods, specific houses to look at, etc. We settled on a beautiful 3br 2bath. A while ago, BF sublet a bedroom in our house for only $300 a month to two of his very good (or so he thought) friends, a man ~age 30 (ED) and a woman ~age 21 (TG). I hated them and had heard terrible things about both of them, they were very rude and entitled and also both have DISGUSTING criminal records, especially the man. But whatever, I absolutely do not blame BF for trying to be a good friend; maybe I had misunderstood these people and I was willing to give them a chance. Also important to note that ED had 3 kids with a woman that is not TG, but lost them due to several charges of both child abuse and domestic abuse, trespassing, etc.

It took maybe a week before ED and TG started getting very entitled. Never cleaned a single thing, left huge messes everywhere, smoked pot 24/7 in the house, constantly let their cat out on accident and blamed us for “setting it free on purpose,” never paid a single dime of rent in their 3 months there. Also didn’t mow the lawn/clear snow from sidewalks, even though they agreed to in the lease. ED quit his job as an excuse to not pay rent, TG never had a job because she is “too pretty to work.” About a month later, they started treating me and BF like shit. They let his cats outside and lost them on purpose, threw all our shit on the floor on the garage and into his old, dirty-ass farm truck (which hadn’t been used for months, as the farm had been sold), changed the locks and locked us out of the house, etc. They were served with multiple notices and eviction and left after a LOT of effort and heated debate.

Once we had noticed they left, BF had asked me to change the locks IMMEDIATELY and move our stuff back in while he was at work. The next day, ED and TG came back and “set up camp” while we were gone, as we hadn’t moved all our furniture yet and we’re still staying elsewhere. They had only a blow-up mattress, a couple suitcases, and some laundry in the washing machine, in an effort to make it seem like they had never actually left. They ripped the new locks out and changed them once again, and threw all our stuff back into the garage, damaging multiple high-cost items. We talked with Cop and his partner, and they agreed that once an evicted tenant leaves, they can be charged for trespassing/breaking and entering if they return, even if they still have a key.

So, we went to the house, and they were still there. We broke in through a window in the garage and at first calmly asked ED and TG to leave. This was a few months ago and was very heated, so I don’t remember perfectly, but this was the gist of it:

BF: You were served with eviction and chose to leave, you cannot come back now. We will call the police unless you pack up and leave NOW. This is your last warning.

ED: NO! We don’t have to leave, this is OUR house! We are renting from you and have every right to be here! My kids are coming to live with me, we are going to start a new life here. I won them in a custody battle (side note: there was no custody battle, obviously).

BF: I don’t care. You already left, and you were SERVED with EVICTION. WE WENT TO COURT. Even if you weren’t, I never said your kids could live here. The other two rooms are ours.

Me: You don’t even have your kids, we know that is a lie. No court would give you custody over them when you have no job or residence. (Yes, I was a bit of a bitch. This eviction had been going on for months and I was sick of it.)

TG: (to BF) You didn’t even want this house! BD only bought it for you because you’re fucking spoiled and this dumb bitch wanted it. Just let us live here.

We walked outside and called the cops, they came immediately as it was a slow Saturday. They went inside and started assessing the situation. ED and TG were obviously scared shitless, as they were both on probation and in possession of numerous drugs that are illegal in our state. Cops looked around and it was obvious to them that ED and TG had moved and only come back to be assholes. The following conversation is edited a bit, as ED kept interrupting the cops, so I’m leaving out a few of the things he said so that it can actually be readable.

Cop: So, you were evicted. You left and the owner changed the locks and moved his property back in, correct?

ED: No, I didn’t change the locks, I just took theirs off and put our old ones back on.

Cop: So you did change the locks?

ED: Well, yes, but not really because –

Cop: Yes or no, YOU changed the locks?

ED: TECHNICALLY, but –

Cop: Yes or no, ONLY.

ED: (looking increasingly nervous) Yes.

Cop: Clearly you moved out. I have all of the paperwork for notices and evictions served to you. You have no right to be here now. Pack up your shit and leave.

ED: We didn’t move out, we just removed all our stuff and took it to a storage unit. They don’t even NEED the house! BF didn’t even fucking want it, that dumb cunt (Me) did! I have 3 kids, they will be homeless now.

Cop: No, you do not. I know your record. Grab your shit and leave now.

ED starts screaming, getting in the cops’ faces and making violent hand motions. I’m leaving a few bits of text out here, as it was just pointless and mostly incoherent yelling from ED. The cops had had enough.

Cop: Get your shit and leave NOW.

ED: NO! The court hasn’t ruled on it yet, we don’t have to leave! (True, the court hadn’t ruled on it yet, but in our state, if a tenant served with eviction leaves, they cannot come back. Even without a court order.)

Cop: I know the case, I know the law. Leave or –

ED: NO! I KNOW MY RIGHTS! MY KIDS NEED THIS HOUSE!

Cop: Shut up now. If you say one more word, I can and will arrest you for trespassing and breaking and entering. Get your shit and leave now.

ED: (Silent for a moment) How long do I have?

I expected the cop to say an hour, a day, something lenient, even though they had been assholes and were breaking the law. What he said next was very satisfying:

Cop: FIVE. MINUTES. Get your shit and leave right now, or I will arrest you.

So, ED and TG begrudgingly packed up. Just before they left, Cop told them that if they ever set foot near the property again, BF and I had grounds to have them arrested and charged with multiple felonies. Cops, BF and I were talking and shootin the shit for a bit before him and his partner left as well.

Later, the court ruled on our case. We won, and ED would have to pay $1,000 to even attempt to appeal. We also found out that they stole many of our items, including very important legal documents for the house, and they were never returned to us. ED and TG disappeared, so despite their very best efforts, the cops couldn’t retrieve the items, either. We are paying out the ass to replace these items and documents. This was many months ago, and we are still recovering from it and repairing the house.

Sorry for such a long story, but I really appreciate the place to rant!

TL;DR: ED and his trash girlfriend rent a bedroom in me and BF’s house. They never pay rent and trash the place. The cops come, ED  argues that the house is theirs and they deserve it because his kids (that he doesn’t even have custody of) will be homeless. Cops throw them out with threat of arrest.

EDIT: Thank you to the kind anonymous redditor who gave me a gold! 😊
EDIT2: Thank you for the silver as well!/nI used to work at a summer camp in northern Ontario from the time I was sixteen to the time I was twenty five so I have MANY stories about parents like this. 
Me: my evil twin
EM: entitled mom
WK: whiny kid

So this happened in my first year and I was pretty new to counselling. I had a kid who was always homesick and would cry four or five times a day. I talked to his dad about it and he said that the kid’s mom babied him and dad was trying to toughen him up a bit. He told me that unless anything was serious to just ignore it. 
So for the first four days I tried to help the kid but he obviously didn’t want to participate and would cry whenever someone tried to talk with him. I let him sit out and then he would participate a lil. When we were approaching the first weekend I realized that my cell was missing. I thought maybe I’d misplaced it and went to bed. I woke up to banging on the door. The kids were freaking out. 
I walked over and opened it to see a 40 year old Karen with wild eyes. 
EM: WHERE IS HE?!?


ME:who?

EM: Where is MY SON!?!

ME: Miss we have a very strict policy, you can’t be here righ-

At that point she tried to push past me, I grabbed onto either side of the door.  

WK: Mommy! He’s the one who’s bullying me!


I turn my head just enough to see the little bastard with my phone. 

EM: Let me through you piece of sh*t. 

At this point she’s pushing with the the force of a thousand EM’s. I let go of the door and two handed shove her. She toppled over and a slammed to cabin door, locking it. 
I grabbed my phone from the little brat and called my camp director. She told me that she would call the father and the police. (We made it very clear to the parents that it’s trespassing to come to the camp at night.) WK is crying and screaming for his mom. EM is slamming against the door using her can I speak to the manager strength. She’s screaming about me being a pedophile and how I’m raping her child. I hear her going to the other cabins trying to get in but thankfully all the staff had been informed to lock the doors. 
Finally I hear cars pull up. Put then I hear more slamming. She broke through the door with a baseball bat. (I felt like I was in the shining.)
All of the kids are screaming while the lil brat is smiling and yelling for his mom. 
I pushed all of the kids into the bathroom and told them to lock the door behind them. I grabbed a broom waiting to do battle with this evil being but just as she was getting the door open two police officers tackled her to the ground outside. 
Her face was purple and she looked at lot like grimace. 


EM: My Babyyyyy!!!! NO LET ME SEE HIM!
The cops dragged her away. I was later informed that the father and mother had divorced. They had shared custody but the mother was mentally unbalanced. She was later admitted to the mental hospital. The kid isn’t much of a brat anymore as dad has full custody. /nA bit of backstory: I go to school and live in Indiana most of the time. However, since I've already gotten off of school, I'm spending my summer in Chicago with my gram. Anyone who lives in chicago knows that that the \*public\* schools get off in mid to late june.

&#x200B;

So, I like to spend a good amount of time just walking around and going to the park. I've only been stopped by someone once, and I just let him know the situation.

&#x200B;

Yesterday I'm sitting at the park on a swing, minding my own business. Now, I'm 14 but I have one of those "8 to 16" faces, so I sometimes get strange looks.

&#x200B;

Up walks to me our Entitles Parent, someone who clearly asked for the manager at Mcdonalds this morning. We're talking anywhere from mid 30s to late 50s with two toddlers in tow.  This lady is our Entitled Parent.

&#x200B;

EP: Entitled Parent

LK1 (Little Kid one)

LK2 (Little kid two)

Me: (Redacted as per protocol 4000-eshu)

&#x200B;

It's fresh in my mind but still not exact haha.

&#x200B;

EP: UM, aren't you supposed to be in school?

Me: Actually, I'm already ou-

EP: No, you don't get out until later this month!

Me: I go to school somewhere el-

EP: THEN WHY ARE YOU HERE?! THERE'S NO SCHOOLS OUT FOR SUMMER AROUND HERE!

Me, now standing up and putting my book down: I'm visiting my grandmother and decided to come read a book in PEACE in the park.

LK1: Mommy he's wearing a kitty cat shirt!

&#x200B;

I nod and gesture to my sweatshirt, which clearly says "(school name) Panthers".

&#x200B;

Me: yeah, this is the school I went to out in Indiana.

EP: YOU PROBABLY STOLE THAT SO YOU COULD GET AWAY WITH THIS!! I'M CALLING AN OFFICER!!

Me, under my breath: For god's sake..

EP: AND NOW YOU  USE THE LORD'S NAME IN VAIN?!

&#x200B;

Thank GOD i was saved by one of workers at the fieldhouse, who knows me.

FW (Fieldhouse Worker): Ma'am, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave this boy alone.

EP: But He should be i-

FW: I did not ask for you to explain. Leave him alone or leave the park.

&#x200B;

She gave me  a dirty look before walking away.

I thanked the Fw and went back to my book.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Ok wow. Insert generic "this blew up" here.

Fixed some confusing phrasing

Gonna answer a few questions I've seen a lot of

&#x200B;

The book was Prisoner of Azkaban. re-reading the series.

No, I don't go to your school.

They didnt seem old enough to be in school.

I know, I thought I was being bullshitted too.

&#x200B;

Edit 2: It's been about a month and let me just say wow.  Thank you all!/nAnother post about pokemon go reminded me of this.... Encounter. 

When raids were pretty new me, my bf, and about 7 random people were doing a raid. We were all somewhere between 15-30. This looks like a group of random people furiously tapping their phones. 

The raid happened at a church and we were decent enough to step to the side, out of anyones way. This was not enough for the entitled mom:

EM: HEY! What are you doing here loitering?!

Random guy: Who, us?

EM: YES YOU! Who else?!

Other random guy: we're playing pokemon go...

EM: Po-what? Is that one of those violent shooters? I'll call the police! You can't play violent games at a church! 

EM walked away furious, we were all like "Wtf happened just now?" 

As luck would have it, there was a cop walking around and EM found him. He got dragged to us and was very confused to see a group of 9 young adults tapping their phones next to a church. At this point we had beaten the raid and were congratulating eachother and celebrating catching the special pokemon 

Us+random guys: "Oh yeah I got it!" "Congrats bro!" "Aww man I keep missing!" "Want me to throw it for you?" 

Officer: Now now, there is no need to throw phones. 

Guy who made the last comment: Uuhh what? I offered to throw his pokeball for him. It's a game. 

Officer: Oh are you playing pokemon go? My son loves that game! 

EM: They are corrupting my children with their violent games!

Officer: Ma'm, I don't appreciate my time being wasted. You told me there was a group of violent youth here. 

EM: Look at them! How can I walk my children out of church with them over there being menaces?!

Random guys: We're leaving anyway, so go ahead. 

And we all dispersed and left the officer to deal with the crazy.


Edit: The raid was a Zapdos, I didn't catch it, and this happened a couple years ago when raids were pretty new to the game. I still play./nSo my SO and I live in a high rise downtown Chicago. The way our building is set up only the corner units get balconies and the rest just have windows you can open. These balconies are 100% private and part of your unit, I pay for this and it's great being able to go outside and not have another person sitting just to the left of me.

Our neighbors who were an elderly couple moved out in April and the unit has been bought by a family of three; The kid is about 3 and so far has been pretty quiet or at least we can't hear her through the walls. Anyway last night I was coming in from the basement storage area with my dog and our small grill because it finally is warm enough to cook outside and enjoy it. The mom was in the hall and asked where I was going with a grill as it was a fire hazard inside and I mentioned my balcony.

Well that's when she instantly begins her tirade about not being able to get to any of the public balconies on the floor, she had been trying all the corner doors and all were locked, mine included. Now mind you, this is maybe the third time I have met this woman, she has lived here for about two months now and she has been trying to get into our apartment to use the balcony. Our door is always locked, it's locked the second one of us gets home and stays locked. 

I tell her that the only public balcony type space is the roof deck and she yells at me, says in her contract she has a balcony she can use and demands to let her use mine. 

I just laughed and at this point my neighbor across the hall was coming home, he has another of the 4 balconies and stops to say hi amidst her yelling at me. 

She asks who he is and he says her other neighbor across from me and she goes into the same shit with him. We both explain to her that no, she has no such thign in her contract or lease and if she has an issue to go talk with the door staff and ask them or go to management. 

She got mad and went inside at that point and my across the hall neighbor and I just laughed about it and talked about the new Zelda game coming out. 

TLDR:: crazy neighbor without a balcony thinks she is entitled to any of the 4 private ones on my floor./nThis happened earlier this afternoon. I was just a witness to this situation, but I had to share it because it was **awesome**. TL;DR isn't at the bottom but the title is basically a summary of what happened.

Cast:

Awesome Mom = AM

Entitled Husband = ED

Entitled kid = EK

Cashier = Cashier

&#x200B;

So AM, ED and EK are standing in front of me in line. EK was most likely 8 or 9 years old, unless he was very tall for his age. EK was holding a cheap sticker book and a kid's notepad. This kid was extra hyper and kept flapping the sticker book and notepad in AM's face to which she does not react, jumping up and down, saying he was so excited about the gifts ED was letting him have. In my mind, he looked like an annoying but excited kid about getting something he thought was cool. No harm, right? Wrong.

Well there's a customer ahead of AM, ED and EK, who sets his stuff on the counter because it's his turn. EK darts up anyway, and sets his stuff on the counter too. AM whispers at EK to move his stuff, but he doesn't listen. Cashier doesn't notice what is going on, so she picks up EK's sticker book to scan it, and EK starts shrieking like an enraged cat.

EK: THAT'S MY BOOK!!! THE MAN IS TAKING MY BOOK FROM ME!!!

EK immediately bursts into tears, ED just stands there like this all means nothing to him. AM leaps into action, tells EK to be quiet, apologizes to Cashier and picks up the sticker book and notepad.

EK starts freaking out because AM is now holding the book and notepad. AM holds the book and notepad up really high, and EK begins jumping up at her, clawing at her hand like a wild animal, I kid you not.

AM calmly says to him: You need to stop because you are hurting my hand.

EK continues shrieking, though not as loud as before.

ED: Let him hold the books. You never let him do anything.

AM: Do you want to have an argument in the checkout line at Walgreens? Is that what you really want right now?

ED does not respond.

EK starts running back and forth between checkout counters, throwing himself against them, so AM catches him by the arm and tries to hold him close to her.

ED: AM let him run around he's having fun! (ED says this kind of whiny, too).

AM: He's going to bang into people!

ED: So, they won't care. He's a kid, let him do what he wants.

AM: I care!

EK starts clawing at AM's hand, but she doesn't let go of him. He won't stop, so she tells him that if he doesn't keep still, he can't have the stickers and notepad. By this point it is time for them to get their stuff scanned by the same Cashier as before.

AM goes to set down the sticker book, notepad and some random office supplies she was holding, but EK starts flipping out and trying to take them. AM tries to reason with EK, telling him to let Cashier scan them so they can pay for them, but he keeps on screaming and grabbing at them. Poor Cashier is watching this unfold like, why the f\*ck did I come to work today?

ED: Why do you always gotta be a bad mother to him? He just wants to hold the books! Let him hold the books! You are being a bad mother on mother's day and you're a bad influence on him!

I found the number of times he said "bad" to be astounding.

AM throws her hands up in the air and says loudly: That's it, I'm done!

ED: No you're not you need to pay for these! (ED lifts up the sticker book and notepad when he says "these").

AM: Sweetie, I have tried to be a good mom to you but your dad won't let me do that, so I'm leaving. Have a nice life, both of you.

AM starts to walk toward the exit and we all realize what she's saying here. She isn't walking out of the store, she's walking out of their lives. A different, much older cashier says to her, "You can't just walk out of your son's life like that! Sure that guy is a jerk but your son needs you!"

AM: Not that it's any of your business, but he's just my stepson and we've only been married for a few months.

Another employee who was stocking stuff nearby shouts, "Good for you honey you find yourself a real man who appreciates you!"

AM walks out.

ED says nothing, probably out of embarrassment. He takes out his wallet to pay for the stuff, and the employee from a moment ago exclaims, "Is that blue car your's? Cause she just left in it!"

ED realizes that she has left with what I am guessing is their only way home, grabs EK by the hand and runs outside in the pouring rain.

I later overheard ED trying to find out from a thousand different people how to use the city bus and take the bus back to their house. They didn't actually live that far away from what I understood. But when he dared to come up to me outside and try to ask me, I ignored him completely and kept on walking.

&#x200B;

Wow, thank you kind person for the gold award! You are awesome!

Oh my god, a silver award, and 5k+ upvotes? Seriously? Thank you!

Edit: I have seen a couple comments that are suggesting this post is not believable. I shouldn't have to explain this, but most of my posts are from my job as a teacher, where I have encountered many entitled parents. I post somewhat often because I enjoy this subreddit and have been through a lot regarding parents and their children.

Also, if you bother to look at my profile, you'll notice I have more posts in other subreddits than I do in this subreddit./nYou know the drill. I’m on mobile and English is my one and only language. Let’s go!

Meet the Cast: 

ME: No Duh

EM: Idiot Mom with no manners

EK: Not super Entitled by still

D: Dad who was just a helpless husband 


It was a normal Saturday night and I was working at my job (I work at a major retail store. Not going to say the name but it rhymes with souls). The rush we get on most Saturdays had calmed down and my co worker and I were just straightening the floor. She works the registers while I’m a floor person. 

We were folding down the floor when our EM, EK, and D came in. Now for context, our store has two wheelchairs for customers who need them to use freely. I have a particular protective stance on them as my sister also uses one on her bad days due to her MS and people like to misuse them. And here’s where our fun story really begins. 

EK was a boy of around 12 and had literally ran into the store all smiles and laughs. Then his eyes zero in on the wheelchair. He goes to grab it and I make my way over to the family and stand slightly in front of the wheelchair.

ME: Hello and welcome to (store name), my name is Jamilton76. Can I help you find anything? 

The kid backs off due to my arrival while the parents tell me their clothes shopping for EK. They grab a cart and all head off towards the kids section. I go to check on the rest of the floor and to fold where needed. It was a little over five minutes later I watch the kid zoom back, snatch the wheelchair and take off. I’m pissed and was ready to chase after him, but a lady needed help getting something off a mannequin so I put it out of my mind.

An hour later my co worker needed to take her break and I offered to cover her. She hadn’t been gone two minutes when who comes to check out? Yup. EM, EK, and D, but you know what isn’t there? The wheelchair. I’m mad. Not only did he take a piece of equipment he honestly didn’t need, but left it god knows where in the store. I’m not about to let that fly. 

ME: Hello. Did you find everything okay?

EM: Yeah, but your kids area is really messy.

Liar. My other co worker who works in that department is beyond OCD and never lets a mess sit. But I ignore that and press on to what I really want to know. I look at EK.

ME: Where is the wheelchair? 

EK: *confused* What?

ME: The wheelchair I saw you take earlier, where is it? If it’s not in use it has to be by the front door. 

His eyes go wide, he knows he’s caught. But EM doesn’t get it. 

EM: My son doesn’t know anything about a wheelchair! He isn’t a disabled person, he’s actually useful! 

Wow. I can’t believe she just said that. Neither can D it seems as he looks at his wife with a mixture of disgust and confusion. 

D: Honey, EK was riding it-

EM: Be quiet! 

Okay so now I know what’s going on. Clearly she knew her kid had used it, but didn’t care about where he left it. I looked back to EK and with my stern but still friendly customer voice I tell him

ME: Please go bring it back. We have customers who come in that have to use them to get around. 

EK just nods and scurries off back the way they came. D doesn’t look irritated, but EM is mad.

EM: That was not your job to tell him what to do!

Me: Ma’am my job is to insure that all customers have their needs met while there are shopping. I can’t do that if the crucial equipment for our handicapped customers is not where they can be easily accessed. 

EM: *giving up on trying to act clueless* He was just playing with it! He wasn’t hurting anyone!

ME: Wheelchairs are not toys Ma’am and he shouldn’t be playing with them.

She goes quiet, obviously trying to come up with something clever to throw back at me.  Failing that she goes to the classic Karen response.

EM: I want your manager! 

ME: *shrugging and calm as heck as my manager on duty is a no BS type of person* No problem. Then you can explain to her how your child was misusing store property and you were trying to lie to me about him doing so. If you really want to push this further I can ask for her to look at our security tapes. 

Before I can grab my walkie D puts his hands up in a defensive motion. 

D: That’s not necessary. I apologize for my son and wife. *turns to EM* Just stop. She’s only doing her job and I told you back there that EK shouldn’t have had it!

EM: He was just playing!

D and ME at the same time: It’s not a toy! 

By the time I’m finished bagging their items EK has come back, pushing the wheelchair back to where he had taken it from. He rejoined his parents a said a quiet ‘sorry’ to me before they all left the store. The EM glaring daggers at me the whole way. 

I told my co worker when she got back and we both had a laugh about it. Moral of the story, don’t play with wheelchairs./nG'day mates!

This is an update of https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c0j767/the_time_ed_almost_sexually_abused_in_school_bonus/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Cast

Me - Moody Emu

EM - Eerie Macaw / Entitled Mum

ED - Edgy Dingo / Entitled Daughter

Story

So I just got a call from EM.

Me : Hello?

EM : Hello? Is it Me?

Me : Yeah, who are you?

EM : Oh, I'm EM, the mother of Dingos. (jk "the mother of ED")

Me : What do you want?

EM : Oh, I just want to apologise for my hurtful act.

Me : Okay.....then?

EM : What do you think of ED?

Me : Look I've told you I'm not interested before.

EM : No, I just want grandchildren.

Me : WHAT?

EM : You heard me, I want grandchildren.

Me : LADY! I'm 17.

EM : So?

Me : It's illegal!

EM : Oh, no one has to know.

Me : WHAT?

EM : Why are you shouting young man?

Me : What do you mean why I'm shouting?

EM : But I want grandchildren so bad!

Me : I'm going to repeat what i told you years ago, "GO. ANNOY. SOMEONE. ELSE!"

ED : BUT I LOVE YOU!

Me : WTF?

ED : You know you want to mate with me.

I hung up./nWhen my nephew (ES) was around 8 my sister and I took him to Disneyland. My sister (The EM) knew he was not quite tall enough for all the rides. Her solution was to put lifts in his shoes, so he would 'beat' the height test. She tells me this as we're in line and about to come up to where they will measure the kid. 

ME: Wait, you're going to put your son on a ride that you know he's not tall enough for? What if he were to fall out? Slide out? Those rules are there for a reason. 

EM: Oh, he won't! 

Me: You're willing to take that chance? So he can't ride one or two of the big rides today, so what? I can't imagine putting him in danger just so he can get on a ride. 

EM: Shhh... Just watch how it's done. 

We get to the height board and my nephew stands up against it. The park employee (PE) sighs:

PE: Aw man, I'm sorry but you're just a little too short for this ride! 

EM: No, he's not! Nephewname, stand up taller, don't slouch. 

She grabs him and forces him upright. We can see he's still about a half inch too short. My sister leans in to him and whispers:

EM: Remember what we talked about? 

I then watch in horror as the little boy casually lifts his heels so he's more on his toes. Of course, this moves him up the necessary half an inch needed to be able to ride. My sister looks triumphantly at the park employee. 

EM: See? He's perfect!! 

PE: No, ma'am. He's on his tip toes. I'm sorry but he cannot ride this today, he's not tall enough. 

My sister FLIPS OUT, starts yelling that the height numbers are suggestions and that she's paid a lot of money to be here and 'it'll be fine'. When he refuses to budge, she grabs the kid and stalks off, headed right for the information office at the front of the park. She then wasted another hour arguing with them about why the height limit isn't fair and how the PE had ignored the fact ES was tall enough. (I sat off to the side and listened, mortified by all this) A manager came forward and measured him right there, ensuring he kept his feet flat and showed my sister he was not tall enough. 

ES: I guess the paper towels in my shoes didn't work to make me taller, Mommy. 

Manager: You put lifts in his shoes? You know how dangerous it is to put a child on a ride he's not big enough for? 

EM: I've had enough of this, forget it. You people have ruined my son's day! Do you know how much I paid to even get into this park!? Blah, blah, blah, blah. 

It's been a few years and I am still embarrassed and disgusted by how she acted that day. What kind of parent endangers their child's life just so they can ride a roller coaster!!? My sister apparently. /nOriginally posted to another subreddit. On mobile (sorry) TLDR in the title.

As the title suggests, this post is less an Entitled Parents post and more an Entitled Grandparents post. My grandmother is the single most entitled, manipulative, and controlling person I know. In fact, my mom and I are both convinced that she is a textbook Narcissist.

From here on out, I will refer to my grandmother as EG, my mom as M, and my brother as B.

Anyway, this story is just one of many, so I may end up posting more. For now, I'm going to share the incident that finally opened my eyes to what kind of person EG truly is.

To start, M called me one day to tell me that B was planning to propose to his girlfriend and that he wanted his and her parents present. M wanted me to know ahead of time because she didn't want me to be upset if I wasn't invited. I told her it was fine, as I understood that it was B's wishes to only have parents present (his gf's brother wasn't going either). B soon told M that he wanted to tell EG as well, which M and I both insisted was a bad idea. He did it anyway, however, and that's when EG took it upon herself to take. Control. Of EVERYTHING.

A day or so later, I get a phone call from EG. This was over 4 years ago, so I don't remember exactly everything that was said except for ONE LINE EG used, which I will get to shortly.

Here is the conversation to the best of my memory:

EG: I just wanted to let you know that B didn't mean to make you feel unwelcome to attend the proposal, and he said you are more than welcome to come. Will you be coming?

Me: No...I don't think that is a good idea.

EG: What???? Why????

Me: I just want to keep things the way B wanted. It was his wish to only invite-

At this point EG interrupts me with the single line that will be engraved in my memory forever:

EG: I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'RE DOING THIS TO ME!!!!

I sit there in shock as EG continues: I DON'T HAVE LONG LEFT IN THIS WORLD AND I JUST WANT TO SEE THE WHOLE FAMILY TOGETHER FOR SUCH A JOYOUS EVENT AND YOU ARE SUCH A SELFISH BRAT FOR NOT GIVING THAT TO ME!!!!!!!!

She goes on and on for several minutes, to which I occasionally reply with my usual: Uh huh...uh huh.....

She finally demands that I go, which I continuously refuse, until she hangs up.

A day or so later, I get a phone call from B. It quickly becomes apparent that EG had been talking to him because he soon reiterates everything she said about not wanting to make me feel left out. I assured him that I didn't, and wished him luck with the proposal. 

The girlfriend said yes, and they are now expecting their first child.

Edit: OMG thanks to whoever gave me gold!!
Edit2: Thank you for the silver as well!/nOk, my aunt was basically disowned after what happened and then she was told she couldn't show up to my b-day, but she came anyway, seeing as my mom wasn't in the mood to deal with her she let it be.

But that was when she started acting up.

she "accidentally" poured her drink on me and my siblings, then demanded that I get her another .

later on she came into my room when I was with my friends and told me to help her get food or she would tell my mom I was doing drugs in my room, not wanting to do it I told her to do it herself. she said nothing and went away.

near the end it was time to open gifts, my NICE aunt didn't know what a 16 year old wanted so she gave me b-day money, I swear my evil aunt's face lit up seeing the money and not wanting to deal with her stealing it,  I put it in my dad's old safe he gave me before he moved.

then when I got my gift from my dad, a new airsoft G36c, my aunt GRABBED at it, and my dad told her to stop, and my aunt just kept screaming about how guns are dangerous and she was doing me a favor by taking it and giving it to her irresponsible 12 year old  child.

my mom was done with her sister, the following conversation happened:

m: why are you doing this? you weren't even invited!

EA: I was saving your son from gun violence you should be thanking me!

m: by giving it to *your* 12 year old boy who cuts up wires to a plugged in computer? absolutely not, leave now!

EA:but we're family!

m: not anymore! Jesus! you have been nothing but trouble since you showed up! just leave now!

EA: wait until my husband comes here! he will show you to turn down family like that!

m: leave now.

EA:okay then, give me Dpootus' b-day money.

Me: How about you leave before my dad deals with you.

EA: you are rude!

she leaves but not before grabbing the whole fucking safe which contained my money and and my airsoft MK18 and as well as My grandfather's ashes.

It was heavy and my dad caught up wither her and grabbed it from her and told her to *never* come back ever again.

and I heard later on she was taken to rehab after being caught with her drugs on her way back from my party.

&#x200B;

Oh, BTW if you wanna know about the PC wire incident here's the link:[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbzugv/update\_on\_my\_druggie\_aunt/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbzugv/update_on_my_druggie_aunt/)/nHello, and welcome back to r/entitledparents where grown adults act like toddlers when they don't get their way. Also, this could probably fit on r/entitledbitch and r/talesfromretail but I'm just hoping this thing posts.

This is a relatively short story, so I'll try to make it interesting. For backstory this occurred during a closing shift at my place of work in Fast Food, and was during a brief spurt in customer numbers.

So I'm trying to clean some trays between orders, and I notice a lady in a black jacket storming in, so I just followed my usual routine. (Me = me, EM = Entitled Mother)

Me: hello, is this going to be for here or to go-

EM: I was just through your drive-thru and I noticed I was charged $15.00 for my meal.

I take a look at the receipt and sure enough she's right... only her order had the right price on it.

Me: ma'am, the price you paid is correct, you weren't overcharged-

EM: you mean to tell me that it's $15.00 for this meal?

Me: yes, I'm sorry but I can't do anything-

EM: I'd like to speak to the manager please.

Being familiar with this subreddit, I knew arguing further would only result in a headache and a held up line. So I got my supervisor, Ben to come speak with her. For context, he's seen his fair share of entitled people, and as he's told me, doesn't give even the slightest fraction of a fuck when dealing with them.

So they are talking about the order, I don't know what was said since I had gone back to washing trays. Eventually I hear her saying something, before storming out of the store. Ben later told me that the conversation had gone like this.

Ben: so, what seems to be the problem today-

EM: your employee wasn't very helpful, so I'm hoping you could do what he didn't

Ben: sure, he mentioned something about $15.00?

EM: yes, my order was WAY too expensive, and I was hoping to get my money back

Ben: alright, if I may have the bag of food back please.

EM: you mean I can't keep the food?

Ben: we offer refunds, but take the items back so that we can mark them down as waste for inventory purposes, so no you cannot keep your order if you want a refund.

He told me that she gained a look of angry frustration, apparently she had fully expected the "manager" to be on her side and give her what she wanted.

Ben was NOT going to do that.

After a brief loop of back and forth between them, this happened.

Ben: I'm sorry ma'am, but there's nothing more I can do. If you want your money back, you'll have to leave the food here.

The EM, having finally realized that she wasn't going to win, just said one last thing to Ben before storming out angrily.

EM: FUCK OFF!

No joke, she couldn't have her way, so she felt it was appropriate to tell the "manager" of the store to fuck off.

We still joke about it from time to time.

Edit: general typo corrections

Edit #2: for those wondering about it below, yes she took her food with her when she left our store. Forgot to mention that detail in the main story./nOkay, so A couple of years ago I was diagnosed with laryngeal cancer but I am currently in remission, and a year and a half ago I had surgery on my throat, this left a scar which can be scary as I look a little bit like I’ve had my throat slit. I also have another scar just below from a trach and my speech is no longer 100% so it’s a bit off putting I’m kinda assuming that people understand the abbreviations and how this usually goes. This happened a few weeks ago, I’m currently 19 (I’m a girl) and I volunteer in the paediatric ward in the cancer center, I generally entertain the kids and support them if they’re having a rough time, which as you can imagine is not uncommon. I also answer any questions they have about my experiences. 
A few weeks ago, a woman comes in with her kid who are there to see a family member.  As usual I was spending time with the kids and the woman’s kid, not an entitled brat thank god, comes over and asks about my scar and started telling me that it looked cool and that I must be proud of my battle scar. I answer his questions and chuckle at his drastic views. Once he’s asked all he wants he rushes back to his mother who was talking to another woman. This is our EM, she walks over to me and looked like I’d just keyed her car or something so I excuse myself from the young kids I was sitting coloring with. When she reaches me she glares before the accusation inevitably came out.

EM- You shouldn’t be promoting that bull shit!

ME- I’m sorry I’m not following.

EM- There are children in pain, sick and dying in here, how could you think it’s okay for you to pressure them into your cultish perversions (is cultish a word? Idk) It’s one thing to be a satanist but baring a devils mark in front of kids? Have you already lost your humanity?

By this point I was getting frustrated and tried to cut in and explain what was happening, but she cut me off.

EM- no, not a word from you, I will not let you taint me with your lifestyle choices. Why are you even lurking in a childrens cancer ward, I want you off the premises, how dare you.

She leaves with no explanation but I could almost scream as I saw her walk over to one of the security guards. The SG walks over.

EM- I want this woman taken off of the hospital grounds, she has snuck in here to spread her poisonous beliefs into the kids minds.

SG looks unsure and thankfully asks me my side. I politely explain to him that I am a patient at the adult ward and also a volunteer worker with the children, I also show him my visitors badge. I then have to explain that the scar on my neck isn’t from a cult and actually a surgical scar. The SG then tells EM that she can either get on with her business and leave me alone or she will be the one escorted out. The EM resigned and walked off and I assumed that was it, but she came back later with a different security guard and told the same bs and tried to pass off the picture of roses I was helping a girl draw off as satanic symbols. Thankfully the original SG notices and EM is told to leave. The rest of my day was fan fucking tastic so...

And that is my r/entitledparents story



/nSo this just happened a few hours ago on my flight home, and I figured I would post this while it was still fresh in my mind. Also, apologies for formatting, this is on mobile.

EM - Entitled Mom FA - Flight Attendant 

So my flight had just taken off, and they were coming around with food. Seated next to me is EM and her kid. They told the FA that they didn’t want to buy anything and they just got water and refused the free snacks. The FA double checks to make sure they didn’t want anything, and again, they refuse. 

I had a bit of an upset stomach at the time and knew I wasn’t going to eat anything right then, but I bought some Pringle’s and got their free cookies with my ginger ale to snack on later (it was a 4 hour flight). Less than 10 minutes later, the kid starts whining that he wants Pringles. The EM eyes mine, but doesn’t say anything. Noticing her look, I quickly stash mine into my bag (thinking she would be a decent human and not go through my stuff) before going to use the washroom. There’s a bit of a line at the back of the plane, so I’m gone for 10 minutes at the most. I come back, and my bag is open on my seat, food all pulled out, and the kid is there munching on my fucking food. The cookies are already done, and the kid is stuffing his face with my Pringle’s.

Me: Excuse me, miss, but did you go into my bag and take my food?

EM: You weren’t eating it, and my child was hungry.

I didn’t even hesitate before hitting the attendant button.

Me: Miss, that was my food that I paid for. You had no right to take it.

EM: It’s not like you were eating it, and you could use to lose some weight anyways.

It’s at this point in time that the same FA that sold me the Pringles comes over and asks what the problem was. 

Me: I had left to use the washroom and I came back to find this lady had gone through my bag to take the food I had purchased out and had given it to her child.

EM: No I didn’t, I purchased those!

FA: Ma’am, you refused my offer for any food twice. Did you take her food?

EM: SHE WASN’T EATING IT!

At this point in time, I lean over to the kid.

Me: Hey little man, can you do me a favour? 

He nodded, still stuffing his face with my Pringles.

Me: Can you point to where your mom got the chips from?

Immediately, he points to my bag.

FA: Ma’am, you’re going to have to pay her back for her chips.

EM: NO WAY! SHE WASN’T EATING THEM!

FA: Regardless if she was eating them or not, you stole what she purchased. Either you buy her a new pack, or we will have to get police to intervene once we land.

EM loses her fucking mind at this, but the FA stands her ground and makes her buy me a new set of chips. She also moves me to an empty row in the back, and sets me up with another packet of the free cookies and another drink.  The FA then lets me know that she will be informing the police of what happened, and she was very sorry that it happened.

I don’t know if she wound up getting arrested once she left the plane, but I sure as hell hope I never run into her again.

Edit: Formatting. 

After a few comments pointing out the fact that the kid probably didn’t know much better in the situation (and honestly, I agree looking back at it)  EC is changed to just kid.

Update: Just got a call from the airline apologizing for the situation!

Edit 2: Wow! Huuuuuge thanks for the gold!/nfor those who didn't see the post earlier click [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6yrkw/your_dog_could_have_killed_my_children_even_if/) ..

&#x200B;

So i've now heard back on the report from the family, the younger girl has a few welts on her arm, likely from the sharp branches in the bush. (officers word now mine). Now obvious bite marks and the child didn't say she had been bitten.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

They were out playing this evening, Fluff ball still barking at the hedge so everything seems back to normal. 2 Year old called through the fence if she can come play with puppy on another day because "she is grounded". Bit harsh grounding a 2 year old but parents will be parents. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Thankyou for all the kind words on Fluff Ball she has eaten one of my trainers this evening to celebrate./n 

I worked at a zoo for over three years and ran into all sorts of entitled parents. Something about being around wild animals really brings out the worst in some people. By far the craziest parent I ever ran into was EM.

It was a typical summer day at the zoo. It was packed, like it always is in the summer, and there were TONS of kids playing on the brand-new playground we'd just opened that week. A few coworkers and I were asked to help with crowd control over by the playground, and we had first aid kits at the ready in case kids scraped their knees, got sunburns, etc.

Enter EM.

She rushes up to my coworker (Zoo Employee, or ZE) and she's dragging her little boy behind her. 

EM: My son just fell off of your playground equipment!

ZE: Oh no, is he okay?

She looks at the kid, but he seems to be fine.

EM: No, he's not okay! He has an orbital fracture!

ZE takes a closer look. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the boy's face. He's not even crying.

ZE: How do you know it's an orbital fracture?

EM: I'm a nurse at the local hospital, so I know.

ZE: Well ma'am, if you want our security personnel to take a look--

EM: --I do NOT need some untrained rent-a-cop to look at my son. He needs to go to a hospital. You need to call an ambulance.

ZE: I'm sorry, I'm not authorized to call an ambulance unless it's an emergency.

EM: This IS an emergency. My son is in PAIN!

ZE: He doesn't seem to be in that much pain...

This is when EM straight up crouches down, grabs her son's face, and pokes him in the eyeball. Her kid winces and kind of whimpers (because who wouldn't?!).

EM: See? He's in pain. Call an ambulance right now. And the zoo is going to pay for it. I'm going to sue you for endangering my child.

ZE is thinking that the only person endangering this child is his mother, but she doesn't say that. Instead, she calls security, who, by the way, are all EMTs and trained professionals. When they get there, EM is throwing an absolute fit, screaming about how she's going to sue the zoo for every last penny it owns and how if they don't call an ambulance soon her son's going to have permanent eye damage. One of the security guys (SG) crouches down next to the kid and asks him where it hurts. The kid points vaguely to his face.

SG puts on gloves and goes to inspect the kid's eye.

That's when EM loses it.

EM: Stop it! Don't touch my son with your dirty penis hands!

SG: ....um, what?

EM: (and I kid you not, she said this) I will not let you touch my son with your penis hands, you rapist! I'm going to report you to the police! You're going to get fired for this. \*She gestures to everyone\* All of you are going to get fired!

Then EM takes her son and storms out of the zoo (with a security escort).

To this day, this stands out as one of the strangest interactions I've had with another human being. I just hope that kid survived his mother long enough to grow up into a decent person./n This story took place when I was in 8th grade going into high school. we lived in apartments that were subsidized by section 8 that were basically funded by grants for Project Self Sufficiency. This basically means we were aloud to live in the apartments as long as our guardian(s) proved they were going to  
school or had a stable job. My mother was going to school to get her GED then went on to get her bachelors degree after that. She was also working at the housing authority of our town and was slowly but surely working her way up. Unfortunately it was also at this time my mom was  diagnosed with stage II Uterine sarcoma. 
 
  My mom started getting weaker after every chemo and radiation round and eventually she got to the point where it was a struggle to get dressed. She had to start working by home which ment she was being demoted until she could go into work again. Soon summer started, so without school being in the way I could help my mom with anything she needed and watch over my brother.  This is where the crazy shit starts happening. 

  For reference our apartment was fairly large with 2 story’s and on the second level. There were only 2 levels on each apartment so we only had neighbors downstairs and on the side. Two of our downstairs neighbors were incredibly entitled and they’re children were equally entitled. The one neighbor I’ll be referencing in this story we’ll call Barbara (sorry to all the good Barbara’s out there), Barbara had a little brat (about 6-7 year old boy) that was fueled by Doritos and orange crush soda that went around on his scooter and hit the apartment doors WITH A DAMN HAMMER. He would then ride back down and as he was riding past the doors he would scribble things on the doors with a purple sharpie. He then did the same with all of the upstairs doors. Ever single door in our apartment complex was vandalized with dents and sharpie scribbles including my own. When I saw this I was mortified. I came out of my apartment and knocked on the apartment managers door. She answered and since she was good friends with my mom through their work and one of the amazing people who helped us, she knew who I was. 

Manager- Hey OP is everything okay? Does your mom need help?

Me- Hey Manager. No everything is okay with my mom. There’s a problem going on with Barbara’s brat. 

 Barbara’s brat was a trouble making kid so this was not unheard of. She sighed and asked: 

Manager- okay what’s going on? 
 
  I then gesture her to come outside and look at the doors. She immediately noticed the dents in all the doors and the sharpie scribbles. She was absolutely furious. Manger and I then worked our way to my unit and we knocked on Barbara’s door and she answered. She swang the door open and you could hear it slam against the door stop. She was wearing shorts and a tank top that barely kept everything in place. She had a half burnt out cig in her mouth. She took a long drag before she spoke :

•Entitled Barbara- EB 
•Manager- M
•Me/op-Me 
•Barbara’s brat - BB
•My mother- Mom 

EB- what do you need M?

M- hello EB we need to discuss the actions of BB


EB- what do you mean? He hasn’t done anything. I swear if you’re gonna accuse him of some act then- 

M- EB if you’ll please step outside and look at the doors you’ll notice what BB did. We have a witness here telling me she saw what he was doing. 

EB- (now looking at me) YOU?! What could you have possibly seen? BB Has been riding his scooter this whole time he hasn’t done any of this vandalism. You probably did it and blamed it on my kid! 

Me- EB why would I vandalize my own door? 

I then point to my door and then point back to hers 

Your door is the only one that’s not vandalized. I saw BB scribbling on the doors with a purple sharpie and banging them with a hammer. 

EB- that is fucking ridiculous! We don’t even OWN a hammer! You know what I will not stand for this bullshit. BB! BB! Come here! 

BB comes out of his room with a hammer in hand and purple sharpie covering his hands and some is even on his face. I start to smile that ‘I told you so’ smile. M looked at BB and then back to EB. 

M- I’m sorry EB but we are going to have to evaluate your future with your housing. You can expect to be billed for the repair and possible replacement of the doors BB damaged. We will be in contact very soon. 

EB IS FURIOUS. She grabs the hammer and throws it out her apartment them slams the door. Manager tells me that my door isn’t badly damaged and if I just take some rubbing alcohol, she sharpie will come off the door. I thank her then go home. 

 Unfortunately this was not the end. Not even an hour later Barbara starts banging on my door. I look through the peephole and see her red with rage and another cig in her mouth. She banged again and yelled for me to  open the door. My mom woke up after hearing all the commotion and she started coming downstairs. I urged her to go back to bed but she wouldn’t. She opened the door and EB tore into my mom. Midway through yelling at my mom (who was in tears by the way) she stopped and looked around my apartment.

EB- wow OPs mom you live nicely up here. Why do you get a bigger house then me and BB?

Mom- EB our family is bigger than yours so we need more space to live comfortably.

EB- You barely have anything in here it’s almost empty! We have so much stuff it would be so nice to have this space. 

We’re silent for a second then she continues:

EB- you know what? You guys should let us move in here. You don’t need all this space and plus we can make a better use of it. 

Mom- I’m sorry EB that’s not possible. We can’t just- 

EB- you work for the housing authority so you can just file an order to switch us can’t you? After all, OP has subjected me and BB to harassment and false accusations.  You really should raise your children to be more upstanding and not be such liars. I don’t expect anything else from wetbacks. 

My mother had an incredibly hard childhood and life and thus is very veryyy timid as well as incredibly sensitive. She just stood there in tears with her hand on the wall supporting herself from falling while taking this verbal abuse. My heart broke with every little sniff my mom made. I couldn’t stand by any longer so I stood up for her. 

Me- My mom is very sick EB you know that. you need to leave right now. We aren’t giving you our house and I did not make false accusations towards you or your kid. Please leave us alone. 

EB- HOW DARE YOU?! I AM AN ADULT I AM YOUR SUPERIOR! WE DESERVE TO HAVE A BIGGER HOUSE! YOU NEED TO GET OUT BECAUSE THIS IS MY HOUSE NOW! YOU FUCKING SPIKS! WETBACK BEANERS! YOURE LUCKY I DONT CALL ICE YOU HAVE NO BUSINESS BEING HERE! 
 
I was completely caught off guard. I couldn’t believe what was happening I seriously felt like I was having a fever dream. I can see EB getting closer and as she is almost stepping inside the doorway i push as hard as my 14 year old self could hitting EB in the face with the door. You could hear her scream and yell and tell us she was calling the cops for assaulting her among other things I can’t be bothered to remember. I help my mom back upstairs and console her. 

The cops were actually called but after talking to the apartment manager, EB and BB, as well as us, they had decided in our favor. Turns out we could actually press charges against EB and BB for vandalism and harassment. Needless to say we did. We won our case after months of going to court and building a case against EB and shortly after EB was kicked out of the apartments and sentenced. 

I have a lot of stories from this time so you might see some more posts from me in the near future if this post does fairly well. 

TLDR- crazy racist lady gets mad when I call her son out for vandalism then confronts my incredibly ill mother and demands we give her our house. Cops get called and she gets kicked out of the apartment complex shortly after the incident.

Edit- Thank you everyone for the kind messages and medals!! Seriously this community is incredible! For everyone out there wondering, yes my mom is doing soooo much better and she’s incredibly healthy! I hope everyone the best of luck in life :D also I know the story sounds crazy (I’ve gotten a few messages asking if this is fake) of course I’d like to assure it’s not but I can’t make you guys believe me. It sounds insane but honestly if you put yourself in the situation it’s really not as crazy as it seems. I appreciate the criticism nonetheless :D/nSup. TL;DR at the bottom. 

My girlfriend is super into Marvel, and while I’m a casual fan, I decided to surprise her with two tickets to see Infinity War the day after it came out.  The only time not sold out was the 8:30am show, so we busted our butts out of bed at 7am to get breakfast beforehand. 

We each used a vacation day (worth it) to make it a girl’s day. My girlfriend owns a car, so she picked me up, we drove through a Starbucks for coffee, and parked on the street outside the movies.  She’s tired, but excited, like kid in a candy store excited. 

You know the players: Me, GF, EM, EK (12-14 F)

We pay for parking and head inside. So far so good. On the way in to cash in our tickets, we see a mom with a teen girl who look a little lost. I assumed the daughter had the day off school, or maybe her mom worked at the theatre. My girlfriend, ever the compassionate soul, reached out to them. 

GF: “Hey, are you looking for somewhere?”

EM: “Yeah, where do you buy the movie tickets?”

That’s a fair question, honestly. The movie theatre is in a complex of sorts. The movies themselves are on the third floor of this building, while bars, restaurants, and even a karaoke place are available on the first and second floors.

Me: “You can either buy them there,” I point to a line of touch screen computers, “or on the third floor.”

EM: “Thanks.” *turning to EK* “Alright, EK, let’s go!”

We go up the escalators with the EM and EK close-ish behind us. I just assume they’re buying tickets upstairs, and I don’t even think my girlfriend noticed. She was too excited, really!

My girlfriend and I make a quick stop to double check we each have our tickets, when EM walks up to us. 

EM: “Thank you for your service, but we are ok now.”  She’s holding out a $5 bill, and looking at my girlfriend’s ticket. 

Me: “I’m sorry, what are you talking about?”

EK: “You walked us to where we need to go, so now we’ll take our tickets.”  She’s standing next to her mom, and puts her right hand on her right hip while she says that, as if I’m the dummy for not knowing. 

GF: “We’re not selling tickets, originalhotsauce bought these on Thursday.”

Me: “I’m sorry if you thought I was a greeter, but we’re customers like you. The check in area behind you is where you can get tickets.”

EK: “You should have said that before! How were we supposed to know? We even had a tip for you guys, were you just going to rob us like that?” (I assume the “tip” she meant was the $5 her mom had)

I grab my girlfriend’s hand and try to shoulder past the pair before the EM gets in my face. Keep in mind, it’s barely past 8:00am. 

EM: “Listen, f@ggots, we can do this the easy way or the hard way.  I know the -“

I don’t know what she’s going to say at that point, but I heard enough. I stood my full height and snapped my neck down to look down directly into her eyes, cutting her off.

Me: “Listen, c*nt. These are OUR tickets. You don’t like it? Tough. Maybe if you or your daughter had a job to purchase tickets, you wouldn’t have to intimidate strangers at 8:00am to try and get into a movie you can’t afford.”

EK, surprised that Mommy’s plan to get tickets didn’t work: “What’s your problem, bitch?”

GF: “You.”

EM: “I know the manager! I’ll have you banned for life!”

With that scene, we walk away to get our tickets processed and then find our assigned seats. I never did find out if the EM and EK got tickets in. I hope not. 


TL;DR: EM and EK pretend to not know where to buy tickets to Infinity War to trick us into giving them our tickets. When that doesn’t work, EM resorts to homophobic slurs as an intimidation tactic.  Also didn’t work.



Edit: grammar

Edit 2: Clarification, this is back when Infinity War came out, not the current Endgame. I decided to share this because it’s somewhat relevant now that everyone is watching Endgame./nHey gang, long time lurker, first time poster. I wanted to share with y'all a story that happened to me a week ago, and continued yesterday. No TLDR bc I don't really know how to summarise this, sorry!  Also on mobile, so formatting is probably gonna be gross? Not sure how that works. Sorry!!!

Cast: Me, EM, K (Entitled Moms son, he wasn't too bad, just a bit clueless), M (Manager).


I work at a large Hi Fi/Video Games/Media store at the counter. My roles include scanning items, asking if a customer wants a bag, and if they have ID for games and movies that are MA15+ or R18. 


About a week ago, a little boy comes in, looking about 13-14, and hands up the display for Mortal Kombat 11. This game in Australia is R18+, so naturally I ask for his ID. Situation is as follows;


Me: Hey matey, what can I do for you?

K: Can I get this one for PS4 please?

Me: Hm, this game is R18 buddy, do you have your parents with you? Or any ID?

K: What for?

Me: Well, you gotta be 18 or over to buy this one, otherwise your mom or dad can come on over and purchase it for you. 

K: Can I call my mom? And you can talk to her on the phone?

Me: No can do, sorry. Gotta have their ID here so I can see it. 

K: Okay, hm. I'll go call my mom and see if she'll come down here, can you put one of them on hold for me?

Me: Sure man. All good. 


The kid wanders off, I always feel bad for asking for ID because the kids always look so disappointed, but I could literally lose my job, so it is what it is. 
Maybe 15 minutes later, the phone rings, and I answer it. 


Me: Thanks for calling [store, location city] this is [name] speaking, how can I direct your call?

EM: Yeah, hi. My son came in before to buy a game I gave him money for, and apparently he isn't allowed to buy it? I want to speak to whoever told him that. 

Me: Ah well that was me, how can I help?

EM: Oh, you? Fine then. Why can't my son buy this game? He asked if he could go down to your store and buy it, he should have been back by now but apparently you won't let him without me present? Why?

Me: Oh, the game he brought up to the counter was an R18 game. I can't sell that to a minor without a guardian present. I'm sorry. 

EM: Well, I've given him permission! I'm telling you now that he can get the game!

Me: I'm sorry, but I can't do that. It's against the law. You're welcome to come in with him and get the game, but I can't sell it to him alone. I'm so sorry about that. 

EM: We'll see about that. When do you close today?

Me: 5pm today ma'am. 

EM: Fine. 

/EM hangs up the phone


I tell my manager about the situation, and he's the kind of guy who doesn't think the "customer is always right" and will happily tell someone to sod off if they're being irritating. He tells me to page him when she arrives and that he'll handle it from there. 


About half an hour passes, and in comes EM. She marches to the counter and demands to see whoever spoke to her on the phone (me). I let her know that it was me, and that I'd be with her in a moment (serving another customer). Discreetly, I hit the mic button on the headset and let my manager know she's here. Immediately he marches up to the counter. 


M: Hey, I'm the manager. What seems to be the issue?

EM: This lady won't sell my son the game he wanted, and I'm here to find out why. 

M: What game was it? (He already knew) 

EM: Oh, I don't know. Some new game. K, what was the game? 

K points to the display case sitting on the pile of other game displays on the counter floor. 

M: What? this one? Of course she wouldn't sell it to him alone. It's an R18 game, your kid isn't 18 is he?

EM: No, obviously not. But I gave him permission, I even told that girl over the phone that he could get it!

M: She has no right to sell an underage kid an overage game. Would a bartender do the same thing? No. Obviously not. You can either get the game for your son now, or you can go. 

EM lets out a huff, and obliged. 

They get the game, snatch the bag out of M's hands, and leave. We laugh about the ridiculousness of the situation, it's pretty simple to understand the rules of ratings. 


I thought it was over, but no. 
Yesterday, EM and K come back, and I sort of recognise them, but I don't at the same time. That is, until she started speaking. 


Me: Hey! How can I help you? 

EM: I want a refund. This game is disgusting!

Me: What do you mean, sorry?

EM: It's violent! It's all about killing and breaking bones and blood! My son is 13 for god's sake. 

Me: Can I see your receipt? (she hands it to me) 
Oh. Okay, that's fine. The only thing is that because it's been purchased a week ago, and you've opened the seal and it's been used, I can't issue a full refund. I can only put it through our trade-in system, since it classifies as a pre-owned game. 


EM does NOT like the sound of this. It's store policy, and being just a regular employee, I have no authorisation to go against policy. It's managers discretion only. After listening to her rambling for a few minutes, and my attempts to explain policy being wasted, I call up my manager again, and explain the situation. 


M: Okay, look. I can't give you a refund because it's been played, you've played the game. It's pre-owned. I can put it through the trade in system, and you can get a different game instead, but that's about it. 

EM: No! Your refund policy says 14 days! I only got this a week ago! 

M: Yep. That's right, but do you also see where it says "sealed games only"? All other games become pre-owned and you can just get another game. 

EM: This is ridiculous! All I'm asking for is a refund! Just give it to me and I'll go. 

M, seriously done with this: Fine. 

M grabs her receipt, scans it through the system, and sells out a gift card for the same amount of the game ($69), activates it and hands it to her. 

M: There. Done. I'd like you to go now, because you're causing a scene and harassing me and my staff. 

EM: I can't use this-

M: If you don't leave, right now, I will call our door guard and get you kicked out of this building, and you won't be coming here again. Leave peacefully, or kicking and screaming, I couldn't care less. 


EM didn't wanna be escorted out, I suppose, she yelled some profanity and called my manager some homophobic slurs (he's very openly gay) and leaves the store, finally. In the end, M decided to ban her from our store, and put up a little photo from the CCTV of her face up in the break room, with little devil horns drawn on her head. Hopefully, I don't see her again./n So  to kick things off I'm going to apologize if things are formatted weird  or spelled wrong, I'm writing this on my phone at 4am, all while trying  to avoid waking my wife. I can't sleep right now because of this whole  situation, and so instead of staring at my wife while she sleeps I  figured I could take the time to type all this out.

&#x200B;

For a little bit of backstory, this happened just today, and the  circumstances of its occurrence should have screamed that something was  going to happen. My wife and I are students at the university in the  town in which we live, and we have a house from which we commute to  school every day. Today, however, her car happened to be in the shop for  routine maintenance and my older sister was borrowing my truck to pick  up her kids from their dad. Lastly, my wife is currently in the last  stages of pregnancy--by which I mean, no sexy time because I'm afraid  something might grab onto me--which meant that walking or biking like we  sometimes do on nice days was out of the question.

&#x200B;

That left us with our final option: the bus.

&#x200B;

Luck was on our side in the fact that there was a bus stop only a couple  blocks away from our house, so we didn't have to walk too far. The bus  came within a few minutes of us waiting, so before long we found  ourselves seated and moving.

&#x200B;

Typically when we head off to our classes, she brings her 3DS with her to play  while she waits for her next class. It's an original model 3DS that I  got for her on our second Christmas together, and she's always taken  very good care of it. Today she had brought Ocarina of Time to play, and  she was fighting one of the bosses as Young Link.

&#x200B;

And that is when the villain of our story enters the scene.

&#x200B;

The bus driver brought the bus to a stop, and the doors swung open to give  entry to a woman probably in her mid to late 30s and her kid, a boy  probably 7 or 8, maybe 9 at the most. The bus isn't crowded, but  nonetheless as we're closer to the front, the mom decides they're going  to sit down with us.

&#x200B;

The kid sits between my wife and his mom, and occasionally we catch him  staring at the game my wife is playing. After a little while, she smiles  and positions herself so thst he can watch a bit better, and then a  little later hands it over and lets him start playing.

&#x200B;

For his credit, the kid was actually really nice. Very polite and not at  all entitled, which made me feel even sorrier for him when all was said  and done.

&#x200B;

Our stop finally arrived, and as he saw me stand and help my wife up, the  kid closed the DS and made to hand it back to us. My wife thanked him  and reached out to take it, but then his mom snatched it right out of  her kid's hands. The ensuing conversation went somewhat closely to what  follows.

&#x200B;

Wife: "Oh, excuse me, but that's mine."

&#x200B;

EM: "But he was having so much fun, can't he just play it a little longer?"

&#x200B;

Wife: "I'm sorry, but this is our stop and I really need it back. I don't want to hold up the bus any more than we have to."

&#x200B;

EM: "Aren't you a bit old for video games? I think giving them up could do you some good."

&#x200B;

As she said that, she patted her own stomach... did she really think my wife is just fat?

&#x200B;

My  wife looked at me and raised her eyebrows like, 'Is this bitch  serious?' Then said, "I'm pregnant, ma'am," in what was probably the  least enthusiastic tone of voice I've heard her say it in.

&#x200B;

EM: "See? You won't be needing it anyway! So he can have it, right?"

&#x200B;

Me: "Not unless you want to go out and buy one for him. That one is very special to us and we'd like it back..."

&#x200B;

Kid: "Mom, just give it back..."

&#x200B;

EM:  \*rounding on her kid\* "Be quiet! I've got this!" \*turns back to us\*  "You're going to have a baby! You won't have time for video games, so  you surely won't miss this!"

&#x200B;

The  exchange went back and forth for a bit before the bus driver got out of  his seat and came over. Unlike many moms in her position, this  particular Entitled Mom relented when faced with someone with some  amount of authority and reluctantly relinquished the 3DS. The kid looked  clearly ashamed of his mom.

&#x200B;

We  got off, said goodbye to the kid and thanked the bus driver for coming  to our rescue. In between classes, she beat the inside of King Jabbu  Jabbu's belly.

&#x200B;

Sorry  if that was a bit anticlimactic, but it's hard to tell who an Entitled  Mom will listen to. I'm half-disappointed myself, but oh well. Maybe now  that I've typed it all out I can sleep. Night folks\~

&#x200B;

P.S.

I  posted another encounter with an EM here before, and concluded it with a  tl;dr of 'Entitled Mom tries to steal my GBA that plays Fortnite.' This  time I'm not entirely joking when I say...

&#x200B;

Tl;dr, EM tries to steal my wife's 3DS that may be able to play Fortnite because everything else can play it so why tf not a 3DS/nIf you haven’t read the original, you can find it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cbrg3n/ed_and_his_trash_girlfriend_steal_my_boyfriends/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app). It is pretty crucial, but if it’s a bit long for you, there is a TL;DR at the bottom that will bring you up to speed.

Now, if you have seen the previous one, you may be wondering “how can ED and TG (his Trash Girlfriend) be MORE criminal?” Well folks, this time ED and TG are attempting to commit a *federal* crime. Let’s begin.

The last I had heard of ED and TG, they were mooching off of TG’s mom, but a few days ago, they were back in town. BF (my boyfriend) and I noticed that ED was working at a chain sub store in our town, and we began frequently seeing them at the department store in our town (loitering for hours upon hours at a time). With this and other information, we deduced that they are once again homeless.

We began debating whether it was worth trying to file theft charges for their previous crimes, now that we once again know where they are. We weren’t sure, because it was nearly 5-6 months ago now and we just didn’t want to have to speak to or deal with them ever again. But before we could even make up our minds, they decided for us.

BF’s brother (who lives with us) noticed today that ED was driving around our neighborhood “in a suspicious way.” We became slightly concerned, and decided to invest in some security cameras, so we ordered some online. Then, we noticed why he was hanging around. BF checked the mail and found that ED had used OUR address as HIS mailing address, despite moving out nearly half a year ago, and had a few packages sent here. BF and I had previously seen the odd piece of mail every now and then, but they seemed to just be old bills or spam, so we marked them as “Return to sender” and put them back. But this was definitely different; ED had ordered packages and used our mailing address to ship them.

After doing some heavy research and speaking to our lawyers, BF and I learned that it is a federal crime for them to do this and we can press charges for mail theft. (Yes, despite it being addressed to them, it is very illegal for them to do this without our permission.) So we decided that, rather than wait the 2 days for our cameras to arrive, we would borrow my father’s. We set them up at both the front and back entrances, then placed the packages back in the mailbox and set the camera to record 24/7 and notify my phone if ANY movement is detected. Once we are able to identify them on film, there will be almost no disputing it, and they could face fines of up to $250k USD and 5 years in a federal prison. It will be a very sweet victory.

Side note - during the original story, the police told ED  and TG that if they do much as set foot on our property again, they will be charged with trespassing, harassment, and whatever else the police can find to legally fuck them with. So that will probably also happen.

I will definitely update if anything comes of this. I am just GIDDY thinking about how good this will be.

Edit to add: Totally forgot that they’re both on probation. It is going to be a lot longer than just 5 years... :)/nI’ve lurked on this sub many times but I’ve never encountered an EP before yesterday at my local YMCA. Not the most extreme but still ridiculous.

So as background, I am a former competitive swimmer and currently a competitive swim coach. I usually go to my local Y 3-4 times a week to stay relatively fit. The pool is typically split into two sections down the middle. One section has lap swimming lanes (three of them), while the other section is open for kids to swim and for old people to jazzercise. 

I showed up and it wasn’t too busy just an elderly woman swimming laps, a couple of men floating in the open section and a woman watching (EGM), what I assume were her three grand kids playing and jumping back and forth between the remaining open lanes. 

This is the resulting confrontation(s) EGM had at the Y:

Me: Excuse me, can you please have your kids stay in one lane or use the open section so-

EGM: No! We were here first and you can’t tell us what to do!

Me: But there’s a section for-

EGM: Didn’t you hear me the first time? Leave us alone or I’ll have you kicked out!

At this point the aquatics director comes out of his office:

AD: What’s the problem here?

EGM: This man is harassing us and won’t leave us alone!

Me: I’m just trying to swim (holding back laughter at this point because I can’t believe how quickly she’s escalated this).

AD: EGM, I’ve already told you that your kids are only allowed in these lanes if they are getting lessons or there are no lap swimmers available.

EGM: But we were here first!

AD: I’m sorry but it’s pool policy.

One of the EK: But we don’t want to move!

EGM: See! You’re ruining their day at the pool!

AD: If they want to continue swimming they need to stay in their designated area.

At this point I thought it was over, I had a lane to swim in and I started my workout. About ten minutes into my swim a little kid jumps on top of me!

Sure enough it’s one of the EKs.

EGM waited for the AD to go back into his office and then started throwing all of her kids toys in my lane. 

Me: What the hell lady!?

EGM: I told you we were here first! AD can’t tell me what to do!

Me: What is wrong with you? There’s so much space everywhere else in the pool!

EGM: Well we want this spot here! 

And now the youngest of the three EKs starts crying, drawing out AD again.

AD: EGM I told you to stay in your area.

EGM: I don’t care! We’re not leaving!

AD: Well I’m going to have to kick you out.

And then the real explosion started.

EGM: WHAT!? HOW DARE YOU DO THIS TO US! MY SON IS A LAWYER AND I’M GOING TO HAVE HIM ALL OVER YOU IN NO TIME!

AD: (laughing) I work at the YMCA, but sure waste your time going after aalll of my money.

EGM screams incoherently for about 5 minutes and then packs up her grandkids and storms out. 

I finished my workout and tried to process how the hell this just happened./nCOMING THROUGH, COMING THROUGH, HOT TEA ON ITS WAY

So admittedly, I wish I thought to take a picture of the chat logs before blocking this cretin, but what’s done is done

I play a LOT of Brawlhalla, and I’m pretty good at it. I can attribute that to playing a singular character 90% of the time these days, so obviously I’m a bit of a prideful warrior. However, there are the 10% where I fuck around and play other characters. This story stems from that 10%. 

So it’s another day of gatekeeping silver spamming scrubs from getting into gold ELO, when I come across this particular player. He was playing a character known for having really good and spammable heavy attacks. I’m playing one of my off characters, and I happen to lose. Post game chat goes as follows

EK: Fuckin Loser

EK: EZ

EK: Trash ass whore

Me: Oh? On Jah?

EK: Dont know how you made it to gold with THAT skill trash boy

Me: Ok. Rematch. (I give him my room number)

I decide to make an example out of him, and I go whole hog. Needless to say, it’s a completely one-sided contest. Post game chat once more

EK: Sig Spamming N*****

Me: Woah, ok there Candie no need to get all 1800s on us

EK: I’m so much better than you, you only won cause you spammed

Me: Ok, rematch.


We rematch again. I decide to fuck with him and go Random. It’s another dub for the Gatekeeper of Gold. Games keep going back and forth like this. I get a win, he provides excuses as to why he lost, and we repeat. I keep piling up wins, it’s just mind-numbing fun. After around the 7th straight loss for this kid, he goes silent. Post Chat goes as follows


Me: Cat got your fingers?

Silence

Me: Hm?

EK’s ACC: Hello, are you the one that hasn’t been letting my son win?

Me: Are you the parent that allowed your kid to say the N word with an R?

EP: Nonsense, my son would never do something like that. 

Me: Yea, he did. 

EP: I will not have you slandering my son over a stupid game

Me: I’m not Slandering your son?

EP: Yes you are, you are putting words in my son’s mouth.

Me: I can assure there is no slander here

Me: When written, it’s Libel : ^ )

EP: Dont get smart with me! 

Me: I think I will : ^ )

EP: That’s it. Give me your credentials?

Me: What?

EP: You heard me, give me your account shit

Me: No way, Chief.


After this, I slide him a report and leave. This is where the story WOULD end


If I wasn’t a fuckin idiot


I get a friend request about 2 hours later, and not remembering the kid’s name, I accept. 


EK: I think you owe me something

Me: Uhh, what?

EK: Your account, you fucking tard. Give me your account

Me: Nope

EK: My dad promised me your account, now GIVE
Me: : ^ )

EK: NOW OR YOURE GETTING BANNED

Me: Oh? Oh Jah? :^ )

I haven’t heard from him since. My account is still in good standing, so I think it’s safe to say I’m fine. 

Fin

Edits Got this question a lot in comments, so I’ll address it here 

I main Barraza
He played Ember aka Satan
/n\[EDIT FOR CONTEXT PURPOSES\] - During the same night she was alredy looking at me and my home family with disgust, showing an attitude and talking to everyone about how her amazing child is better than anyone.

Backstory - My mom has three siblings, out of them one brother, who married a woman who is our entitled aunt for today, since the first kid they had, this aunt became totally Entitled and developed a full on superiority complex about her children, they must always be the best and noone can be as good as their little angels, Etc. I was 12 at the time, and her kid 6, for reference.

Our Cast for today:

EA - Environmentalist actress

CU - Cool uncle

Me - Phil Swift

EC - Entitled Cousin

M - My mom

(Other not so relevant characters will be given the name throughout the story)

&#x200B;

It's christmas eve, and where I live (Portugal) it is tradition to open our christmas presents exactly at midnight when it becomes 25 of December, all the kids in my family were excited , especially me given that there was this big box with my name on it and I just couldn't wait to open it and see what awaited.

The time comes to open the presents, I rush for the box and try to open it, but before I can arrive the EA stops me and the following conversation ensues (might not be the most accurate as 4 years have passed since then)

EA - What do you think you are opening? That's not for you, that's for my angel EK

Me -  But my name is on the box, why isn't it for me? \*I say as I keep trying to get closer to the present to open it\*

EA - Well but EK behaved so much better than you and I think HE deserves this present way more than you (Almost yelling now)

M - What's going on, EA why are you stopping Me from opening his present ?

EA - Well as my EK has done so well this year I figured he deserves this much better than your child, he's such a mess and his grades don't even compare to EK, he shouldn't get such a good present.

EK - Mommy, is this for me? When can I open it?

EA - Just wait a little sweet angel, mommy is talking to your aunt.

M -  Leave my child's present be or I will have to ask you to take your stuff and leave our christmas party . (Note : The party was at my place)

CU - What's going on here? EA why don't you let Me open his present?

EA - Well isn't our EK behaving so much better? He deserves it more than your misbehaving nephew and you know it! (Yelling at her own husband)

CU - We are leaving \*grabs EK by the arm and grabs the car keys\* and stop harassing my family, you've embarassed me enough.

EA - \*tries to hide present behind her back to take it without success because of how big the box is\* On my way!  (Leaving the door of the house , our christmas three is right by the main door)

M - \*Takes the box from EA the moment she is leaving and immediatly slams the door. handing my gift to me again\* Here you go Me, sorry for what your antie did to you, she's a meanie sometimes.

Me - It's okay mom \* I open the present revealing my first ever RC Helicopter which I was so damn happy about, it had lights and was a police helicopter and stuff \*

\-

After this, CU didn't bring EA to family functions and would only take EK on certain ocasions, he apologized for what she did and gave my mom 10 euros to compensate for the problems created, I visit their house sometimes and the EA is still embarassed to even look at my face, I know it was something as a kid but I still kind of hold a grudge against her for it , it's life.

BTW : The helicopter broke some months after but it was fun playing with it, I doubt it would last two days on EK's hands though as he breaks every single toy he has.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I Posted a new story about the same EA , check it out :  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ba4tea/ea\_steals\_a\_lot\_of\_food\_from\_our\_fridge\_and\_gets/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ba4tea/ea_steals_a_lot_of_food_from_our_fridge_and_gets/)/nSo I recently picked up a 2nd job at a gas station, working late nights to try and pay off some debt/save for college. It was fine, nothing too ridiculous, just some obviously high people coming in at 3am or people getting kinda pissy that our pumps are prepay only. No crazies. 

Until last night. 

It's about 10pm and I had *just* started my shift. An older woman, maybe 45ish, comes in with a guy who's around my age. Turns out it's her son, who's tagging along with his mom to pick up cigarettes. He comes to the counter while his mom wanders around getting snacks. We have a bit of chatter between us while I get the Marlboro Black 100s that he asks for, and he holds out a fist full of coins to pay for it. I'm a little annoyed by this but the *CUSTOMER SERVICE* smile stays strong and I hold my hand out to take the coins. 

He drops them on the counter, deliberately missing my hand and causing the coins to scatter everywhere. He's got this huge shit eating grin on his face and just goes 
"oh sorry, my hand is sweaty."

UGH. I start picking them up because they're all over the floor behind the register. He watches me bend over a few times, and I know he's staring but what the fuck *ever*, I'm just gonna get these fucking quarters and get his gross ass out of here. I bend over to pick up the last of the coins and he says the grossest fucking thing I've ever had said to me. 

Fucking creep: "You've got good hips. A healthy breeder like you would definitely be able to birth my kids."

I was stunned.

The customer service smile disappears from my face and I stand up straight, leaving coins on the ground and pushing what I had gathered across the counter at him. 

Me: "Absolutely unacceptable. You need to leave."

He keeps that shitty grin on his face while he says "I can't, my mom is my ride." I notice her starting to come up to the counter with her chips and shit. I tell her that her son is being inappropriate and that they both need to leave. She plops her shit down on the counter and says "No I don't. Just ring this up." and rolls her eyes at me. 

I refuse. I'm embarrassed and pissed, and I'm alone in the store. I feel a bit scared for my safety with this creepo in the store with me, so I feel totally justified in making them leave. Maybe I acted out of emotion more than reason, but I snatch up the store phone and yell out a threat to call 911. 

EM doesn't even blink. She just gives me a look. 

EM: "Did he even touch you? Stop being so dramatic. He isn't doing anything. You're being racist. Call the police, they'll just arrest you for a hate crime."

Now I'm hella white and these two were Hispanic (I think?). I'm about ready to resign myself to just checking them out and cutting my loses but then this *fucking weirdo* opens his *fucking mouth* again. 

FC: "I'll take the smokes for free, just because you've been so rude."

If this asshole leaves with the smokes, I'll get fired. That snaps me out of being nervous and I tell them both that I'm calling the police if they don't hand over the merchandise and leave. They don't, and I call the police. I let them know that there's two people who won't leave the store and they say they'll send a car. EM just stands there smuggly and keeps telling me that I'll "enjoy prison life" and that "racists don't live more than two days". I don't engage and keep as far away from them as possible. 

It takes the cops maybe 10 minutes to arrive. It's just one car but there's two cops and it's a K9 unit. They walk in and EM grabs her son by the arm and starts talking in Spanish, so I have no idea what is being said, but it probably wasn't great. 

One officer talks to them while the other talks to me. I tell him what happened and he just nods and writes things down in a notebook. He asks a couple questions like "Are there cameras?" "Are you here alone?" "Did they make any threats?" etc. I tell him that the kid wanted to leave without paying for the cigarettes, about the comments, about the cameras that can see every thing, and the other basic details. He's nice, if not aloof about the whole thing, and things are going well enough until I hear FC start yelling in Spanish. I look over and the cop is pulling the cuffs off his belt. 

Turns out the son had a fake license that he handed the cop, and I suppose that's enough reason to be arrested. FC *punches the cop in the face* and bolts from the gas station, his mom screaming after him in Spanish. Both cops rush after him, and one gets their dog from the car (I later learned that the dogs name is Sheriff :3 ) and all three book it after the kid. EM runs out and drives off, leaving me alone and shaken up. The cops come back with a happy looking dog and a pissed looking FC, who has a bite on his arm. 

They basically tell me to just have the manager call them when he gets a chance, and they leave. This just happened so I haven't got any more info yet, but if anything happens, I'll update ;) /nI would like to apologise in advance for any spelling as English is not my first language.

Last year my boyfriend and I went on a cruise with his family. The cruise ship was on the larger scale and had many different sections and activities. One of which was an adult only zone, located on the side of the ship. This adult only zone included a bar, outdoor showers and sun chairs. This particular ship allowed full nudity in the adult only zone. 

During the second day of the cruise my boyfriend and I decided to go and sun bathe in the adult only zone, as my boyfriend was a bit annoyed of having parents claim numerous sun chairs that their children weren’t even using ( placing their tote bags, wet towels and dirty dishes over 3-5 chairs ) 

We order some delicious cocktails and find a quiet spot to read our books. 
 
About half hour went past when a young boy came up to our chairs ( probably 6/7 Years old), pointed to my fruity cocktail and started to yell : 
M ( me), bf( boyfriend), c ( child), ep ( entitled parent) 

C: “ yummy drink!! I WANT YUMMY DRINK NOW!!”
M: “ aww I’m sorry sweetheart but this is an adult’s drink, maybe you can ask you mum or dad to get you a nice drink from upstairs “ 
C: “ NOOOOO!! I WANT YOUR YUMMY DRINK!” 

My boyfriend is starting to get annoyed by this child as he is disturbing our reading time and we are in the adult only zone after all, so we shouldn’t have to deal with this. My boyfriend snapped: 

Bf: “ listen kid, you can’t be here. Where are your parents?” 
C: “ WAAAHHHHHH ( starts scream crying “ 
M: “ ok come with me so I can help you find your parents “ 

I hand my drink to my boyfriend , get up and start heading towards the bar while motioning to the kid to follow me. The little boy however decided to jump over my sun chair and attempt to grab my cocktail from my boyfriends hand, my boyfriend dodged the boy and gets up from his chair , now holding both our drinks.

The other guests are now looking over at us and am speaking the the bartender and for him to call security as there is a child causing havoc. This is when I feel something hitting my butt cheek. I look down to see this boy is using my ass as a punching bag whilst throwing a tantrum. 
My boyfriend is also watching on in shock and I can tell he is starting to get very angry. I lean over the boy : 

M: “ excuse me, please stop doing that. It is very inappropriate to touch anyone is that area and I don’t like it “ 

The boy continues to do this but now he starts to also tug and my bikini bottom, almost pulling it down. My boyfriend walks over, places our drinks on the bar and grabs the boys hand, gets down to his level and said: 

Bf: “ she told you to stop touching her. You cannot touch people without their permission. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?” 
C: continues to hysterically scream

The bartender is on the phone asking for security to come over when an elderly couple approach us to remind me that this is a child free area. I explain that this is not our child and that he has been harassing us over cocktails. The elderly couple are now also looking around to find this little demon’s parents. That’s when we spot EP, casually walking over towards the bar: 

Ep: “ why are you people harassing my child?” 
M: “ excuse you lady, your child is the one harassing us over alcoholic drinks. This is a child free zone by the way” 
Ep: “ argh, who cares about child free zone nonsense! My husband and I sometimes give his a small sip of your cocktails, he just wants a taste!”
M: “ are you insane? It’s alcohol lady, it’s illegal to give a minor alcohol... even if it is a sip”
Now EP is stepping much closer to my face and starts screaming 
Ep: “ DON’T YOU FUCKING DARE TELL ME HOW TO PARENT!”
Bf: “ you better step back away from my girlfriend! Your son has also been inappropriately touching her and tried to pull her bikini bottom down after being told to stop!” 

EP looks at my bikini and barks:

Ep” well maybe it’s because your girlfriend looks like a slut in her bikini, not a good example to be wearing that around children”

This is when the bartender and elderly couple step in and tell her that I’m allowed to be fully naked in this area if I wanted and tell her that she is not setting a good example for her kid by allowing him to be in a place that is inappropriate for children. 

Security come and politely ask EP and her child to leave, causing EP to have the mother of all breakdowns. She threatened to sue the cruise ship for discrimination and also told the security officer that she would make sure he loses his job. Well security guy wasn’t very happy about this and said he was going to call his supervisor to come and deal with her for threatening staff members and harassing other passagens. 

EP quickly realised that she was about to be in big trouble, grabbed her kids hand and practically ran out of the adult only zone. 

I don’t know what ended up happening after that but we didn’t see her or her devil child for the rest of our trip./nNow, this might belong in r/prorevege, but Idk.

&#x200B;

And no dialogue. Bcs I'm a lazy bastard :p

&#x200B;

The cast : like any other EM story ever. I will not insult your intelligence by repeating  the acronyms.

&#x200B;

One winter, I was taking the train home after a day of doing jack shit at uni. Mostly, just gaming with my friends. I owned a pretty neat Allview X2 Soul Style+ for some time. Thing held on for a long time. It was pattern-locked, as I am bad with words and numbers, but good with shapes.

&#x200B;

I was on my phone browsing Pinterest, next to EM an EK ( bad move 1 ), when EK comes and asks (more like demands) to let him play on my phone. Feeling like a smart-ass, I locked the phone and gave it to EK ( bad move 2 ). After about 2 minutes, EK tells EM he can't unlock the phone. Being like any other EM, she demanded to unlock \*her child's\* phone. I say no, ask for my phone back, and she proceeds to smash it to the ground, being all smug about it.

&#x200B;

Now, it was an old phone. I wanted to replace it either way, and backed up everything on a SD card and left it at home. Mostly, I used it for internet.

&#x200B;

I was quiet. Just shrugged. Because I wanted revenge. So, I didn't scream or anything. I just picked up the phone and removed the SIM card, while EM and EK moved further away.

&#x200B;

At my stop, the train began to get crowded. I made my way to the exit, making sure I pass EM, and snatched her purse while she wasn't looking. The purse wasn't on her arm, it was on the seat beside her  ( stupid woman ). She was still telling her kid about how much of an asshole I was, making it easy to pick it up without her noticing.

&#x200B;

The original plan was to smack her head and then move out quickly. It might sound stupid, but I've done it before, and got away with it. I am easy to miss. I had my jacket on, and many people had their hoods up, so it was easy to blend in. 

&#x200B;

Before the train left, I knocked on the window next to EM and held up her purse. The look she gave was the most satisfying thing I've ever saw. She tried to stop the train, but the emergency stop was either broken or non-existent ( old train ), and the crowd made it impossible to move around.

&#x200B;

I moved to a place with no cameras around and searched through her purse. Got close to 400€ ( money was in a different currency ), and a Samsung ( i cant remember what Samsung, an S-something maybe? ). I tossed the purse in a trash bin outside and went to McDonald's and got a Happy Meal ( even tho I had a full beard ).

&#x200B;

I didn't regret anything. She broke my stuff, I got it back, plus interest.

&#x200B;

If someone criticises me for it ... fuck you, I don't care.

I also wore gloves, so no fingerprints.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Look, thanks for the silver, but you really didn't have to. I posted it here for you to laugh at my experice, not to make people waste money.
Still, thanks./nEDIT: Part 1 appears to be removed for some people, for me it works when I'm logged in but says \[removed\] when I'm not. I didn't do this and believe it to just be a mistake on some mod or bot's part. I'm in touch with the mods.  UPDATE: Been fixed, w00t.

EDIT2: ig means I guess, keks are an old way to say chuckles. sorry for using internet/texting lingo.


[PART 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cogs8v/mom_tries_to_kick_me_out_of_dads_house_kicks/)

So a reminder,

&#x200B;

M: my mom.

O: me(18).

T&t: two smol brothers, T is 13, t is 6.

&#x200B;

Part 1 was where M raged at me and T&t over jack shit, tried to kick me out when I refused to listen to her BS. She then left when she couldn't get her way. Also a teaser, I almost literally get brain damage this part. Context for this part: I love my dad, he tries his best but he's just a bit too emotional sometimes ig and during this part we do come at odds, make of that what you will but he has no ill intent. What's also relevant is I've been debating semi professionally to professionally for 6 years and have a capability of being really cold, it's a self protection mechanism and helps me keep rational but comes off as heartless cunt.

&#x200B;

So immediately after my mom fucks off, dad calls me in, we speak about how M is so spoiled and entitled, how she refuses to get help to be a better person etc. He confides in me that he decided to leave the house and leave us with her earlier because t would get so upset despite him knowing it's worse for him as well but realized that wasn't gonna work, I strongly advised just letting her fuck off. He seemed to mostly agree but he's way more emotional than I am, also mom is his first GF fwiw. He did agree and said he wasn't holding her back from leaving really(which is kind of a lie as evidenced before and in this part).

&#x200B;

At night of course M comes back, dad pulls us all in the kitchen to talk it over. M immediately launches into a rant basically demanding service and acting like any of the shit she pulls is justified. I tell her I just want to be respected. She makes the argument that we need to flufill basically all her unrealistic expectations for her to merely treat us like humans. I tell her she has to compromise and even if we upset her she has no right to do the level of degrading she does. Dad backs me up and also states that me doing a gap year out of choice isn't equivalent to being a failure when she starts on that. She pulls a couple of things about how she can't be replaced(as much as she does less than a maid would and abuses us on top of that) and we argue on that but not much, I'm no longer really pulling punches tbh. Dad is sorta upset that I don't speak much about my issues but I say I made my point clear and didn't do anything wrong; I just wanna be treated decently and have her tone down her expectations of us. Bunch of yelling occurs, "YOU CAME OUT OF MY PUSSY YOU UNGRATEFUL PIECE OF SHIT" being a highlight.

&#x200B;

She storms out of  the kitchen without backing down even a tiny bit and says "you can apologize whenever you want", I snap back with "you too", she gets mad and angry and yells disrespect. She leaves the kitchen, starts prepping to leave again, dad holds her up, they have some amount of fighting and yelling occur between them, I start preparing coffee to lower tension and pass the time instead of argue and contribute to all the yelling already present, also partially to keep my keks contained.

&#x200B;

She comes toward the kitchen having done a shit pack-up job holding a big solid wooden hairbrush, I am still prepping my coffee and hugging my brothers to calm them. She \*\*YEETS\*\* her brush directly at my head, thankfully missing and yells about how I didn't even try to stop her once. Dad finally snaps and yells at her how she has no right to physically hurt or kick her children out of the house. Mom tries to say some more shit, I yell-apologize about not having fucking Stockholm Syndrome, more yelling. they go to their bedroom again, me and bros move to the living room as me and T try to keep t in check as the smol boye makes futile attempts to stop the fighting.

&#x200B;

Now keep in mind I have been rock solid throughout this, not  a flinch in my voice, not any effort to compromise or be nicer to her than she was to me. I was also kinda upset at my dad for basically lying to her that she shouldnt take me too seriously bc I am a child and expecting me to basically be the bigger person at the same time. So I'm not backing down one tiny bit. Dad kinda gets upset bc I am not emotional over t's cries, as if a 6 year old's opinions over anything are to be trusted in deciding the fate of an entire household. Dad tells me I am being too cold, I tell him I'm doing what's best for all of us and to suck it up and keep his word and let her the fuck go. He sighs but knowing I am right doesn't fight it. They talk and argue with my mom a bit more, not yell fighting at least this time. IDK what magic he did but he convinced mom to stay and not be a raging cunt.

&#x200B;

Mom's been treating me and my brothers much better since then but I know it's all a facade and temporary and I think my dad does too. He still fails to understand that t will be better off once the initial shock wears off(not like she does much actual mother-ing to him anyways, he just loves him regardless) and is basically trying to find a way to replace mom with more than a maid and will talk to grandma etc. I'm just happy he isn't considering leaving us alone with her just because he can't say no to t anymore./nOK some background this happened when I was 17 in high school. I was attending an anime convention at the time I was dressed as Chibiusa from Sailor Moon as I loved that show at the time. On the second day of the convention I was walking around of course if you cosplay at an anime convention your gonna get asked for pictures alot. I didn't mind I loved taking photos with people some asked for me to pose others just a selfie. Then in the middle of the day is when EM and her son showed up and the conversation went like this:

EM: Hi would you mind if my son takes a picture with you miss?
Me: Sure I don't mind.

The son about 12 or 13 I'd say stands next to me I expect him to put an arm on my shoulder or pose. This isn't what happened instead the kid grabs me and try to kiss and grope me. At this I immediately push him off of me.

Me: what the hell are you doing?!
EM: Oh come on let him kiss you there's no harm in it.
Me: No I'm not kissing some random stranger.
Son: mom you said she would be my girlfriend!

At this I am massively freaked out

EM: oh come on he just wants to brag he has a girlfriend.
Me: No leave me alone.

I try to leave when suddenly she grabs my hand and trys to pull me back.

EM: Come on its one kiss it's not gonna hurt you.
Me: Leave me the hell alone weirdo.
EM: Fine bitch be that way I wouldn't want my son with some filthy wore like you.

At this I walk off hearing her cuss at me the whole way out of the little booth. later that day I see her and her son again both are being escorted by security out of the convention apparently the son groped another woman but she slapped him and the mother had a fist fight with them and from what I was told she lost.

I hope I got all the facts right for you guys hope you enjoy.

ED: Thank you for the gold I know my post wasn't nothing too special compared to the others her so many thanks for awarding it /nTL:DR at the bottom.

It was my 10th birthday so it's been a while (i am 30 now), thus i obviously can't remember who said what, so i am just going to describe what happened.

EA = Entitled aunt

SC1 = spoiled cousin 1, about 1 year younger than me

SC2 = spoiled cousin 2, about 1 year older than me

So my 10th birthday was coming up and my mother invited her sister (EA) and her two sons (SC1, SC2) to our house. They would stay for about a week, and as usual, they saw our house in the small rural village as some sort of holiday resort (they were living in a city). This was bad enough already as we had to withstand comments like "Oh that 'fresh' country air! It surely has something 'pristine' to it but i could not stand this all year long" (near our house our neighbours had goats so there was a bit of a smell...). SC1 and SC2 found it boring to play with me outside, didn't know what to do without their consoles and toys and thus mocked me for not having many cool games or gadgets to play with. Also my parents were not rich, so no way i would have had an XBox or a PS back then. I had a second hand gameboy but that was about it. My EA however, well she was *rich,* at least compared to us.

In short: i didn't really get along too well with the two brats. But ok.

&#x200B;

So i already knew that SC1 and SC2 would also get a present for what technically was *my* birthday. It's not really a tradition here but also not uncommon that all the kids celebrating get something. When i visited them for one of SC2's birthdays, i also got a small gift, so totally fair. Also i knew that both cousins would get bigger presents whenever one of the cousins celebrated to prevent them from fighting over a toy or be jealous or whatnot. Idk.  So i totally expected them to unwrap their own presents. What i did not expect was this:

The day before my birthday, my mom had to run errands and prepare some things so she left me with EA and the cousins. EA announced that we would go shopping for presents at a recently opened 'Toys R Us' store about a 2 hours drive away. I had never been there so i was super excited. My mom was relieved and grateful. So we got in the car, and there EA said something like "Ok kids, you know the deal: Everyone just pick ONE thing. No skateboards or vehicles, no gaming consoles." So of fucking course i thought i was *included* in this and of fucking course i started to imagine what i could get.

But i was plain wrong. She was just talking to the cousins. EA did not tell me but i started to figure when she asked if i would like to *wait in the car* when we arrived at the store. But there was nothing to do in the car and they could not tell me how long this would take so i tagged along. For the next 40 minutes or so i had to watch my cousins each pick and choose one thing they would get for *my* birthday. They both ended up with LEGO sets, the boxes almost didn't fit in the trunk. I didn't even know there were sets this size, ffs. I did not cry but i was feeling terrible so i was very quiet when we arrived at home. My mom surely figured what happened and i could hear her yell at EA later that evening but it was late and i could not hear what it was about.

The next day - my birthday - the cousins started to play with their LEGO, ate most of the birthday cake and mostly ignored me unwrapping my presents. My mom got me a really nice, dark green summer jacket (i always wanted one in this color so i could hide better in the forest where i would play with my friends so i was super happy!). EA gave me a Barbie set because, well, i am a girl. It sure was quite expensive and large but if she only knew me a tiny bit better she would have known that Barbie isn't really for me. I had about 7 toy guns, a bow, some action figures and LEGO but no Barbie. well. She had a slight Lara Croft resemblance (at least it was not a blonde one) so in the end i found a way to play with the thing.

My mom later told me she had no idea that EA would do this. She thought EA did not have a present for me and would take me to the store to pick a thing so i would get something i'd like.

&#x200B;

TLDR: EA takes me and cousins shopping for presents the day before my 10th birthday. Just buys presents for the cousins, asks me if i would like to wait in the car.

&#x200B;

edit: WOW silver! Thank you stranger! Never expected this to blow up so much!

edit2: Oh my! Platinum? Thank you very much, whoever you are! First time thus really excited! Thank you so much!

edit 3: woke up to find yet another silver! Thank you kind stranger and all of you for your support! 

&#x200B;/n(Edit: this was a year ago, and we never saw EM or EB again)

(Edit 2: thank you all for your support with Hudson.)

(Edit 3: Wow, thanks so much everyone. This is the most upvotes I have ever had, and I am trying to comment and upvote all of your comments)

Edit 4: Thank you for silver, but I do not have any photos because I lost my photo albums during my move (old fashioned, I know)

Side note: I am writing this on the mobile website because I usually use desktop but I am away from home

Okay, when I was around 14 years old, I had this dog named Hudson that meant the world to me. We would go everywhere together, and at this time, we were at the dog park with my older brother (Bro) who was 18 and was one of those Rugby players that you don’t wanna mess with. He loved Hudson just as much as I did. While we were walking around with Hudson, entitled mom (EM) and her entitled brat (EB) walked up to us. This is how the conversation went.

EB: Can I pet your dog?

Me; Sure, just be careful because he is scared (my dog was a rescue, and he was abused before we got him)

EB proceeds to pick up Hudson and walk towards EM

Me: Hey, can you please bring Hudson back? (I didn’t like conflict so I tried to be calm)

EB: Mommy, can I have this dog?

Me: Excuse me, ma’am? That is my dog, can you please ask your child to put him down?

EM: How about we buy him from you?

I was in shock that this was happening, and Bro was just coming around the corner

Bro: Hey, what is going on?

EM notices my brothers big build and her face sinks a little

EB: We are buying this dog

Bro looks at me in question and I explain the situation. He looks at EM and starts to take Hudson from EB. Hudson was freaking out and started wimpering, trying to escape the 8 year olds grip. 

EM: Hey, you can’t do that! 

EB proceeds to drop Hudson onto a rock, and ends up getting hurt (not badly hurt like a broken bone)

Me: Hey! That wasn’t nice!

EM: Maybe if you wouldn’t abuse your dog, he wouldn’t be like that.

I ask her what she means about me abusing her

EM: I see all of the scars on his back, you obviously hit him.

Bro: We picked him up from a rescue, he was abused at his old house.

Bro was keeping his calm for a while, but now he starts getting angry

Bro: Please leave us alone.

EM: Why should we? We are going to protect this dog.

EM proceeds to try to pick up Hudson and run, but only gets a few feet before Hudson jumps away. Bro starts full on sprinting for as EM picks up EB and starts running. Bro stops running, and we finish playing with Hudson at the park. Afterwards, we go to Starbucks and get him one of those Pupperchinos where they fill a bowl with whipped cream.

Hudson died from cancer a few weeks ago, and it reminded me of this story. We all miss him, and he is in a better place now. 

M/n(Sorry for formatting, also apologies for any English mistakes - it’s not my first language)

Cast:

Entitled mother - EM
Entitled mothers teen son - TS
Sister - Violet (Not her real name)
Sisters son, my nephew - Yellow (Not his real name)
Me: Me


This happened to my sister quite recently. Like my brother in my other EP story, and all of my siblings including me, my sister is adopted. So our ages don’t match up (she’s 22 and I’m 13.) 

My sister, who we’ll call Violet, is a successful person for her age. She’s in a really good college with almost perfect grades, and already bought (or is renting) a house. She has a car, a job, etc. etc. 

Violet also had a son when she was late 18. We’ll call him Yellow. (He’s four.) Although Violet has her life stable, she still does need some extra cash on the side for her son. Being a single mom and all.  

Violet acquired an extra car (A Ford truck I think) from a friend who didn’t want it. I don’t really know about that. 

Violet decided that she needed some extra cash to buy Yellow presents for his birthday. He really wanted one of those kid electric cars that you drive around and charge and some other presents.

Violet decided she didn’t need the car, and didn’t like the hassle of keeping it in the garage.  She put an ad on Craigslist and put it for $2,000 or so, the price being negotiable.

She got a really promising message from some guy. But the guy didn’t show, so Violet waited for a different offer. She got one from the EM. 

Violet offered for the car to be bought at a public place, just so she doesn’t appear shady. The EM insisted that it would be at Violet’s house.  

On the day, the EM was late. Violet thought she wasn’t going to show. EM drove to Violets house with her teenage son.

The exchange went something like this. (I was on the front porch playing on my phone. The conversation won’t be 100% since I don’t remember things pretty easily.)

V: “Hi, are you EM from my car post on Craigslist?” 

EM: “Hi, yes, it’s for my son.”

V: “Great. Everything’s working, it’s just a little scratched on the sides. Would you like to look at it and drive it so you can see everything’s working alright?”

EM: “TS will drive it since he needs a car.”

V: “Okay, let me open the garage.”

Violet opens the garage and hands TS the keys. I continue to watch them while playing Ark Survival.

EM: “This will be perfect for my son. He’s on the honor roll and he is in all honors classes.”

V: “That’s cool, TS, here is how you turn the key.” 

TS drives around the cul-de-sac and then a little down the connecting road.

TS: “It’s good.”

EM: “Okay we’ll take it.”

V: “Okay, will you pay with cash or a check?”

EM: “Pay?”

V: “Yes, the price is negotiable if you’re feeling unsure. I can lower it $500.”

EM: “I’ll have it for free, if that’s okay. You don’t seem like you need it, plus, my son really needs the car more than you. He’s planning on going to __, and it’s a really far university.”

V: “Sorry. I can’t give it away for free. I’ll hold the car for you until you can pay. If you want, I’ll sell it for $1500.” 

EM grumbles something and talks with her son. At this point, I exit my server and go into the kitchen to grab a popsicle. I was expecting them to leave and come back with money some other time.

I end up seeing Yellow wake up from his nap, so I bring him to the porch so we can both eat popsicles. 

I watched EM try to grab the keys from Violet. “Hey!” Violet responded, stuffing the keys in her jacket. “Please leave. I’ll sell you the car another time.”

EM: “TS NEEDS the car. Just give it to him!” 

TS: “Mom, I have to study. Let’s go home.”

EM: “Not now sweetie, I searched Craigslist to find a good car and I’m not letting us leave without one.”

V: “(me) can you close the garage and put these keys away?” 

Me: “sure.”

EM: “What do you think you’re doing? I NEED THAT CAR.”

V: “Leave before I call the cops. I’ll tell them TS is driving without a license.”

By now, I’ve closed the garage and put the keys away. EM left and so did her son.

My sister ended up selling the car to a nicer person, who paid full price. 
/nno this is not a joke....this is a true story and is extremely heart wrenching if you love animals. this still hurts me to this day to remember.

&#x200B;

a couple of years ago back when i was in middle school like age of 13 or 12, i had a pet Doberman that was a friend and would play with anyone who seemed friendly and wanted to play with her. i raised my pup who i named gigi since she was a newborn who we got from a family neighbor of my grandmothers. gigi was a sweet pup that no one could hate. our neighbors loved her and she was well behaved and well trained by me and my grandmother. a couple months go by and the neighbor who we got her from moved away and we didn't hear much from them. fast forward to around i believe it was 3 or 4 weeks basically a month. 

&#x200B;

new family moved in next door across the street from us. all is well and everything is fine. i met the new neighbor's husband with my grandmother greeting him welcoming him to the neighborhood. come to find out this guy recently remarried while talking and that learned that he had 2 girls around the age of 4 or 3ish that were twins....then comes the woman your probably expecting to hear...nope we find out that its not just a family of 4 people but a family of 6 as the husband and wife agreed to take care of wife's sister...

lets go with **EB** as **ENTITLED BITCH**, and lets not forget the **ENTITLED DICK**=her son. **ED** is basically near my age i think he was around 10 or 9 years old don't really care.

&#x200B;

so as life goes on i play with the neighbor's kids here and there and i bring gigi with me as she is always with me and likes to have fun where ever i go. a month goes by and i start to notice that **ED** kinda rudely treats gigi badly even though she did nothing wrong or hurt anyone. again gigi just loves to have fun shes still a puppy no older than 2 years old at this time. i shrug it off and tell him that shes just being friendly. i should have just hit him back then i swear. fast forward a couple weeks **ED** keeps being a royal douche to my big pup. at this point, I'm starting to get mad with him and i tell him i'm not bringing my dog back over. **ED** didn't like this one bit. at this point things spiraled out of control.

&#x200B;

**ED:** what you can't do that shes my dog now.

**ME:** uhhhhh don't think that's how that works dude I've raised her shes my dog and i have the papers.

**ED:** no she's mine cause i trained her and she belongs to me. watch this

&#x200B;

**ED** screams at the top of his lungs that it startled me and gigi comes groveling shaking in-front of him with her ears back looking back and forth like she's been with an abusive owner. i wanted to cry when i saw this my beautiful big girl just cowering in fear. my happy girl just cowering.... i kinda just blanked out what happened but what my grandmother told me i punched him in the face to give him a bloody nose and **EB** comes over pulls me off her son and starts to spank me like i'm her little child....my grandmother saw this and ran over...BOY WAS SHE PISSED..

my grandmother is very protective after having 2 kids and being in the police force and being a retired cop she knew what was wrong and against the law. my grandmother gave this woman an earful is what i was told. i honestly as a kid never heard such profanity come out of her mouth like that and it scared me. next thing i know is that **EB** pushes my grandmother down and her sister and brother in law come rushing over and try to calm her down as shes had violent tendencies in the past. ( later explained in the story will tell how i know this)

&#x200B;

the husband and wife apologized on her behalf and told me not to take it personally how **ED** acted. lest roll to a week ahead after this incident. I and my grandmother noticed that something odd had been going on. we noticed the gates were unlocked and that someone or something was going through our trash and going into our garage. we thought nothing of it. well, we should have. as weeks go by things are missing here and there like tools and gardening supplies. so one day about 2 months after the incident we notice gigi is missing... we find her down the street playing with our neighbors thankfully they saw her out and decided to keep her company while my grandmother was gone picking me up from school. we though again nothing wrong maybe looks gate handle heard the neighbors and wanted in on the fun she loves everyone and they all love her. again felt like nothing wrong was going on so we fixed the gate put on new gate handle and everything. this is where it all started getting really weird. again gates open things going missing that we had just replaced. 

&#x200B;

about another month goes by and my grandmothers fed up and start getting locks for the gate and even paid for a company to come put in metal gates instead of wood ones and got outdoor locks for the gates that needed a key. i had a key and she had a key. again this doesn't change the situation. things still going and missing which grandma kept replacing. then it happens we come back one day after shopping to a back patio door broken in...gigi is missing and money and personal family heirlooms are missing. we get a cop that shows up and when he does i'm crying my eyes out asking my grandmother where is gigi when will she be back...as she's talking with the cop we hear barking.... it's coming from the new neighbor's yard back yard. we go with the cop and we knock on the door **EB** answers and is the only one there with her son at the house and the cop and we go to the back and see a dog....shocker ITS MY FUCKING DOG....shes chained up with a muzzle and a shock collar on her....

&#x200B;

I am crying so hard at this point that i just rush through the house to the back door and run and hug her. I'm so happy she's ok and not hurt and not lost. then **ED** comes out and says

&#x200B;

**ED:** what are you doing with my dog Anon.(that's me don't worry)

**ME:** (still crying) w-w-what are you doing with gigi...my puppy \*drooling in snot and tears as I'm holding her\*

**ED:** your dog no thats my dog my mom just got her from the pound. you guys didn't want her so my mother got her.

**ME:** wha-what are you talking about i would never g-give h-h-her up.

&#x200B;

this is where its fucked up. all eyes go to her and the cop starts questioning her. I'm still crying my eyes out holding her playing with my big pup gigi. at this point, I'm not paying attention but the cop asked her key questions to where she got gigi and everything. at what time what pet store and what was the address of the store... this is the part my grandmother got super pissed. thing is the store address and the person she supposedly talked to was a family friend who owns that pet shop and she has his number in her contact book. so my grandmother rushes over to the house gets the book comes back and calls him in-front of the cop using their neighbor's house phone. **EB** started acting fishy apparently. the cop and my grandmother talk to him over the phone asking questions and comes to find out that she never came to the store at said time or ever in the week to the store. he did state he remembers meeting her with her son at Wal-Mart talking about helping them get a dog for her son, but was denied after he saw how the kid was treating the animals. this is where the cop then tried to talk with **EB**. she didn't like this at all and knew she was in trouble. at this point, she's getting mad and trying to run from the questions. at this point, the officer notices somethings not right and start to signal my grandmother to back up this could be dangerous. next thing we know she grabbed a gun the officer didn't react in time to detain her as she was erratic. I knew to get out of the way and I got behind cover from my grandmother screaming

&#x200B;

**grandmother:** ANON GET BEHIND THE WALL AND DON'T GET OUT TILL THE COP SAYS SO OR I SAY SO DO YOU UNDERSTAND MY ORDERS, YOUNG MAN!

&#x200B;

my grandmother again being an ex-officer told me what to do and i listened to her and just stayed there behind the outside wall of their patio. 

&#x200B;

all i can hear and that **ED** can hear is his mother being the **EB** screaming yelling nonsense saying shes not going to jail over a stupid dog and stupid jewelry. and hearing a couple shots going off and the officer screaming onto his intercom saying requesting back up shots fired at officer and children and nothing but screaming adults i stayed there and just cried.

&#x200B;

next thing i hear is 

&#x200B;

**EB:** MY SON DESERVES THIS DOG MORE THAN ANYONE ELSE IT'S OUR DOG NOT YOURS. ITS OUR STUFF NOT YOURS GET THE FUCK OUTTA MY HOUSE

officer is shooting back trying to hit her to get her down i think. and shes shooting blindly but then i hear a dreaded noise. the sound of that **EB** screaming at the top of her lungs 

&#x200B;

**EB:** IF MY SON CANT HAVE HER NO ONE CAN

&#x200B;

next thing I hear is a loud bang glass patio door breaks and i hear gigi scream in pain as shes hit in the chest 

&#x200B;

i sat there crying watching my dog bleed out and whimpering for help... i was useless i couldn't save her at all stuck behind the wall. next thing I hear is another shot go off and the officer got her in the shoulder she goes down and he runs over and pins her down until the other cops arrive a minute later. I'm still watching gigi bleed out at this point and I can't stop crying and thinking WHY HER... the mother gets cuffed and arrested my grandmother a couple minutes after **EB** is taken and put in the cop car that she yells out and says its safe... I rushed over and held gigi in my arms as shes whimpering in pain and crying im holding her crying 

&#x200B;

**ME:** \*crying mess\* GIGI PLEASE NO GIGI GIGI PLEASE NOOOOO

 sadly gigi did not make it.... about a week goes by I'm still depressed losing my dog to this bitch that is cursing her with every thought I say I'm just cursing her. a month just passes by when we go to trial my grandmother pressed charges on her for endangering me and causing traumatic stress on me and the whole shenanigans... we find out in the trial **EB** has a criminal record of assault, breaking and entering, theft, and also carrying drugs, and assault. come to find out that night she was high as a kite (yes pineapple express quote but kinda accurate) from hitting the crack pipe. the sister and brother in law can't help her anymore and stated in court that they took her in to help her with her problems but didn't stop it seems.

&#x200B;

so that's my story. yeah she killed my dog trying to say its hers and i lost my best friend gigi to a stupid woman who had issues.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/n**UPDATE:**  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bf3ng1/em\_tried\_to\_steal\_my\_baby\_goes\_to\_court\_update/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bf3ng1/em_tried_to_steal_my_baby_goes_to_court_update/) 

&#x200B;

TLDR; Entitled Mom Tries to Steal my Baby Gets what she deserves.This happened when my daughter was about 4 months. Lets meet the wonderful and not so wonderful cast.Me- MeBB- DaughterEM- Entitled mom beast

EB-Entitled mom beasts spawn (5 ish?)

&#x200B;

Setting: Local Coffee Shop

&#x200B;

One afternoon after our mommy and me Yoga class (I know sounds dumb, but a great way to meet mommy friends), Me and BB decided to get a coffee and catch up. Well I would get coffee, she would get that sweet sweet booby milk.  Well BB, lightweight that she is, passes out after that boob milk. I decide to be wild and get that second cup of coffee. Im drinking my second cup of coffee when a wild EK and EM appear.EK: AWWWWW a babayy.I smile but go back to reading the news and sipping my coffee. When I look up EK is trying to pick up my sleeping baby!!! I  Panicked, obviously.

Me: *yelling No no no no*EM: oh she wasnt hurting her.EK: *whining* I want to hold the babbaaayyyyMe: Shes Sleeping, and your too little to hold her honey, shes heavyEM: oh just let her hold her. EK is very mature.Me: Shes not a baby doll. NoEM: You dont have to be a b\*tch.Me: Excuse me?!?!

During this time EK tried to pick up BB and woke her up. So BB starts crying. I pick her up and start hushing her.

Me: now see what you did? Leave us alone.EM: She just wants my daughter to hold her *tries to grab BB*Me: WTF get awf *turns to keep BB away*BB: *Cries*EM: Just let her hold her *Keeps trying to steal baby*Me: Help *open hand punches her in the nose*

At this point the coffee shop employees jump in, and pull her away. One of them says that they called the police. EMs nose is bleeding. EK is sobbing. I kinda feel bad for the kid, shes pretty little, but her mom should teach her better. The employees "ask" us to stay and wait for police

EM: good, she assauuulted me and traumatized my child

BB is still crying so I give her that boob.

EM: SHEESSS EXPOSSING HERSELF TO A CHILD! PEDOPHILE!!

I ignore her, and BB finally calms down. The Police came.  and asked us each what happen.

EM: She EXPOSED HerSeLf to my daughter, and ASsaulted ME!Me: *Scared that I'm going to jail* That isn't true, she tried to steal my baby. I just was protecting her.

Luckily the coffee place had cameras, She got arrested for attempted kidnapping. I have to go to court for it next month.

​ edit: thanks for the silver.

UPDATE:

We go to court on April 14th for the criminal charges against EM for attempted kidnapping. I didnt expect to update before then, but then this happened.

Me: its-a-me. DG: deliveryman/ disguised guy EM: entitled mom EK: entitled kid

Me and BB went to the park this morning, we got back around 11 am. There was a man standing on our porch, looking lost. BB was in her stroller sleeping, i put my hand in my purse, and onto my mace.

Me:  Can I help you?

DG:  I'm looking for a \[first name\] \[last name\]. I have a package for her.  *he pulls out an thick envelope, it was Cardi B level thicccc*

Me: Im her, I can take it.  *takes the Cardi B envelope. As soon as it is in my hands, and i sign for it, DG rips off his fake mustache and delivery guy hat. Revealing his REAL identity- a legal intern*

DG: cool cool cool. Your being sued by the way... good luck.

Yup thats right, I'm being sued by EM. Why would the woman who tried to snatch my baby be suing me? How much damage could I have inflicted? Well... apparently I did 25 thousand USD in damage. In this poor envelope was about 10 million pages detailing how she is suing me for everything that is wrong in her life. Apparently I had broken her nose so shes suing me for not only related medical bills, but she also wants me to pay for them to fix her pre existing  toad nose. Oh and of course "emotional" damages to her and her child. Apparently EM has anxiety and depression because of ME. EK has PTSD from the indecent.  Finally I'm also being sued for "slander and character assassination" because how dare I say she tried to steal my baby...  Ofcourse at the end she said she would be "willing to settle out of court if I would drop the criminal charges"

Well I took that letter to my lawyer and he said the judge would laugh her out of court, especially if the criminal trial goes in our favor, which is basically guaranteed. So I WILL be seeing her in court on April 14th, and I will see her again in July for the civil case!

Edit:  Thanks for the gold my dude/nMore theater stories? yesum.

&#x200B;

Ok, some back story about this dragon. In West Edmonton Mall, around the 80's they built this dragon that spits real fire. You read that right. REAL FIRE!!. So this has been a tourist spot for years on end. People from all over different provinces come to see it. Ok Fast forward to 2006. The shit kept breaking down. So the theater would get it fixed. But again it would break down and it would cost so much just to fix it.  So when it did work, it would be so annoying. Since every 20 mins the fucker would turn on and spurt fire and have these sounds come out. At first it was cool. But working underneath the fucker. Man it would get annoying real quick. So they stopped fixing it. people would come, Complain, Cycle continues.

&#x200B;

In come our cast. Me, I want Fire Dad (Guy), We drove all the way here (Karen), annoying kid, (Kid), Supe (TL)

&#x200B;

So I'm on floor sweeping the lobby minding my own business. When somebody taps me on the shoulder. I turn around and see a family of 3 who are not happy.

&#x200B;

Guy - Hey when does the dragon go off?

Me: It doesn't. It's broken.

Guy: Since when?

Me: 3 years now.

Karen: Stop lying. Go up there and push the button and start the dragon.

Kid - Yeah start the dragon!! I want fire!!!

Karen: Yes give my kid fire.

Me: I can't ma'am.

Guy: And why not?

Me: There is no button (i really have to stop being a smart ass sometimes)

Guy: Oh ha ha funny guy. Go turn it on.

Me: Again sir, i can't.

Karen: YES you can.

Me: No i really can't. The dragon been broken for 3 years. It takes millions to fix it and it keeps breaking down.

Karen: I don't care. We drove all the way from Calgary for this!! Let me speak to your manager.

&#x200B;

I radio my manager.

&#x200B;

My supe comes walking towards us.

&#x200B;

TL: What can i help you with.

Guy: Yeah you can turn on the dragon for my kid.

TL: Sir, the dragon been broken for 3 years. We can't.

Karen: How dare you! My kid was looking forward to this. We drove from Calgary!!! for goodness sakes. Just turn on the damn button.

TL; There is no button. Frankly i don't know how it work. I'm not the one who created that thing.

Guy: Isn't it on a timer?

TL: Yeah it was.

GUy: Then go to the timer and figure it out.

TL: Um sir, the timer broke 3 years ago.

Me: can i continue sweeping?

TL: yes go.

Guy: Oh no he stays right here. I want your name and his name. I'm calling corporate. We will be reimbursed for this since we came all the way from Calgary.

TL: You can call them but they cant do anything.

Karen: Oh they can touch the button on their side.

TL: yeah... there side. Here's the number.

&#x200B;

The parents get the number and then go off to call corporate. Who knows how much corporate laughed that day.

&#x200B;

Edit: thank you for the Gold .... or the coins. Or whatever that is. Honestly, I've been on here 5 or 6 years and i still don't really understand how this gold or coin works. But thank you anyways./nSo there’s a kid at school, well call him F’s son, and of course, he’s the principal’s son. So he’s one of those kids who don’t care about what they do and everyone hates them. He bullies people, doesn’t do any work, and thinks he’s higher than everyone and lets you know about it. Whenever he is sent to the office for bullying, disrupting class, or basically  anything, all he is told to do is Mr.F ups which are only birpies with a push-up in between because he dad, Mr.F, is the principal. 
So one day in gym class he is bullying another student. The student couldn’t protect himself because he wasn’t very athletic so when F’s son pushed him into the bleachers, he told F’s son to stop. 
F’s son didn’t like this so he kicked the kid in the face multiple times to the point where the kid could hardly breathe before a teacher saw. Again, he was sent to the principal and told to do Mr.F ups. 
Apparently, the kid’s nose was broken and he had damaged nerves in his face. He pressed charges against the kid and of course, Mr.F tried to say he did nothing wrong and the kid was bullying him first. He even tried to tell the police that the cameras caught nothing (the cameras saw everything). At the end, F’s son was charged with only assault because there were no records of him bullying before (go figure) and the principal got his license taken away. 

I feel bad I couldn’t help the kid but I was in 9th grade at the time and in a different building. My brother, who was in 8th grade, told me this because he was in the gym class. 
/nOne day when I travelled into inner Beijing when my dad asked me to grab us some snapper from the market for dinner. When I got there it was busy as usual and being practically the only non-Asian person there I copped a lot of stares. It doesn’t phase me anymore but back then I hated the stares but got over it. 


I found some really nice snapper and purchased it for a nice price. As I was leaving this woman ran up to me. She wasn’t Asian and had a hard American accent. 


EM: “Excuse me but aren’t you meant to be somewhere else?”

Me: “Um no?”

EM: “You’re not from here”

Me: “Your point? Judging from your accent you’re not from here either”

EM: “Well duh! Look missy I’m gonna have to get a police officer since you shouldn’t be here”

Me: “Go ahead, they’ll see I’m on a working visa and let me go”

EM: “Just you wait”


So we waited for a few minutes and funny enough there were officers around us, she just hadn’t noticed. I tell her I’m late an need to get home to which she grabs me by my arm and puts my on the ground, knee over my face and it hurt a lot. I started yelling for help and she starts going on about how I’m being detained, WTF?


Few of those officers came over and pulled her off me and helped me up, this dumbass kept trying to tell them in English that I’m an immigrant and need to be deported. My Mandarin isn’t the best but I explain to the officers that she assaulted me for no reason. They let me go and last I saw her was she had roughly 7 officers huddle around her. 


When I told my dad what happen he just laughed, that snapper was amazing./nSo this happened 1 year ago. My friends dad brought his friends over and one of them also brought his family. I was at his house at the same time. Half an hour later this kid who was barely 8 years old walks in we were playing gta 5 before he came upstairs so we turned it off at his arrival as the game is not for 8 year olds. This is how it unfolds.

Just so you know in Australia game ratings go like this:

G- same as the rest of the world.

Pg- same as the rest of the world

M- reccomended for 14+ but can be played by someone under.

Ma15- restricted to 15+

R- restricted to 18+

Ek (entitled kid): Hey, do you have a ps3? Because I do. ( he said it like it was a brag to own a ps3 in 2018)

F (friend): No, I have an xbox one which is a better and more powerful console.

Ek: No it isn't, you won't understand why cuz you're a console peasant, anyway was that gta 5.

We ignored his comment as he had no idea what he was talking about and considering what he just said he still won't understand even if we tell him.

F: yea but I'll get some different games for you. Hey op can you take out some pg games from that drawer.

I get some games out like  minecraft and lego games and he refuses to play them, he wants to play gta.

Ek: No I want to play Gta 5

Me: That game is not for little kids. You can't play it.

Ek: No! I'm a grown up kid (lol), I can play whatever I want!

F: well how about this, you play one of these (now my friend had taken out some m rated titles like need for speed).

Ek: NO! I WANT TO PLAY GTA!!!

F: I'm saying this one last time, pick one of the-

Ek: NO I WANT TO PLAY THAT GAME! I'M A GROWN UP AND YOU DON'T CONTROL ME!

F: Well thats where you're wrong.(he has extremely low tolerance for brats)

F picks up the little shit and puts him outside his room while ek is screaming and then locks the door.

F: I gave you a choice, now you don't get anything, control this "grown up".

Ek: I'M TELLING MOMMY!

We burst into laughter and started a new game of forza. 5 minutes later we get a knock on the door, and its em.

Em: Open this door right now!

F opens the door.

Em: Ek told me that you slapped him because he wanted to play games with you!

F: Actually what happened was that ek wanted to play and R rated game and I won't let him,  I even gave him the option to play some age appropriate games but he threw a tantrum and started yelling at us.

Em: Nonsense! Ek would never do something like that, he is a very good boy.

F: Well you little angel is a little brat.

Em: let me see the game.

F hands her the case for gta and shows her the rating, she just mumbles and tells ek to pick one of the other games.

Ek: Ok I'll play this one now get off.

Me: Actually we're in the middle of a game right now so you have to wait.

Ek: No, it's my turn get off.

F: First off it's my xbox and second you have been a prick so far so at least try to be a little more nice.

Ek: You have been playing for so long its MY TURN.

F: No just wait for 5 minutes.

Ek: fine you want to be mean then I'll-

Me: call your mommy? Go do that it doesn't bother us.

Then the little brat just sits down and watches. A few minutes later he walks up to the console and sits there, then he tries to quietly grab my empty disc case but the dumbass falls over.

Me: Hey why are you trying to steal my game?

I pause the game and grab the case from him.

Ek: MOMMY HE STOLE MY GAME!

Now em stomps up to my friends room and started yelling at us, it was so much that I'm not bothered to type it all but one of the phrases was "GIVE EK HIS GAME BACK RIGHT NOW".

Me: Look he tried to steal MY game because we told him to wait.

Ek: Mommy he's lying its my game.

Em: Ek would never steal! He's not a retard like you.

Me: Oh yea? Well prove that the game is yours.

They both go silent.

Em: Why don't you prove it?

Me: Ok then, first off, there's a reciept in there that says that the game was purchased in my name and on cash, second your little shit owns a ps3 so this game cannot be his as its not compatible with his console and lastly I brought this game with me which you can ask F, F's mum and F's dad about. That enough for you.

There is a long silence and then ek tugs on his mum's sleeve.

Em: Well give it to him anyway, he deserves it because he's a good boy.

Me: What?!

Em: Are you deaf? I told you to give him his game back. (She says his) You're to old for racing games anyway. (At least she didn'tsay you're too old to play any games)

Me: let em get this straight, you want me to give ek MY game because he's a good boy even though he threw a tantrum when we didn't let him play an R18 game, he acts entitled, spoiled and like brat the entire time and treats us like shit, then he tries to steal my game and lies about F slapping him.

Em: You know what Im telling F's mum and I'm getting you banned from this house.

Me: Go ahead.

Em stomps away.

F: Wow she's crazy.

We contuniue our game and play for the next hour without interruptions and find out later that em stormed out when F's mum sided with me and told her to stop being childish.

No arrests or assault but still worth sharing./nUpdate now posted... here https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bazh5x/update_pass_my_student_right_now/ 


So... After all this time reading these stories and saying to myself,  "this can't be real". It actually happened to me.  Today. 

Please excuse any errors.  I'm typing this on my phone on my lunch break) 

Background; I'm a high school culinary arts teacher. 

Rewind to friday.  The following exchange happens in my 3rd hour class;

Student (ek) miss why are you giving me an F? 

Me; because you've turned in 3 out of 27 assignments

Ek: but miss I got a game this weekend and now you made me ineligible 

Me: sorry to hear that.  Maybe turn in some work? 

Ek : can't I just go wash some dishes or something? 

Me: no.

Kid stomps off.   Now... That is a common exchange for a teacher during sports season.   I thought nothing of it.  Until this morning. 


I checked my email and saw this subject "concern about ek's grade"

The original email was nice enough.  Why is ek failing?  Etc. So I email back EP with same response I gave Ek.  

And then stuff got real. 

I received a series of emails from EP.  Basically "how dare you???  Don't you know who he is? The basketball team needs him.  Change his grade right now"

I emailed back. "No.  I can set a meeting with coach and principal if you like"

EP: "no!  You're just the cooking teacher.  Do as youre told.  Change his grade now. Its not like he will ever need the stuff you teach anyway"

Me: "sorry. I'll help him after school with his work if you'd like but I'm not changing his grade with no work"

EP: "listen.  Change his grade now or we will tell everyone you've been trying to sexually assault him"
It was at this point that she must have realized her truly epic mistake (this was my school email... And all of them are archived and can be seen by the public with a simple request) 
Because before I could even reply to that one I got this : 
EP:  "and just so you know,  my husband is a professional hacker for the govt and these emails will all be gone in minutes.  Change the grade or else"

So.  I took my stack of newly printed emails down to my boss (like just a few min ago) 

Can't wait to see what happens next. 

TL;DR:  ek and EP demand I change ek's grade.  I refuse.  They threaten to accuse me of sexual harassment.

 as soon as I know something I will update.  And no... I don't really believe her husband is a govt hacker. This is a military town so I think she'd just hoped I would buy it.  I brought the paper copies down so my boss wouldn't have to mess with logging in to my email/n***You do NOT have my permission to use my post in your YouTube video. If you use it without my permission, I will copyright strike your channel, from multiple accounts, until it's taken down.***

So. Back in 2006, I was 22 and had been diagnosed with Ovarian Cancer. I was diagnosed at the end of October and was scheduled for major surgery in a few weeks. I opted to go back to Florida during this process to be with family with plans to return to the state I lived in after I was cleared to travel.

My cancer journey is a very long story so I'll keep it short for the purposes of this story. 

Surgery day arrives and is a story on it's own but I was wheeled out of the OR after 9 hours and an 12" ***vertical*** incision (yes, I'm a bit...fluffy) starting about an inch above my bellybutton all the way down to the pubis (or where the pubic hair starts). 

Good God was I in pain. I was in the hospital for little over a week with a lovely button I could push every six minutes for some morphine. Yay!! 

Anyone who has ever had this kind of incision will already understand what it's like. For those that don't....every move you make hurts. Farting hurts. Laughing, coughing, sneezing hurts. Getting up and lying down. Walking. Everything was painful. My abdominal muscles had been cut in half and stitched back together. Ouch. 

Cut to around second week of December. I've been out of the hospital for a few weeks and had returned home. As part of my recovery, I needed to walk a little more each day. 

And this is where I temporarily got stupid. I figured a trip to Wal-Mart with a very small and specific list would be a good idea. It got me out of the house and got some daily excersise in. In December. Christmas. I realize now the pain meds really dulled my ability to be smart. My fiance figured I'd be ok since he'd be by my side and could help me if I needed it. 

I grabbed my own cart to use as a walker if needed and we proceeded, slowly, towards the bath products. I needed shampoo. I was on the opposite side of the isle as the shampoo looking over my choices. When I decided which one I wanted I crossed over and grabbed the one I wanted, turned back, and my world exploded.

Now, I don't remember much of what happened next until I woke up in the hospital, just bits and pieces. So everything that comes next is what my fiance told me with what I remember being italicized.

Apparently some EK was running up and down isles with his EMs fully loaded cart. This EK nailed me in the stomach as I had turned back towards my cart on the other side of the isle, I did not step in front of the EK. 

According to my guy, I dropped like a sack of potatoes after letting out a sound he was never able to fully describe, which apparently scared the kid because he immediately started crying and screaming for his mommy. My guy didn't really care about the EK as he was trying to bring be back around while dialing 911 for an ambulance. He's telling other shoppers around me that I had recently had major surgery where I had been hit, and asked if someone could go meet the ambulance.

Then the EM comes into play, having been alerted to her child's screams. She comes running towards my guy screaming and demanding what we had done to her baaabbbyyyy. 

*I remember this and my guys face with the angriest expression is ever seen and that's all until the hospital.*

Apparently another shopper proceeds to tell the EM what her kid had done and this bitch actually "nudged" my leg with her foot, demanding that I stop faking and get up because I'm scaring her baaaabbbbyyyy. 

My guy told me another male shopper automatically moved to hold him back just in case because anyone could see that I was down and out for the count. 

At this point, the cops assigned to that Wal-Mart had been alerted and had arrived and were attempting to disperse the crowd that had started to grow. 

My guy, bless his heart, felt bad for the kid because he thought he had "accidently killed the lady" tried to calm him down telling him I was just asleep and to "Look, you can see she's still breathing," when the EM once again "nudged" me with her foot demanding I get up and stop acting like a child. 

"Bitch, if you touch her again I will have you arrested for assault and child negligence." is what my guy told me he said. Apparently, she didn't believe him and one of the cops told her was completely possible given the info they had collected from the witnesses. 

The EMTs arrived and took us to the hospital. They brought be back around and got me on some pain meds, and sent me for a bunch of scans to ensure everything internal was ok, which it was and opted to hold me overnight for observation.

The next day the kid and his dad showed up to ensure I was ok and to give me an "I'm sorry, get better soon," card the kid made me. At that point I declined to press charges because the dad apparently ripped his wife a new one when he found out how his wife had behaved and the kid seemed to be pretty cool. I figure he learned his lesson. 

I was released from the hospital later that day and was fine, it just took me a little longer to heal completely. However, ever since that day, I still struggle with being in crowded places.


Edit: I feel the need to clarify. While the kid ended up being pretty sweet, it was most definitely EK behavior that caused this accident. Prior to hitting me he had been running up and down isles with the cart and generally being an unholy terror. We think his behavior changed due to the fact he legit thought he killed me and wouldn't calm down until his father promised to bring him to see me in the hospital so see that I was in fact alive. We also think this accident was an eye opening experience for the father as well as the kid based on what the father told us. There were to be some significant behavioral changes regarding the kid./nIn this story I'm going to leave out some details and things that were said, mainly because most of it gets off track from the point I want to say and are just to rude and childish for me to explain and mention.

This happened a few days ago, last week. It was the first warm, sunny day we had in awhile so my friends decided to go to the park and hang out. It was Saturday and most of us  didn't have work that day. We bring some food, a football, having a good time. There are also some families, people walking on the trails, kids at the swings and jungle gym, etc. Just a nice day. We are at picnic table eating, having dessert, when a friend suddenly stands up and says he has something to announce. He then turns to his girlfriend that he has been dating since grade 10, and proposes with a ring. Surrounded by friends, in beautiful scenery - lovely time and place. His girlfriend gets all teary eyed and says yes. Hurray! We cheer and congratulate as he puts the ring on her finger.
A little while later is when entitled mother and daughter walk up to us. Entitled daughter must had been about ten or so years older than any of us, and it amazed me how she acted like a five year old wanting a toy she couldn't have with her mother.
They approach us, and for a moment I think maybe they are congratulating my friends. Nope.

EM "Excuse me. May I ask a favour?"

We all look at each other confused. 

The BF: "Uh, sure?"
 
EM "Could my daughter have that ring?"

Now I have heard some pretty dumb things in my life, and have dealt with entitled mothers before, but this one takes the cake as the most ridiculous.

The BF: "What? No!"

The entitled mother doesn't take that as an answer and continues talking, saying that her daughter needs the ring.

EN: When my daughter's ex husband proposed, he didn't give her a real ring. She needed a real one to real like a real bride. It ruined their whole wedding and marriage.

It shocked me that the woman thought my friend, all of us at that table being broke college students, would have enough money to buy a real wedding ring. It wasn't either. 

The BF "Well I'm sorry to hear that, but she can't have the ring."

Another friend: "Wait, you said ex husband right? Why does she need the ring if she's not even married anymore?"

ED: "Because the wife gets to keep the engagement ring even after the divorce. Everyone knows that, silly."

The GF: "But why do you need my ring?"

ED: "I'm reaching my thirties. It's too late for me to find love and marry again. I need a ring to remind me that I'm still worthy."

Me: "But what about the ring that you got from the divorce?" At this point, I kind of found it hard that she had ever been engaged at all.

ED: "Because it wasn't real. I need a real one."

The GF: "Well this ring isn't real diamond either, if that's what you're looking for."

Another friend: "No college student can afford that!"

The entitled daughter then tried to take hold of the gf's hands, I think maybe too see the ring by the look on her face of shock when she was told it wasn't real, or maybe to take it by force. But we had enough of her and all told the mother and daughter to leave.
As they left, the mother yelled at all of us and told my two friends that their marriage would be a train wreck.

Another friend: "Not as much as your gold digger daughter's marriage!"

This set off of entitled daughter. She didn't charge at us, but she looked like bull about to. I have never seen a grown woman have such a fit in her life. She threw a tantrum for a good five minutes before stomping off. 
It ruined the rest of the day for us, but my friends are still strong and are planning to marry later in the year after the graduate.
/nFor context, I'm 21 years old and have been going to this therapist since I was 16.  I have severe depression, PTSD from abuse in my past, an anxiety disorder and borderline personality disorder.


Okay, so, this happened last week.  I walked in and sat down at one of the two couches, since a woman ( EM for Entitled Mother ) and her kid ( MK for Mortified Kid ) were already sitting on the other couch.  My therapist, called Cupcake for privacy, came in and told me it was time for my appointment.  The following conversation ensued.  M is me, C is Cupcake, my therapist.

C: Alright, jasperulilshit, let's go back.

EM: But we were here first!

C: And you're appointment is at 12:00, jasperulilshit's is at 11:00.

EM: That's not fair! Switch appointments with me!

Me: No, I need this appointment.

EM: What YOU have can't possibly be worse than what MY KID has!

MK: Mum, stop.

EM: Shush, MK.

Me: I'm done talking to you.

EM: No! Switch appointments with my kid now!

Me: No.

I walked back with my therapist as this woman yelled nasty things at me.  It's the first time I've stood up for myself in a while, which was hard since I was panicking at the confrontation.

EDIT: Thank you for making this popular enough to be featured in Misery Box's third episode of Entitled Parents!

EDIT 2: Thanks so much for silver and gold! It means a lot to me!/nSo this happened yesterday I am on vacation in Dresden with my grandma. We often go out together to go shopping but now and then I go alone if I want to get something. 

Again I’m on mobile, my english isn’t always the best. 

The cast, Me (me of course), EM (entitled mother), EK (entitled kid), C (cashier of the grocery store)

So I went out because I wanted to buy another Overwatch Pop Figure in Gamestop (I had seen the figure the day before but was with grandma). The Gamestop is in a large shopping center with many different stores. Important to know is that the Gamestop is the only store there that sells Pop Figures.

I went it, took the figure off the shelf and headed to the cash register. There was no employee so I waited. In comes the EM and her EK. The EK runs over to the massive shelf filled with Pop Figures and starts looking through them.

Meanwhile I pay for my figure and start heading out. The EK runs over and points at me.

EK: Mom! She has my figure! That’s the one I wanted!

EM: *comes over to me and holds out her hand* Give us the figure.

Me: No, I just paid for it. Also this was the last one and I came first. 

The figure I bought was the normal sized Symmetra Pop Figure from the Overwatch collection. I had asked the employeesif they had any other but they said the figures on the shelves were all they had. 

EM: *tries to reach for the figure* Just give it to us. You don’t need it anyways. Also my son deserves it. He’s been so good lately and deserves a gift.

Me: I don’t care lady. I paid for the figure with my own money. Now leave me alone *I walked past her and left the store*

I heard the EK whining about wanting thz figure but I couldn’t care less. I went to the Aldi (grocery store) to get something to drink. I had put the figure in my bag which was partially open. I got a bottle of water and went to pay. 

Out of nowhere EM runs up to the cash register. 

EM: Stop her! She is trying to steal my son’s toy! I wanted to get him that toy! *she tries to grab the figure out of my bag*

Me: What is your problem lady? *I push her away and take out the figure. 

C: But we don’t even sell these figures here. 

EM: I saw her take it! I wanted to buy it for my son and she stole it! She wasn’t going to pay for it!

Me: *takes out ticket that shows I paid* Also I will gladly go back to the Gamestop and show you more proof I paid for it. I have I store card on my name. 

C: Please leave the store now before I will call security. 

EM and EK leave and I didn’t see them for the rest of the day. I paid for my drink and went on shopping. I somewhat wish the cashier would have checked my ticket. I am not from Germany and I have a Belgian credit card so on the ticket the machine does print the text in Dutch. 

I would have loved to see the EM trying talk into that./nApparently, this was a real court case that broke out a few weeks ago, but, surprisingly, hardly got any media attention. Once I heard about it, I thought it'd be a perfect for this subreddit. It's also a pretty complicated story, so bear with me as I try to simplify it for you. (TL;DR at the bottom)

EL = Entitled lawyer

W = Wife

H = Husband

ELD = Entitled Lawyer's Daughter

SIL = Son In-Law

About a month ago, EL was representing H in a divorce case in Oklahoma. At one point, EL went to visit W, who was pregnant and in jail for unrelated criminal charges, to sign a waiver saying she didn't need to appear in court for the divorce. W also had an older child living at home, and had signed additional documents giving up custody of said child, that W would not be awarded visitation to her older child, and W would have to pay child support. It was also confirmed that H was not the father of W’s unborn baby.

After the divorce was settled, EL contacted W for further discussions regarding her upcoming baby. EL was going to represent W in an application for Judicial Review (as in having the Supreme Court look into it). At one point, EL offered to let ELD take care of her new baby until W was out of jail. Eventually, W gave birth to a baby boy, and agreed to assign temporary guardianship to ELD and SIL. Little did she realize that ELD would go on to turn this temporary guardianship into permanent custody right under W's nose!

It started with ELD and SIL calling the baby by a different name instead of what W chose. EL later filed a petition for guardianship on behalf of ELD and SIL. A judge granted this petition, and even allowed EL's family to make plans to fully adopt W's baby as their son! EL let W know about this, and had even told her that they were going to keep the name THEY wanted because they believed he "shouldn't be named after the biological father." The judge also denied EL's previous application to give W's criminal history Judicial Review. Meanwhile, ELD and SIL filed a separate petition without W's consent, and used a different lawyer other than EL.

W was devastated that she'd been deceived like this. What was supposed to be a safe haven for her child turned into a lawyer's version of Rumpelstiltskin! W filed her own petition to modify the guardianship, claiming that EL had lied to her, that she had no idea that this was going to be permanent, and had no plans to give her son up for adoption whatsoever. Shortly after, W was released from jail, and the judge for her case thew EL and ELD's petitions for adoption right out the window, describing it as "the most dishonest, deceitful and unethical behavior" he'd seen in years. In the end, W was reunited with her baby boy while EL was forced to resign, and was stripped of her license.

TL;DR: A sleazy lawyer tricked her client into signing away the rights to her newborn son so she could adopt him as her own. The client retaliated, and got her baby back.

Edit: OMG, gold, silver, AND platinum?! TYVM!/nI really hope none of my cousin's have Reddit accounts, but here we go. 

Couldn't figure out if this would be better placed at entitledpeople or here, but since it involves my aunt and her kids, I decided on here. 

Obligatory first time post, mobile, formatting. I do have lots of other stories about my aunt if anybody is interested. TL:DR at end. 

There really wasn't any dialogue interactions that I can remember, so no need to designate abbreviations. 

This happened a while back, I can't give an exact time frame but I was relatively young, maybe 9 or 10. My aunt's life wasn't the picture of stability back then, and her house had burned down recently (another good story I have about her.)

So being the good sister my mother was, she offered to let my aunt and two of her four kids (the two not living at their dad's) stay at our house over the summer while we traveled to the other side of the state to visit my father, which we don't get to do often. All my aunt had to do was keep the place clean (take out the trash, change cat litter), feed our pets (dog and two cats), and generally don't destroy the place. An additional rule me and my sister set in place were that the boys (5 and 6yo at the time) weren't allowed in either of our rooms, as they would have no need to, as they were to sleep on the couch-that-converts-into-a-bed in the living room, and my aunt was to sleep in the spare bed we had at the bottom the stairs. She failed all of those requests multiple times. 

When we arrived back to our house, the place was a wreck. Let's go over all that she did:

She and her boyfriend got tired of the smoke detector going off whenever they smoked in the house (yes, near the animals) so they started leaving the back door wide open so that the smoke could flow out. That clearly didn't work, as the whole house still smelled like smoke, and it only allowed our house to be invaded by flies, gnats, and fleas.

They stopped cleaning the cat litter and taking out the trash about half way through the summer. Instead of feeding the animals at regular intervals, they just filled all the food bowls with tons of food and let the animals eat as much as they wanted, and just poured out more when it finally ran out. I'm surprised none of our pets were overweight when we got back. 

The money we left them to buy more pet food, they spent on cheap kibble and used the leftover money to buy smokes. Did I mention her boyfriend was wearing a police issued ankle monitor the whole time he was there? I don't think I did. 

Any time over the summer that they were required to put an address for something (which they had to do more than you would expect) they put our address. We're still getting court summons and parking tickets for them to this day. 

But the one thing that pissed me off the most at the time as a nine year old boy, is that whenever the kids got bored or she just didn't want to deal with them, she just told them to go find something to play with. So of course, they invaded my room, and she did nothing to stop them.

I came home to find my room covered in piles of mismatched Lego from dozens of different sets, never to be able to be sorted and reassembled again. They even decided to use a wooden model airplane I built with my grandfather as a glider, slamming it into the ground and breaking off the landing gear and wings. And worst of all, two of my battery powered nerf guns were completely missing. We later figured out that they had jammed them, and angrily threw them to the bottom of the pool in our back yard that was covered in moss and we hadn't cleaned in years. 

When we finally came back, we had to cover the costs of bug bombing the house to get rid of the flies, deep cleaning to get rid of the smoke smell, vet prescribed ointment for the fleas, and replacing all of the toys and other stuff that her kids broke. 

We asked her for the money from her directly and she just blamed her kids and said that her boyfriend was the one in charge of watching them when they did all that stuff. 

Eventually we figured out that the "Apartment" she found was a loft above my grandparents garage, and she was paying my grandma rent to live up there. Rent that the first year of had an additional fee which went directly to my mom, without her knowing. She just thought that the rent dropped after the first year. So she ended up paying for everything in the end anyway. Thanks grandma.

A bit anticlimactic, but that's what happened. 

My house never was quite the same after that, but I've tried to put the memories behind me, and start recollecting some of the stuff that they broke. I've got much nicer nerf blasters now. 

Other stories about my crazy aunt include the time our family ended up adopting her boyfriend's kittens because they weren't allowed in their apartment (RIP Delilah, you were a good little kitty.) And the time she screamed in my face for SAVING her dumb dog's life. 

My family is weird

TL:DR - My aunt, her boyfriend, and her kids destroyed our house over their summer stay and refuse to pay for it, but with a little help from my grandma, she ended up paying for everything anyway without even knowing what the money was going towards. 

Edit: the story about my aunt screaming in my face after saving her dog is up on crazypeople if anyone is interested.

Edit 2: I was telling my family about this post and they reminded me of a few other good ones. There was the time that her boyfriend removed our cat's gravestone, and the time that a building caught on fire while they were watching me and my sister. Let me know if anyone wants to hear those stories or any suggestions as to what subs those stories would go on.

Edit 3: Master has given Jack a silver. Jack is freee!

Seriously though, thanks for the support./nSo I finally have enough karma to post this. This is a pretty old story since I am no longer in college but it’s a story that is still pretty relevant to my life. Basically ever since I was born my mother has babied me to an extreme. She was the perfect definition of a helicopter parent and I have tons and tons of stories of things she has done from picking out my outfits all through high school to hand feeding me all of my food until I was five. It was intense and luckily the influence of my dad has made me a normal person. 

Let’s go:

So I have been trying to break free from my mom for a long time. College was going to be my out. The plan was to go to college in my dad’s state and stay with him until I get on my feet. This has always been the plan, ever since we started talking about my college plans. My mother agreed to it multiple times, saying it would be good for me to be put on my own. When she said this I thought “oh yay she’s changing.” Nope. 

The day I got my acceptance letter my mother cried so hard she made herself sick and made me drive her to the ER. During the next couple of days she would burst into tears every time she saw me saying things like:

EM: How could you do this to me? You’re my only child. You can’t just leave. Who will do your laundry? Who will cook for you? What am I going to do here without you? 

It was exhausting. Then one day she was totally calm. Never a good sign. She then dropped the biggest bomb on my live. She was moving to my college town. I asked her why she would do this to me. I told her I’m an adult and I need my own life and my own space. She didn’t like this. She broke down in tears and screamed at me: 

EM: You will never be an adult! You need me or you’re going to turn out just like your father! You need me! 

When I told her that I do not in fact need her. She continued like this for weeks and then...

EM: Well I could always enroll myself in your classes. That way we could study together and then work together someday! Maybe we can get a dorm room together?! 

This crazy lady wanted to move into the dorms with me. She wanted me not to move into my dad’s place and instead share a closet sized concrete room with her...what could go wrong? 

It took months to talk her out of following me to college. It ended in a “compromise to call her every morning and night that I eventually turned into just a morning call because of homework. I’m just so glad she didn’t follow meh sorry this isn’t really entertaining but I have other stories if you guys are interested. 

TLDR: My mom wanted to be my college roommate/nanother day, another post about people being bitchy about my disability.

i get it i guess. i’m 16 and look relatively healthy until i pass out and fall down a flight of stairs or can’t breathe and end up in the ICU.

anyways, i was going back to school yesterday via plane. i was alone for this particular flight. a short summary of me, i’m 16 and have enough health issues that give me the “perks” of being disabled that entitled people REALLY want. 

i made to through the airport so far. air travel can be a hassle for me depending on which airport and which TSA agent i have, but it was going relatively smoothly. i have a carryon backpack with my phone and shit and an entire suitcase that is marked with “medical equipment, please handle with care.”

inside that i have my dozens of meds, nebulizer, neb vials, oxygen tubing, etc, etc. usually that suitcase and its little tag keep me from getting shit on by the general public, but apparently not today. 

i’m waiting for my flight which is scheduled to start boarding in 25 minutes exactly. this is usually when i go up to the counter and state my need for priority boarding. i answer the relevant questions, provide documentation if asked, and viola, i get a new boarding pass that gives me extra time and allows me to sit in the bulkhead seat. i’m talking with the agent and she’s really sweet, so after she wraps everything up for me, we chat for a second and i talk about how crazy busy it is (i also work in customer service so i can empathize).

EM is standing behind me waiting to talk to the agent. i step aside and go over to wait for my flight. i sit down on the ground and pull out my laptop to work on my personal writing. 

i am wearing earbuds, but i can kinda feel that weird sensation where someone is staring at you. so i take them out and look up to see EM bitching and moaning to the agent at the counter about me getting priority boarding.

EM is shooting dagger glares at me. i infer that she is mad about priority boarding and therefore must be angry at how a seemingly healthy kid got to board before her and her little hellspawn. 

i now start to pay attention to the conversation.


me - disabled teenager who gives no fucks

EM - karen on crack

hellspawn - her 9yo son

CL - agent at the counter


EM - “EXCUSE ME, but why does this teenager get to board before us!”

CL - “i’m sorry, but that information is private.“

EM - “it’s not FAIR. she’s just a liar and a freeloader! she doesn’t need to board early!”

CL - “the young lady has a very valid reason and is protected by airline policy. what exactly is your reasoning for requesting priority boarding.”

EM - “my son right here is very young and needs help adjusting to the plane! you allow parents and kids extra time to board”

CL - “ma’am, your son is 9 years old. that policy does not apply to him any more.”

EM - “WHAT THE FUCK! i want to speak to your manager.”

i step in to intervene because i work in customer service and have dealt with many karens. it’s easier to have another person on your side. 

Me - “excuse me ma’am. i am allowed early boarding due to federal law and airline policy. please do not take it out on the agent right here. if you have an issue with my boarding, you can speak to me instead”

EM - “exactly WHY the fuck can you board early. you don’t meet any of the policies. grow up and take some responsibility”

i don’t know where the hell she got that from being i am sixteen traveling across the country alone with a disability. i’m pretty damn responsible.

Me - “i am disabled. i’ve got plenty more reasons to board early than you and your kid. if you so like, i will board normally and be unable to inform the flight crew of my disability and proper procedure to help me when i am in distress which means we might have to make an emergency landing. i’m sure you’ll like that because it will delay your arrival in [state] by a day. would you like me to do so?”

i’m standing there, looking like i give no fucks (per usual) and have my award winning RBF. 

EM looks taken aback and is a epitome of the shocked pikachu meme.  

EM - “but you aren’t old. you can’t be disabled if you aren’t old”

Me - “well, for your information, i am going back to school a few days early so that i can spend three days in the hospital seeing a variety of specialists, having a battery of tests, and possibly having a feeding tube placed. disability does not discriminate based on age. now if you will excuse me, i’m going to sit back down before i pass out.”

that shut EM up and she slunk back to her row of chairs to sit and wait for her boarding zone to be called. i wanted a few minutes and then got up to be at the very front of the priority boarding line. 

i enjoyed a peaceful flight and enjoyed seeing karen be stuck in the back of the plane waiting to deplane while i was the first one off.

EDIT - please stop asking me what my disabilities are! i have quite a few and don’t feel particularly inclined to explain them all in detail. the systems that are impacted by my disabilities are my lungs, heart, ANS, GI tract, and connective tissues, which cause all sorts of problems./nI really don't know how to start or word this so I am very sorry about any spelling or mistake. I just can't tell this story to my family, so I will just post it here to let you know how some people have no filter. EC is Entitled kid, EM is Entitled Mom, and Me is me.\*\*Sensitive material for people who have had things relating to suicide.\*\*

A small backstory of the people and mentioned attempt. In 8th grade I was diagnosed with Major Depression. My mental health declined and around 5 months ago on, Friday the 23 I think, I had attempted suicide VIA overdose on Ibuprofen. Obvious I am alive and so thankful for it. I was taken to a hospital and put into their teenage mental health ward. It was a nice place and I learned a lot of things that has help me manage my anxiety and depression. I am doing better, so do not worry about that as you read this. Suicide is a very triggering subject for me and can quickly bring me to tears if I am not prepared for. I knew EC before the incident, we met in the mental health ward. She had "mental health issues". I later found out she faked the symptoms to get out of school and work. Shes a piece of shit.

Now to the main story the title references to.A few days ago I returned my Oculus Rift as it had broke, but I got the whole valve back so I got a nice tech hall from Best Buy. The only thing that matters to my story is the SkullCandy, Hesh 3 Bluetooth headphones I got. I've had them for a few days and love them, it's a great way to calm myself down with music or to just relax. Yesterday I decided to go down to the park with my dog, a Belgian Malinios. After half an hour of walking around I took a seat in the grass, my dog laying his head on my lap as I played on my phone while listening to music. I sat there for around 15 minutes before I see a lady staring me down. She then walks over to me, her daughter following in suit. This is EM and EC. My dog immediately doesn't like them and growls, should have been a sign for me. I told him to calm down as I took of my headphones and put them around my neck. EM and EC get a few feet from me when I finally say it was \*her\*.

Me: "Hey, can you back up. My dog is a bit scared by you. I don't want him to fl..."EC:"Hey OP, don't worry, dogs love me! How have you been?"Me, sighing since I didn't want to talk with people: "Okay. Do you mind leaving me alone, I just want to listen to music and sit with my dog."EC:"Yeah, sure. Can I ask what headphones you have?"Me:"Hesh 3's, pretty good and worth the price if you have the cash."EC:"Mind if I try them?"Me:"I listen to some pretty odd music, you can just go try some at a tech shop or something."EC:"Oh please!"I go to speak, but EM cuts me off, "Just let her use them, she isn't gonna break them."I shake my head and wave them off. My dog knows when I'm getting anxious and leans into my chest. EM reaches for my headphones which are still on my neck, causing my dog to snip at her. She backs up and acts astonished. I pet my dog and he goes back to leaning on me.Me:"Im so sorry! That's why I said to stay back."EM:" Your dog just tried to bite me, don't make me call the cops on it."Me:"That was your fault. Can you just leave me alone."EC:"Just let me try it for fucksake, no wonder no one visited you in the hospital."At this point, my eyes widen and I go pale. I go to open my mouth, but can't speak a word. The mention of my stay makes me shut down, since only one person came into see me once.EM:"Ohhhhh, your one of \*those\* kids. Then she can just have them. Sad people don't need headphones."I just look at her, I had let go of my dog and he was now in a protective stance across my lap.Me, stuttering out: "I'm not sad ma'am, I am doing fine now. You daughter was in there with me."EM:"No she wasn't! She's a happy child and would never be sad! I give her everything she wants. Apparently unlike your parents to make such a selfish brat."Me, starting to tear up and ready to cry:"What's your fucking problem! Leave me alone!"No one stepped in because no one was there that could help, just a few people watched as I was practically harassed in a public park.EM:"What did you fucking say to me? She deserves the headphones since she's not selfish like you! Not like you are going to need them, your just gonna kill yourself."At this point I had started to cry, it was humiliating. It brought back all the feelings and made me feel useless as two people stood above me and I could do nothing.EC:"See! Your still sad! Now let me have them before you kill yourself!"EM:"No wonder no one visited you!" She reaches for me again, and this time my dog nips at her and gets a small piece of her hand. She screams like I shot her and backs away screaming that my dog is insane and needs to be shot. I am really happy my dog was there because I wouldn't have been able to do anything about it. I let my dogs leash gain slack as I could do nothing back cry and he bolted at her until his leash caught. By then she was running with her POS child. He comes back and cuddles me while I hold him and cry. I went home the second I finished crying and fell asleep on the couch with my dog.

That's the end of the story, I am sorry there wasn't a satisfying ending and they still harass me any time they see me. I don't understand how people can be so shallow. There were more details, but I didn't want to make an essay for you guys. Otherwise, thank you for reading and letting me share my story.

Edit:I must add that my dog is an ex-Police dog.Second Edit: Here is my Karen Hunter for y'all [https://imgur.com/hXcSM8f](https://imgur.com/hXcSM8f) ./nHey guys. This story is from two years ago. It happened around the time when I first moved to Vegas. 

I have a cousin who has 7 kids and since I had just moved and I hadn’t seen them since the youngest was in diapers.

Now this cousin also has a sister who has exactly one child. For that one kid she get food stamps, child support and she doesn’t fucking work. She is that type of person who trades their food stamps for cash and blows her money on stupid shit like trips to Cali and Weed. She literally only cares about someone if she can use them.

Mind you my cousin with the 7 works her ass off. She is a little embarrassed that she gets government help because she feels responsible for having all 7 of her children. But no matter how hard she works she makes enough for bills and the food stamps she gets is buys just enough food to last the month. (Growing kids eat a lot)

Mind you I was 20 turning 21 and I always had hella money left over after every check. My bills were paid on time and I would help my mother from time to time.

We visited the kids one day and the 3rd youngest told me that Christmas was coming but he knows he wasn’t going to get anything from Santa but he is excited that they get to eat good food on Christmas. (Kids live off of ramen and ravioli)

This shattered my heart, all of her kids are well behaved for the most part and they deserved a good Christmas. I started asking them what they wanted.

In order from oldest to youngest: Dax wanted headphones, and a new sweater. Jen wanted a sweater and nail polish. Daren wanted a football and cake. JR wanted a soccer ball and cake. Z wanted transformers and power rangers. Nana wanted my little pony. J wanted anything paw patrol.
(Names are changed of course)

So I talk to my cousin in Spanish since the kids don’t understand it yet and I tell her how I will take Christmas off and how I want to take the kids for her. She look like she wanted to cry she thanked me and told me she would try to pay me back. I told her no, she stated she would pick up an extra shift because she still wanted to get them something.

So I got paid and I gave myself a 40 dollar limit per kid. I got each kid two big presents from Walmart and with the remaining money got them all small stuff from the dollar store. Her kids appreciate everything you get them.

The two that wanted cake. They got cake. I even put a bow on that bitch and we hid it behind the milk and eggs in the fridge.

Now I guess my cousin told her sister cause I got a call from her sister and this is how the conversation went.

EC: Entitled cousin
Me: obviously 
GC: Good Child (his mom is a piece of shit but he isn’t)

EC: Hey Kris told me you were doing Christmas for her kids.

Me: yeah they are spending Christmas Eve at my house. Mom’s cooking dinner and we open presents the next morning.

EC: Surely you have room for one more?

Me: Are you talking about GC?

EC: Of course I am.

Me: Alright np. Drop him off Christmas Eve night so he can eat and watch movies then pick him up the next morning.

EC: No problem

Mind you guys after buying the kids their presents and my parents their I was a little broke. EC called me the day before Christmas Eve. So I scrounged what I could and got GC some dollar store toys.

Christmas Eve comes and my mom picks up the 7 and brings them to the house. They are flabbergasted by the presents under the tree and in the stockings with their names. The older ones goofing about who got what. I wait for a hour or two and EC never brings GC. So we feed the kids and start watching movies. After about 3 movies all of the kids pass out to food comas.

The next morning we wake and there is no word from EC the kids start diving into their presents. JR and Daren have some Christmas cake and they share with their siblings. Everything is in full swing. Then banging on the door.

I open it and I’m not really happy.

Me: why the fuck are you banging on my.. oh it’s you guys. Why didn’t you bring GC last night?

EC: Watch your mouth. I got busy and we couldn’t make it.

Me: (smelling bullshit and rolling my eyes) you’ve said worse stuff in front of GC. You want to come it?

EC: sorry we don’t have time can we just get his presents, his meal and go?

Me: His meal?

EC: yeah your mom cooked. 

Me: yeah last night. You were busy and the kids ate it all.

EC: you didn’t save GC a plate?

Me: you never brought him so no.

EC: whatever just give us his presents.

GC looks like he wants to stay and play. I felt bad for the kid. I walked in and swam through wrapping paper till I got to GC’s presents. They were small so I put them in a gift bag. He opened them on my porch and his eyes lit up.

GC: Whoa a ninja, and a wrestler, ooo silly putty. I got a puzzle! I love this thank you Momo.

I got a little glomp. I hugged him back and said Merry Christmas.

EC: that’s it?

I gave her a look. Trying to compose myself. Bitch meter rising

Me: what do you mean?

EC: How much did you spend on them?

Me: none of your business

EC: you know you are selfish. You bought him these cheap ass toys so you could buy Kris and her kids all that shit. Let GC have one of each of their toys so it’s fair.

Bitch meter explodes

Me: Are you insane?  (Closes door and covers GC’s ears) It’s Christmas be glad I bought anything at all. You only ever call us when you want something. You rob your son of a good time cause you only care about yourself it’s not fair to him. You spend your money on bullshit when you have a whole child to care for. You only have one child and because you milk your baby daddy that poor soul pays hella money for his son but you spend that money on your nails and weed. How about you act your age and be responsible for once.

EC looked shocked.

EC: who do you think you are?

Me: A woman who didn’t try to trap a man by getting pregnant on purpose. A woman who doesn’t get assistance but pays taxes so lazy bitches like you can feed your kid. The woman that bought your kid Christmas presents because I wasn’t selfish like his mother.

EC looked like she wanted to hit me. She would have swung if my mom hadn’t come outside.

EC is intimidated by my mom. She takes GC and leaves.

She ended up moving to Chicago to mooch off of her mother now. I hope GC is okay and that he doesn’t pick up her horrid habits.

Edit: So I talked to my cousin with the 7 and she got ahold of her mother in Chicago. GC is taller now, (damn genes) and his grandmother now has legal custody of him. His mother was in trouble with the law (not drug related) and she is serving time and lost custody.

His father lives here in Vegas and he can’t afford to take care of him since he’s struggling to take care of himself.

GC is planning a trip to save up his allowance so he can come visit us. I gave him 250 to help.

Thank you guys for your love and support./nYou've been asking for it, so here it is, the story of the time BK played TF2 with my team, and yes, it goes about as well as you think: [https://www.reddit.com/user/collierider12/comments/asp40v/the\_time\_i\_played\_tf2\_with\_bk/](https://www.reddit.com/user/collierider12/comments/asp40v/the_time_i_played_tf2_with_bk/)

&#x200B;

Now, if you're unaware, You can actually use family sharing to share games across multiple computers. it requires someone to log into your account, download a game, then log back into their account.

After they've done this, they will try to play the game they've downloaded but get met with a screen telling them they don't have permission to play it. You can then send a request, and using the original user's email, they can give the person permission to play their games.

I mention this, because after I was doing some screen sharing on discord, we looked at each other's steam library's and had an idea. We all traded account info's and downloaded one game from each other's libraries and played each other's games.

There is one problem with this system, however. You can only share your library with only so many people.

So when we were done, we had all filled each other's share limit and couldn't allow anyone else to play our games.

That being said, on the day this occurred, I was having mic problems. My mic was incredibly quiet and barely anyone could hear me, so I had to enter in my account details into chat.

The discord we were using was a friends only room. so we were the only ones in there. We also had one other kid who wasn't in the room. I wasn't too familiar with this kid, I only knew him as the friend of another guy in the chat room I was close with. The only reason he was invited into the room was because we were talking about setting up a discord before playing a few matches on TF2. While we were talking however, The kid overheard us. BK (Or bitchy Kid as I'll be calling him from now on.) Started whining about how he wanted to be in on the server because he had no friends, and he wanted to be a part of something big. (It wasn't really that big considering it was just a few guys playing tf2, but whatever.)

My friend convinces me to just "let him play with us" So he'll stop complaining, and we do.

big mistake, but that's another story for another day.

Anyway, soon after we had entered each other's account details, I changed my password just to be safe, which luckily doesn't take away anyone's permissions either.

&#x200B;

Cue the next day, and I'm looking at my emails through my phone, and there's a ton of \[password entered incorrectly\] from steam and my account ended up getting locked. I'm confused and just assume it's an idiotic hacker who was trying to get into my account. I reinstate my account and get on.

After a short while, I suddenly get messages from BK:

BK: Hey, I tried entering your password and I can't get in.

I'm immediately confused.

Me: Why were you trying to get into my account.

BK: You posted your passwords and stuff on discord. I saw them and wanted to look at your games.

Me: That was for my friends at the time. I never gave you permission to access my account.

BK: But you gave everyone else your account, why not me?

Me: Because I barely know you. I trust everyone else with my details because I've known them for years.

BK: But I'm in the discord with you, That should be proof enough that I'm trustworthy...

Me: No, you got into OUR discord because you complained to my friend that you didn't have any friends. That doesn't prove you're trustworthy, it just proves you complain when something doesn't go your way.

BK(As if to prove my point): But I want to play your games!

Me: look, even if I did share my games with you, you wouldn't be able to play them.

BK: Why not!?

Me: I've already shared the max amount of computers available through family sharing, and can't let anyone else use my account.

BK: Then kick someone off your account and let me in.

At this point, I had had enough and just closed the friends tab while he spammed me messages about how I should "Be a better friend." and about how "My other friends were gonna hear about this."

Sure enough, the next day one of my friends voice chats me.

Me: "hey."

Friend: "Hey, I'm not sure if you were aware or not, but BK was talking shit about you last night."

I can only laugh. Me: "Oh did he now?"

Friend: "Yeah, he was talking about how you were a terrible friend and that we should kick you out of discord."

ME: "And?"

Friend: "We just told him off."

Me: "Did he ever say why he was complaining?"

Friend: "Not really, after you went to bed last night, he hopped on and just started calling you out for some reason."

I merely shook my head. We talked for a while before he signed off.

It wasn't until later that night when the "magical moment" happened.

I was playing dark sanctuary and I suddenly heard a voice call coming through steam. I clicked out of DS and opened up my friends tab. Oh boy, it's BK /s. I answer the phone call, and to my surprise, there's a guy breathing deep into the microphone, it legitimately sounded like the guy swallowed the microphone.

ED: "Are you the guy who's been isolating my kid?"

Once again I'm confused.

Me: "isolating?"

ED: "Yeah, you're not letting my son have the same account your friends are using."

I roll my eyes.

I then try to explain to him the situation and that I barely knew his son. But all I got in return was:

ED: "My son doesn't have any friends because of shits like you that bully him and make him feel left out. I don't care WHAT you have to do, let my son play your games like you did with those other kids and apologize to him while you're at it."

I pause for a moment out of sheer audacity. I collect my self and then respond: "Sir, I'm not going to do that. I have no reason to apologize to your son, seeing as I've done nothing wrong. I'm also not going to-"

Before I could continue, I get hit with this golden line: "I've been in the military for 15 years, I can kick a little shit like you down the street and still walk around without a care in the world. I'll be smiling the entire time I do it too unless you give my son your account info."

I suddenly catch a slight giggle in the background and I realize BK is in the room with his dad.

I decide that I've had enough of both this kid and his father.

Me: "I'm not going to apologize, and your son can't have my account."

I hang up and block the kid's account. I shortly hop onto discord and explain the situation to my friends. We all unanimously agree to kick him from the discord and block him from steam.

The next day, BK comes screaming at my friend and me, crying about how he doesn't want to be abandoned and that he was "Sorry" for his dad's actions.

I pointed out that if that was actually true, he wouldn't of been laughing while his dad was threatening me with violence. We moved on and continued gaming without a word from BK or his dad, and I still live to this day with my ass intact./nAh. It’s me here again. This time I know what things I can write about and oh does this open up some doors!

Good Morning, Good Interval and Good Evening to those who read!

Backstory: This was after my visit to my company’s contractor, I was on another business trip. I had taken my Girlfriend, and Accountant(same cool guy as last time he’s also married) to dinner and we were on our way home. Later at around 11pm me and my girlfriend went to our hotel room and he went separately to his.
I wanted to go to the hot springs outside(it has an incredible view at night over the ocean and it’s located between cliff sides) and my girlfriend said she’d come with.  We both had not brought any bathing suits and were relaxing in the pool, keep in mind this is a booked area for privacy, and in jumps: 
(Its a private area so they shouldn’t be here from the start)

EM: Entitled Mother
EK: Entitled Kid
GF: Girlfriend

GF: Wait, why is there people here?

Me: I think it’s best if you get changed now

GF: k got it

I stand with a towel around my waist covering everything to my knees and walk over to them at this time the kid was wondering around at the open showers.

Me: Sorry but it seems like you came to the wrong area, I can show you your area if you let me see your number?

EM: No it’s okay, the public ones too full now so we’ll just have this half of the spring

Me: Sorry but I’m actually here with my GF and she doesn’t feel comfortable with your son being here

(My GF told me the following part)

EK: (Walked up to my Gf who is older than him btw we are both below 30) Hey, there

GF: Hey..?

EK: It must be pretty lonely here by yourself and your friend

GF: Ah, that’s my boyfriend and we have plenty of company with each other so don’t worry about that, are you lost?

EK: No no, I’m just here to see you

GF: (Knows he’s flirting) Sorry little guy but this is a private area, I don’t think you’re aloud in here

EK: That is if you don’t let me

GF: *Literally is laughing while holding the laughter back at his attempt

My GF walks towards me and the kid follows

Me: You okay?

GF: Yeah, but I do give credit to the kid for trying

Me: What?

GF: Don’t worry about it I’ll tell you later 

EM: Sorry but I think your time is up in this area

Me: Don’t worry there’s a bell

EM: But anyway you’ve hogged this area to yourself long enough so couldn’t you just leave?

Me: We want to use our time relaxing so sorry but I would like to enjoy some alone time more

EM: *getting frustrated* But you’ve already been in here for so long!

Me: Well I did book this area two nights ago

EM: We’re both really tired tonight so can you just think a little about other people and leave?

At this point I can’t be bothered and just said to my GF, “let’s just go” and she said yes with the cutest pouch on her face

EM: No she can stay

Me and GF: What

EM: You can go back but she can stay with us!

GF: Thanks but I think I’ll go too

EK: Can you stay with me please?

GF: Sorry but I’ve got a BoyFriend Little guy

Me: Wait 

EM: What’s the matter with you can’t you see my son likes her more than you? Just go!

Me: Wait

EM: MY SON LIKES HER MORE SO CANT YOU JUST GET OUT ALREADY? SHE OBVIOUSLY DOESN’T LIKE YOU ANYWAY

GF: Sorry to disappoint but we’re getting married in two months

EK: WHAT?! BUT YOU WERE GONNA KISS ME!

GF: When-

EM: WHY WOULD SUCH A LOVELY GIRL MARRY THIS SELFISH CUNT?

Me: I’m done talking with you, you’re insane. let’s go, (gf name)

EM: DON’T YOU LAY A FINGER ON MY SONS GIRLFRIEND! AND YOU’RE YOU (points to GF) WHY WOULD YOU EVER CONSIDER SUCH A MAN?

Me: If you want to talk shit about me go on but stop bothering my bride or else the only kiss you’re sons going to get is my fist

I stared right at her as she shut up then turned to her son and said “any other shit you wanna say to her?”

He backed off a little and me and GF walked to the reception and told our story, they got dragged out by security and I’ve never had an encounter with them since.

Welp that’s what I get for having such a cute Girlfriend!


Thanks for the support since the first one, I’ve never heard about reddit before since my GF told me that I should share these stories so here I am now!

Thanks again for the support!/nbtw this is a repost because I posted this a long time ago and not many people saw it and now I have more karma so hopefully more people see it.

So, for some backstory, my friend, I'll just call her Giselle, is disabled. She is in a wheelchair, and can't talk or move much. She has a machine that she can talk through so she can communicate. She is super smart, and has an insanely good memory, and she made it on a team at school, it was just a team for smart people that did competitions. I don't know what to call it. To get in the team you had to do a test, and if you got over 90 percent, then you moved onto the next test, where all the people that did well on the first test competed, and the best 14 people made it onto the 3rd part, where the lowest scoring 2 people don't make it to the team. They were very hard. Only 12 people could make it on the team. I tried to get on the team, and I got to the 3rd part, and so did Giselle.

There was this mean girl who, we'll just call DUB, standing for Dumb Un-empathetic Bi-- I mean, brat, also made to the 3rd part. She was always super mean to Giselle and made fun of her and mocked her, and refused to get near her. 

It came to the day we all did the test to see the 2 people that wouldn't make it on the team. The two people that didn't make it were DUB and a random boy I didn't know.

The day after that, we were spending the extra hour at school doing competitions and learning new things. About halfway into the hour, DUB and her mom, EM, comes in, both looking furious. The second Giselle and I see them we both know shit is about to go down.

Our teacher, who we'll call Mr. Person, immediately unwelcomed them, knowing that they were going to argue to try and get on the team, and said "May I help you?"

EM says, "Umm, yes, my daughter, DUB, didn't make it the team, and she should be on it."

Mr. Person calmly says, "Ma'am, your daughter didn't make it on the team. She can try again next year. This team is for the best of the best."

The EM comes back with, "DUB is the best of the best, I bet she deserves to be on the team!"

Mr. Person sighs, and then I notice EM notices Giselle, and is glaring at her.

Mr. Person says silent, not knowing what to say, and then EM breaks the silence with, 

"Look at that retard! She's in a wheelchair, and she needs a machine to do anything! She should be off of the team and DUB should take her place! She's retarded, she can't be on the team!"

I scoot my chair over to get closer to Giselle to comfort her. Then Mr Person explodes, furious that this mom would be so rude to Giselle, and say she is retarded and cant be on the team, because she wants her daughter on the team. 

"Do you REALLY think, that because someone simply has a LITTLE BIT of trouble doing things physically, that makes then automatically STUPID? She was born with that, and she is still incredibly smart, how DARE you think that. This is IDIOTIC, AND SO ARE YOU!"

Giselle starts grinning.

EM screams, "EVERYONE IN HERE IS STUPID, AND DESERVES TO ROT IN HELL! ESPECIALLY YOU AND THAT STUPID RETARD! FUCK YOU!"

She then stomps out of the room. Everyone is taken aback by that, and Mr. Person is furious for swearing at a bunch of little kids, simply because they made it on the team, and that he and Giselle should rot in hell.

Giselle's smile turns into a frown, which turns into a sob. We all try and help comfort her, and after a little bit she calms down. By the end of this, the hour is over and we all go home.

I occasionally see DUB, and whenever I do, she always gives me the most intense death glare she can, same with Giselle and all the other team members. This was a couple of months ago.

Anyways, thanks for reading this and getting absolutely triggered with me and everyone else!

Edit: my karma literally doubled within a day with this post, and I got my first award! Thanks so much guys./nSo I just read a post about a kid wanting a ps5 which reminded me of this.

So I walk into eb games looking for some games and this is when the 2 demons enter the store. The kid looked really happy so I assumed he was getting a console or a new game and I was right, he was here to get a new console but not one that was out yet.  

Cast:

EM: entitled mother

EK: entitled kid

Me: take a guess

Ue: unfortunate employee 

AM: awesome manager

Sc: security

Em: Hi I would like to buy a playstation 5 please.

Ue: Sorry ma'am but that console hasn't been announced yet(this was last year). If you'd like I could show you our current console line up.

Em: No, we don't want an old console we want the new ps5.

Ue: Like I said ma'am the ps5 hasn't even been announced let alone released we have the ps4 pro though which is currently the latest in the playstation line up.

Ek: Mum he's lying I saw a video about it online the guy even showed the console.

Em: I know my son isn't lying, I know you have ps5's in the back but you can't sell them yet, just bring one out here or else...

Ue: Ma'am, please don't threaten me and I will say this again, the playstation 5 is not out yet therefore I cannot sell you a product that doesn't exist.

Em: You know what get you manager, and while you're at it pack your shit up because I'm about to get you fired.

Ue goes out and brings his manager, and now this is the conversation:

Am: What seems to be the problem here?

Em: This entitled shit of an employee you have here won't sell me what I want.

Am: what is it that you're looking for?

Em: I want 2 things, first you need to fire this piece of shit and second I want a playstation 5 with at least 10 games free of charge.

Ek: And 3 extra controllers.

Em: and that too.

Am: Ma'am, we cannot sell a product we don't have, what is so hard to understand about that.

Ek: They're both lying I watched a video.

Am: Hey can you put on said video for me, because most of those videos are fake.

Ek: They're not fake! I'll show you!

Then he pulls up a the video and the manager just laughs.

Am: Kid, you ever read the description? This guy literally says in there that its a joke video (I wish I had seen the screen so I knew who it was).

Em checks the description and goes quite.

Em: Ok I've been patient enough, if you wont sell me what I want, I'll take this.

Then she walks over to the ps4 area and grabs a ps4 box and moves to the games.

Ek: Mum don't get the games from there those are used.

Then she grabs all the games she saw and leaves, the manager and employee do nothing and with good reason, see they obviously kept the console box empty but the game cases were empty too because the kept the disks up at the front counter. With the preowned ones, some stores don't empty those due to space issues.

Me: Do you get people like that a lot? 

Ue: unfortunately yes.

Me: Oh well do you have any fallout 76 copies left?

Ue: Sorry we're sold out but you can check back tomorrow.

Me: ok thanks.

The next day when I arrive I see security in the store talking to em and ek.

Em: BUT THIS STORE FUCKING SCAMMED ME! THEY SOLD ME EMPTY GAME CASES AND AN EMPTY BOX OF A PLAYSTATION! AND YOU'RE BLAMING ME!

Sc: Ma'am you stole those game cases and claim that they sold it to you.

Em: YOU HAVE NO FUCKING PROOF OF THAT BUT I HAVE MY SON AS A WITNESS YOU DUMB BITCH!

Am: 'Dumb bitch' huh, well then why don't we just see the security tapes.

Now em turns as pale as sand and says nothing.

Ek: But mommy! My games!

Em: SHUT UP!

Then she was arrested for stealing and thats karma for you kids.

Didn't get fallout76 and im happy i didn't, it was trash as hell, it would've been a waste of good money.

Edit: to all the people saying fallout 76 was never  sold out, it was when it first came out so people loved a new fallout game. Also the people thinking this is fake, look if you want to think this is fake, im not gonna stop you because I don't have enough time for this and whatever I do you probably still won't believe me./nTL;DR: Entitled mum thinks her daughter deserves first place instead of me because I’m a foster kid that will ‘never become anything’, even though second place still qualifies her daughter for the next level of competition.


Back story: I grew up in foster care. My foster carer at the time of this story was very involved in the school community and regularly like to tell the parents of my peers all about how I ended up in foster care and how hard I was to deal with. Yeah, she wasn’t that great.

I was in Year 4 at this point (either 9 or 10) and I was quite good at sports, but swimming especially. My birth mother had been a surf lifesaver, and before everything went belly up for her, and my brothers and I were removed from her care, we spent everyday in the water, and learned to swim a length of a pool before we could walk.

Our story is set at the annual school swimming carnival. I had done two races and won them both, and up next was the 50m freestyle. Ended up crushing it and coming first by a few body lengths; I was catching my breath and taking my goggles off when the kid who came second touched the wall. 

Enter EM (Entitled Mum).

She was watching from the sidelines and made a beeline for my Sports teacher (ST) who was holding the stop watch for my lane. 

I didn’t hear the first part of the convo, this is the first bit I heard.

EM: NO. My child clearly came first. 

ST: I’m sorry, but she really didn’t, [Me] did.

EM: It was too close to call. I really think you should give my daughter first place.

ST: She didn’t come first, she came second. [Me] won fair and square

EM: Fair and square? You know the sort of child she is! She probably cheated!

ST: How did she cheat? We all watched them start at the exact same time, I’m sorry, but she came first.

EM: Does it even matter if she came first? She’s just going to end up a whore junkie like her mother, my daughter deserves to go to zone, not her.

(for those unfamiliar with Australian school sports, zone is the next level, where you compete with other schools) 

ST: *calls over the Deputy Principal (DP) who was going round to the teachers who were timing to get the final timings* Mrs [Name], your daughter came second. Second still qualifies for zone. And that is a truely awful thing to say. I’m sorry, but we’re going to have to ask you to leave the complex, we don’t tolerate language like that at our school and we won’t allow it here.

DP: Mrs [Name], please grab your belongings and follow me.

EM: You are all taking this child’s side? We’ve all heard the stories, we know this girl is never going to become anything, why should she get first place? My daughter wants to compete professionally, she deserves to come first.

DP + ST: *don’t reply, just try to lead her out towards the exit*

EM: NO. I am not leaving. I am going to watch my daughter compete. I will not have you treat me this way! My husband will hear about this, and you will regret this. *throws herself on to her seat in the grandstand*

DP: Mrs [Name], we really do need you to leave. For your daughter’s sake, please don’t make a scene. 

(I remember looking over to her daughters lane and seeing the poor girl crying, looking down at her feet in the pool to avoid everyone’s gaze)

EM: I am doing this for my daughter! She deserves to win! Not this piece of shit kid that no one cares about, she’s not worth anything. My daughter will win at zone and will become a commonwealth swimmer, and you are both trying to strip that away from her!

DP and ST, along with one of the parents sitting next to her ended up dragging her off. I can’t remember what she was screaming, but i remember it being unpleasant. 

Her daughter apologised to me the next day. We were pretty close friends until I had to move a year later when that foster placement broke down.

P. S I used EM words to fuel me and I won every single race that day but the 50m butterfly. I still remember these words to this day, and I still use them to fuel me. Ended up graduating high school, getting a scholarship to a prestigious uni in Aus, landed an epic job straight after graduation and I’ve gone my own business (not an MLM lol) that I’m crushing. So jokes on you EM.

EDIT: spelling. And thank you so much for the golds and silvers and all the beautiful comments! This story popped into my head the other day and I’ve never really told it. It felt good to share it. To all the kids out there who have been or are in the system, we got this. Become everything you want to be, because you can./nSo I posted a story in r/entitledparents and another one in r/entitledkids, and you guys showed A LOT OF LOVE! THANK YOU! <3 (no joke the one in entitled kids got to post of the day). Let's begin and I hope this doesn't get lost, I count in you Karen haters. Remember that all dialogues are translated from Spanish and sorry for spelling/grammar mistakes. Here in Argentina, winter holidays begun this Friday (at least for me) and the event happened that day but I forgot to write this story since I spent all the weekend playing videogames. :P

\---

***Cast***

Me/OP: A 13 year old boi (male)

EM: Entitled mother around 30 years that judges people by their look (female)

FOD: Friend of Dad, AKA my savior. (male)

\---

***Backstory***

So in my school there are a lot of kids and in consequence a lot of divisions (1st year A to 1st year R, comment if I used the right word). The school organised a schedule that makes divisions leave school in different times so the streets don't fill up with students that want to go home. My division has to leave at 12:15 PM in Fridays (important for later), and this is what generates the encounter (btw in my country it's really weird to find an EP, so I didn't think of the posibility of meeting one).

\---

***Story***

So before getting into the subway to get home (I usually take the bus), I bought myself an empanada to celebrate that I made it to the winter holidays without failing any subject. So I hop into the subway, eat my empanada and start playing Brawl Stars. As I finish the empanada and a match of Heist, FOD approaches to me. We chat for a bit and then he goes to a seat in another wagon.

I'm 3 stops from my house when EM gets in the subway, and she starts looking me weird. I understand because I don't look like I'm my age, and few schools do what mine does (what I told you to remember). So I finish a Showdown match when she out of nowhere taps me in the shoulder.

EM: Hey kiddo, where's your mom?

I try not to punch her. I'm okay with people that mistake me with a younger kid, but I hate when they *treat* me like one.

Me: Sorry miss, but I'm travelling alone.

EM: That's impossible!

Me: No it's not, I'm 13, I go to (school name) and I can travel alone.

I put my phone away just in case she wants to steal or something.

EM: No you can't! Don't lie to me! You're like 8 or 9, you should be at school, you shouldn't even have an iPhone X! (I have an LG Q6)

Me: (enraged) Then how did I get on here without someone stopping me? I have my ticket with me and my phone isn't an iPhone!

EM: (raises voice) DON'T TALK TO ME LIKE THAT! YOU'RE ESCAPING SCHOOL!

Me: No I'm not! (school name) lets my division go out earlier at Fridays!

EM: YOU'RE LYING! I'LL TAKE YOU WITH YOUR MUM! I DON'T KNOW HOW DID YOU ESCAPE AND GET HERE WITH NO TROUBLE! GOSH!

I don't know how she associated school with mom, but that stupidity leaves me in shock for a second, and she knew it.

She grabs me by the arm and starts walking to the next wagon. Now, I really hate conflict, but I did some taekwondo, so I try to leave, but she doesn't let go, so I take a deep breath, and I grab her arm and throw her to the floor. AND EVERYONE IN THE WAGON JUST FELT THAT THEY SHOULD LEAVE. F\*\*K YOU SPECTATORS, THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME.

EM: OMG HOW COULD YOU DO THAT! (slaps me) YOU'RE A NASTY CHILD, YOU GO BACK TO SCHOOL NOW!

I'm in the verge of tears, I didn't expect EM to do that, and I don't know what to do. And when she tries to grab me again, FOD grabs her arms and pushes her back

EM: WTF ARE YOU DOING?! STAY OUT OF THIS!

FOD: No! I'm his father, he's 13 and I'm trying to teach him how to travel alone in subway!

He pushes me a bit. I know what he wants to do.

EM: I DON'T BELIEVE YOU!

Then FOD proceeds to tell EM my name and surname and all members of my family (dad, mom, little brother).

EM: THAT'S NOT PROOF! I'LL FIND HIS REAL MOTHER!

My stop is coming, so just before the doors close FOD runs out of the train with me in tow. EM couldn't do the same. We start coming back from the adrenaline rush, I check in my bag if I lost something and we walk to my home. When we arrive we tell everything to my parents and they were shocked, but later we all had lunch together and made this a funny thing. Thank you for reading.

\---

If you think this is fake, believe me, it is not. I'm still shocked about the stupidity of some people and how did I meet an EP. Please show love as an upvote. Have a good day! :D

\---

Edit 1: GUYS OMG THANK YOU SO MUCH! This post got so many upvotes in less than a day and I'm beyond ecstatic! Tysm guys I love you! ❤
Edit 2: I have no words... Thanks kind stranger for the gold award! I didn't think I would ever get one/n(Made error in the title so here’s the repost!)
Hey all, after telling this story for a number of years I decided to immortalise it on Reddit for all to enjoy...so let’s not waste any time and get into the carnage!

When I was 16 (I’m 20 now for context) I use to work at a very local hotel since so just dropped out of 6th form (the British Version of a stage before college) I took on a lot of roles and it was extremely hard work, unsociable hours, god-awful pay and harsh management. After working there for about a year, the General Manager came up to me and offered me some hours down in our Leisure area which I graciously accepted as any simple-minded desperate for money person would. This leisure centre was composed of a Pool, Small Gym, jacuzzi etc. Let me tell you to work down there was no small task, it was HOT for us Brits, 40 degree heat is kinda nasty especially with a work-load on your shoulders.

Whilst on shift down stairs you were in charge of maintaining the pool, cooking, cleaning, taking calls, providing show around a for potential members and stuff like that. We offered a range of memberships to best suit most people, ranging from families to Pensioners living off their pensions. Now then, the fun part...it was a very hot day so I’m talking sweat  e v e r y e h e r e, I was going about my duties of moping the floor by the Jacuzzi when I make out a small kid looking through the window, face and hands pressed against the glass (which I had polish about 10 minutes prior, no biggie l, we were all kids once) and notice he’s with someone so I stop what I’m doing and head to the reception desk to greet them.

I was greeted by the Full monty Karen herself (needs no explanation) so I smiled said hi and asked how I could help...

EM: “Can you let us in? Charlie (not real name) wants to swim”  

Me: That’s fine madam, are you staying at the hotel?

EM: “no” (In a time thy made it sound like I insulted her intelligence)

Me: “Oh ok..are you a Member?”

EM: “Of course not! Your prices are far too ridiculous” 

Now I’ve dealt with a lot of sh*t whilst working here so an attitude never really phased me

Me: “I’m awfully sorry Madam but the Leisure facilities are for guests and Members only”

EM: “Are you f*cking serious?! Do you know how far I’ve driven to be here?! I’m meeting my friends upstairs in the lounge in literally ten minutes!”

I clocked that earlier she said “can you let US in” which plays a key part as I put the pieces together towards the end. After a bit of back and forward and A LOT of cursing in my direction she finally left with the kid vowing she’d have my job for this..whatever everyone says that but they never follow through, I thought. So I carried on about my business, sweating, cleaning, cooking..looking after the regulars who knew me very well as the night slowly came to a close..So by now everyone is either getting changed to leave or have already left so the pool is silent along with every else..So I’m in the gym, wiping down the equipment when I hear a random *SPLOOSH!* so I turn around and head out to the poolside where I see a fully clothed kid sinking to the bottom of the deep end whilst trying to get air. My instincts kick in and I’m in the water in seconds, I dive under pull him up and check that he’s all ok, he’s crying of course, he didn’t mean to do what he did he just wanted to swim (fun fact..he couldn’t, all the commotion attracts the attention of the regulars still around who give  me a hand in calming the kid down when all of a sudden *BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM* I can hear from even the poolside, EM drink in hand red-faced and primed for action

EM: “GET YOUR F*CKING HANDS OFF OF MY KID YOU PAEDO!” *continues to march over to me*

Me: “I beg your pardo-“ *EM attempts to straight up swing for me whilst I’m tending her her kid, luckily the regulars step in and keep her from trying to maul me*

EM: “HE JUST WANTED TO SWIM AND YOU WERE JUST GONNA LET HIM DROWN?!”

Me: “Right..I explained to you quite clearly earlier that you couldn’t, and there is even a policy on the wall which states that all children under 12 years must be supervised” *that policy was the one saving grace so had during this...it’s literally in a frame in the front desk so it’s clear for all*

I start guiding this poor kid back to his mum before she attempts another swing, even almost tried to throw her glass at me

EM: “YOU TOUCH MY SON AGAIN AND MY FIANCÉ WILL FUCKING KILL YOU!”

By this time the Duty Manager in station at the time was downstairs and by my side, we’ll call him Jack. Jack explained that she really had to leave, she was causing a public disruption to the flow of business and threatening staff never went down well.

EM: “I’M NOT LEAVING UNTIL YOU SACK THAT PIECE OF SHIT YOU CALL STAFF!”

J: “Well, you’ll be here a long time..but if it’ll help improve the situation, you can happily explain your behaviour to the Police who have been called during this period.”

Well that was it, all wide eyed and tipsy she yanked Charlie away and stumbled off in a quick pace march to her fellow Karen troop who were waiting for her at the Entrance and they vanished super fast. Jack checked that I was ok and if I was good in closing up and everything to which I replied yeah and continued closing, the regulars wished me well and brought me in a box of Chocolates and a crate of Beer the following evening, we had that sort of relationship where we all knew what each other liked. I handed in my notice a few months after that because the money just wasn’t good enough and crap like that was becoming all too common, but this story always crops up every now and again during story time....Moral of the story: Don’t work in the hotel Industry!

Edit: I understand a few of you are a little sceptical that a 16 year old me was able to acquire beer..I don’t blame you! But for context I do look older than I actually am due to healthy facial hair and height, plus I would always have conversations to the late night regulars about my nights out at house parties for context! Sorry for the confusion! :)/nTL:DR: A friend and his mom were visiting me, so we decided to play some games. Meanwhile, EP stole our MacBooks and runs out the door calling the police.

(This is my first post, and english is NOT my first language. Sorry in advance)

EP: Entitled Parent Me: Me P: Police F: Friend

So F and I were hanging out, playing games on my PS4. I do video editing and photoshop for a living, so I have 3 MacBooks. (Not a r/humblebrag)

While playing, I notice that one of the MacBooks are missing. I open Find My Device and ring it. It was in EP's bag. EP runs to the MacBooks, and takes them. She takes the bag from me and shoves it in her bag.

I rush to my phone and call the non-emergency number. I tell them that EP has stolen 3 MacBooks and I tell them the license plate, etc. I chase her on foot, and she unfortunately got in her car. I use the GPS to locate them. 2 officers come to my location and I show them the GPS. They then ask me to come into their car and "chase" the EP. Eventually the EP goes to her house and goes inside. The police go in and do something (I wasn't inside)

She then comes out in handcuffs and the officers hand my MacBooks. She screams "HE STOLE THESE FROM ME! HE ALSO STOLE $1000!"

The police believed it and also questioned me for about half an hour. The police asked me to prove that I owned the MacBooks, which I did. He then asks the EP to prove I stole $1000, which she could not.

I was released and the officers asked me if I wanted to press charges. I said yes and I still don't know what is going to happen.

**Edit: Thanks a lot kind stranger for giving me Gold! I wish you weren't anonymous so I could give you a hug!**

**Edit 2: Thanks kind Redditor for the Silver! You're so kind :)** 

**Edit 3: Holy shit! Thanks a lot for the Platinum! I love you! I want to invite you to my Christmas dinner :)**/nNote:Mobile

Edit:Thank you so so much for silver and all the upvotes! Thank you all so much!

So to start off this story she's not my aunt but my best friend's aunt, I'm thankful for that. Her kids were quiet and very pleasant for 2-3 year old twins

Cast: 

Me,EP,BFF,FB (BFFs brother)

BFF's birthday is in the summer so whenever she has a party it's about 15 kids and 20 adults in a small one story house and I'm always invited. BFF's close family kinda hated me, probably because im not religious, so I just brushed off their glares and stay by FB during her parties. 

For some reason EP hated me most of all and would constantly tell me to sit down and "It's not your birthday get out of her way" whenever I even try to sit next to BFF. I wasn't even able to watch the cake ceremony until BFF insisted I got to stand next to her. The look on EPs face was priceless when I was in ALL the photos.

One birthday she brings homemade treats, that were honestly terrible homemade chocolate pops. She gave every kid one and surprisingly even me one, which I thanked her for. A little while later she came out of the parent meeting and started to yell at us

EP:You could have ASKED to eat those!

FB: But you gave them to us!

EP:I don't care! You're SUPPOSED to ask a adult to eat ANYTHING. You're going to teach my kids to eat whenever! 

She huffed and walked back to the other parents who just didn't give a doodle, we went back to eating the pops.

Later me and FB were assigned to watch the little kids who were happily watching Lion King. As soon as BFF sat down  next to us to eat some cake, EP creeped out to yell at us again

EP: It's a BEAUTIFUL day outside and you three should be outside and not on your phones!

(Mind you the "phones"were 3dS' and were sitting on the table)

We just ignored her. Then when it was time to play outside in the slip and slide I stayed inside with FB because we just didn't like slip and slides, BFF didn't mind because more water balloons for her.

EP came inside FUMING and gave us a glare strong enough to make any man go infertile

EP:WHY ARNT YOU TWO OUTSIDE?! YOURE MAKING BFF SAD

Me: We're not really kids anymore so we don't wan-

EP:YES YOU ARE. YOURE NOT 18 YET SO YOU HAVE TO GO OUTSIDE!! YOURE GONNA SHOW MY KIDS THAT BEIG LAZY IS OKAY

FB got mad and said he'll go to the bathroom and be right out, he went into the basement to hide.Then I sat outside next to BFFs mom helping her wash tomatoes. EP was glaring at me the whole time. I was just ungrounded after almost a year of grounding so I didn't want to go back so I stayed quiet.


When I came home my mom asked if I got into any trouble playfully and I told her about EP. My mom has been best friends with BFFs mom since they were kids

Mom:The one with glasses?

Me:Yeah

Mom:Oh she's kind of a bitch... 



Edit:For everyone asking why I was grounded-

 Two reasons:First is I got into a fight with the art teacher because she took my book I was reading (I was done with the project, it was drawing hands without looking at the paper-) got suspended

Then later that month I threw a piece of gum at a friend and he dodged so it hit a chair, I went to grab it and a girl said smugly "uHm yoU beTTer piCK that Up" so I threatened to stab her with a pen thengot suspended again

I was going through the 14 year old phase of thinking you're hot shit

/nOk so this was a while ago, probably like 4 years back, and it involved Me (M), my older brother (B), and my sister (S), my dog Rufus (D) (also RIP Rufus love ya bud), and EM. 

&#x200B;

So anyway the story revolves around D's size. He was a Saint Bernard, and if you don't know them, they get really big, really fast. He was around 2 years old at the time, and already 170 lbs.

&#x200B;

One day me and my siblings decide to go get some ice-cream at a store on the block behind our house. So we grab D and go. As we're leaving the store, ice cream digested, EM stops us. She's this weird looking blond lady in probably her mid fifties botoxed out of her mind pushing a stroller with like an infant or something i don't really remember. I don't think the kid ever really did anything. She asks about our dog, and we give her the usual schpeal, how big he is, how he's a really good dog, yes you can pet him, bla bla bla. But when B told her he was 2 years old, EM stopped.

&#x200B;

EM: Wait you're telling me D is 2 years old?!?

&#x200B;

B: Haha yeah he is, pretty wild

&#x200B;

EM: I don't believe you

&#x200B;

B: (thinking she was like joking) yeah I know! He's a Saint Bernard they get big fast.

&#x200B;

EM: (dead fucking serious) No I don't believe you.

&#x200B;

M: Cool! Well he is so idk what you want us to say.

&#x200B;

EM: (turning to my sister) Is D really 2?

&#x200B;

S: Yeah

&#x200B;

Now my sister is extremely shy, and at the time of this she was only like 9 years old. So when she spoke it was with a lot of hesitation and very quiet. So idk what clicked in this lady's brain but she must've thought my sister was like coerced to say that.

&#x200B;

EM: Wait do you know these boys?

&#x200B;

M: I'm sorry?

&#x200B;

EM: I'm NOT talking to you! Do you know these boys?

&#x200B;

S: Well yeah they're my brothers

&#x200B;

EM: I don't believe you. What are you doing with this little girl?

&#x200B;

Keep in mind I was 12 and B was like 13 so it was not at all unbelievable for us to have a 9 year old sister.

&#x200B;

M: What do you mean?

&#x200B;

At this point she is starting to get pretty aggressive, moving closer to us, and me being the most confrontational of the bunch, and the biggest, I was standing in the front while B was a bit to my side and S was pretty much cowering behind me. Oh and D was just ambling kinda standing there minding his own business.

&#x200B;

EM: This is a really sweet dog and a very sweet girl I don't know why they are with a bunch of liars. Now S you can come with your dog with me and we'll figure out what's really going on.

&#x200B;

She grabbed D's leash and yanked it out of my hands. D didn't really mind as he was pretty relaxed overall and was used to people and especially little kids doing all kinds of stuff to him.

&#x200B;

M: Hey give me my dog back!

&#x200B;

EM: I would if he was your dog but since you're lying about his age he clearly isn't yours and I'm an adult so I will take care of him now, he will come live with me and my baby. Also, I think I need to figure out what's going on with S since you are clearly forcing her to lie and I don't think she even is your sister. So S is coming with me.

&#x200B;

She grabbed S's arm, pretty hard mind you, and yanked her so hard she almost fell. Now D has been silent up until this point, and he is normally the sweetest dog you'll ever meet. But he was very protective. Now if you have never heard a 170 lb dog bark a mean bark before, picture the lion roar at the start of MGM movies, but even deeper. D let out the loudest, meanest bark I have ever heard him do, and it scared EM so much she dropped both the leash and S and almost fell over. I snatched up the leash as quickly as I could. D kept barking, and was pretty much raising hell. A few people came outside to look, and I think EM kinda understood her predicament. A dog standing in front of three young kids in a defense posture, barking, in front of a grown ass adult does not look very good for that adult. Someone even called out "hey leave those kids alone". EM grabbed the stroller, gave one last dirty look, and stomped off. D stopped barking, and for the rest of his life any time someone wanted to see D it was nothing short of a pleasant experience.

EDIT: https://imgur.com/a/S6wbwGo/nHey all so this is actually my mom's story, but its one of my favorites and I just found this sub.

Back in the 90s when I was a child, I had an insane passion for cats. Cat pillows, cat stuffed animals, cat figures, you name it. This new toy had come out called Kitty Kitty Kittens, where the stuffed cat made a purring sound when you moved them around. There were commercials, and I wanted one badly.

The local big box store was having a huge, October pre-Christmas sale on toys - so my mom and her friend decide they're going to go together to stock up for the kids. While there, my mom sees an entire row of Kitty Kitty Kittens, and scoops up one of every color for me to slowly pass out for the rest of the year, one per holiday. She says there were still plenty after she took one of each.

She picks up a couple more toys, but is now done and feeling pretty happy to have gift shopping done for the rest of the year to boot. Hours pass, her friend has three kids, and is still frantically pacing the isles looking for a specific toy. My mom is patiently waiting for her friend and leaning against her cart looking around when suddenly she hears the telltale purring sound.

She turns and finds the EM digging through the cart, several Kitty Kitty Kittens already in hand.

My Mom: EXCUSE ME? What are you doing? This is my cart.

EM: They're sold out now, and you have all of these. I have four kids and they each need one.

MyMom: Well I got here early, and I put these in my cart already. Snooze you loose. Put them back.

EM: (SHRIEKS) YOU HAVE SIX, I'M STILL LEAVING YOU TWOOOOO!!!

MyMom: You're leaving me SIX (grabs the Kitty Kitty Kittens from her and puts them back in her cart)

EM: (GRABBING ONTO MY MOM'S CART AND YANKING) WHY ARE YOU BEING SO SELFISH?!?! MY KIDS NEED THESE FOR CHRISTMAS.

MyMom: Because I'm planning ahead, and they're on sale! TOUGH SHIT FOR YOU. LET GO OF MY CART.

After a few more screeches from EM, and some cart tugging, my mom's friend rounds the corner and rushes over. EM didn't like the odds so she scurried off. And I eventually got all my Kitty Kitty Kittens, although Smokey was my favorite.

&#x200B;

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

UPDATE! Wow its so cool that so many other people remember these toys!  I asked my mom about the story again, just to see if she had any further details to share, and she relisted the events above, but mentioned that the EM continued to follow her around the store, talking loudly about her: "LOOOOK SOME PEOPLE ARE SO SELFISH," and the like. Yikes. 

Mom also told me that the doors opened for this sale at 5am, and she had been in line waiting to specifically get the Kitty Kitty Kittens for me. So she made a beeline for them and grabbed all the colors first. This EM didn't show up until a bit later in the morning. Which makes the SNOOZE YOU LOOSE comment make a bit more sense

I wish I had some Kitty Kitty Kitten family photos to show you, but they are all in storage at my parents house many states away, wrapped in plastic with my lion king action figures. And for those that asked, Smokey was the gray cat! He was the coolest by far. Thanks for the fun 90s memories guys! /n[Here's the original post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/coiicj/i_signed_a_one_year_lease_and_just_found_out_i/)

I finished my fifth drink almost an hour ago and was chilling out when the cops showed up. 

A police cruiser rolled up and parked a couple parking spots from me. The officer got out and looked around the neighborhood. The cop calls into his radio before approaching my porch. The officer talked to me, asked me what was going on and I explained. I gave him all my important info, showed him documents proving I lived there and generally stayed polite. After an explanation the officer was ready to let it go when EM came out of her house and approached the cop.

EM started talking to the cop and then started yelling. The cop, to his credit, held it together far more than I ever could. After lots of almost yelling he came back over to me.

"Do you want to file harassment charges?"

I told him I didn't because I don't have time for all that shit and he laughed.

The cop went back over to EM and told her that there was nothing he could do. EM continued to freak out as the cruiser drove off. 

I smiled smugly and inhaled from my cigar as EM got pissy and went home./nSo, this happened a few months ago when I went swimming with my family, and for the first time ever, I was able to see in the pool! I have pretty bad vision, and cannot see AT ALL without my glasses. My parents couldn't find anyone who was able to make swimming goggles in my prescription, but we finally found an online website where you can order custom goggles and OH MY GOD I was so happy when they arrived! I could not wait to try them out!

And of course, I saw a pool in person for the very first time. It was honestly a very emotional time for me. I was swimming around and NOT bumping into people like I used to haha. Splashing around and generally having a blast while being able to see the whole time! 

I swam over to the fountain machines, where bubbles were shooting out of the pool, and started to swim through the warm bubbly water, when a mother and a child came over towards my direction. I assumed they wanted to swim near the bubbles too, so I didn't think much of it... until she spoke.

&#x200B;

EP = Entitled Parent

&#x200B;

The EP spoke but I didn't hear her the first time, so I said "Sorry?" as a way to get her to repeat. She spoke louder the second time.

EP: Can we have your goggles please?

Me: Oh, no. These are my own prescription goggles. They sell others at the main entrance though.

&#x200B;

I pointed towards where they were selling all of the swimming equipment such as swimsuits, floats, etc.

&#x200B;

EP: We don't have any money left. My child needs goggles, and you're a good swimmer so you don't need them.

Me: I'm sorry, I can't give you these. Even if I wanted to. They're specially made.

EP: I don't care if they're designer, just let my kid use them please.

Me: No, they're specially made for my eyesight. Your kid can't have them.

&#x200B;

The EP grabbed my goggles and pulled them off of me, pulling some of my hair strands out with them and calling me selfish which she swam away. I was now completely exposed to blindness...

I could not see a thing. All I could see was blue and white, a few puddles of red here and there, but I was not able to move for fear of going over to a deeper area accidentally and not being able to find my way to a wall to support myself. I panicked and started to try and focus but got so pissed off at myself for having such fucked eyes. I started hating myself for being born this way and hating that woman for taking them. I would have chased after her if I could just SEE WHERE THE FUCK SHE WENT!

I started to cry, as my eyes are extremely sensitive to light and started to feel very hot, probably also from the chlorine that was now hitting my VERY SENSITIVE EYES!

What felt like an hour later, someone tapped me on the shoulder. "I'm so sorry about that. Here." A mans voice said and I felt him place my goggles into my hand. 

The man told me that the woman was his wife, and that she threw the goggles into the pool once she realised that they were basically impossible to see through. He was nice enough to guide me to the edge of the pool to sit down and offered me his towel to dry the inside of the goggles with. When I put them back on, I saw the man was wearing a lifeguard t-shirt. He saw the whole thing happen, and dove in to help me. 

He told me the his family gets to swim there for free, and over the months, that has made her wife thinks she owns the place, and treats people like garbage. I agreed with him there. He wouldn't stop apologising, and asked me if I was injured, which I replied with a polite "no"

&#x200B;

Honestly, I'm just so mad that the woman didn't even bother to give them back to me after she realised how useless they would be to her. 

&#x200B;

Anyway, thanks for reading :)/nTl;dr at the bottom.

EM: a typical Karen 

Me: yours truly

Let's get some important background info first! I am a manager at a certain fast food chain. The day that this happened, I was wearing a crew shirt over my manager uniform as I was doing some deep cleaning in the store (this is important, so dont forget). Originally, I was not scheduled to work that day, but offered to come in to help get ready for a visit from upper management. 

Ready? Let's start!

*EM walks into the store visibly angered*

Me: Hello! What can I do for you today?

EM: You idiots gave me five napkins instead of four! You guys are lazy and sloppy. 

Me: I am sorry that you received five napkins instead of four. The crew has been crazy busy tonight and have been getting out orders as quickly and accurately as they can. These things happen from time to time and I am sorry that you displeased with our service.

(At this point I was pissed, insulting the crew and being completely unreasonable over a single napkin wasn't very mature. However, i still stayed calm and didn't let her know I was frustrated.)

EM: I DEMAND A FULL REFUND AND A FREE MEAL RIGHT NOW!!

Me: ma'am I am afraid I can't do that as nothing of value has been lost. If you fill out the feedback section your receipt you can receive a discount on your next purchase.

EM: I WILL NOT HAVE IT! YOU LITTLE SH*TS GIVE FREE STUFF TO OTHER CUSTOMERS.

( I was boiling inside, at this point she was drawing attention and being a nuisance to all the other customers. But as before I showed no aggression)


Me: Ma'am I am really sorry but in those cases a customer was either overcharged, or a mistake on there food order had been made. 

EM: I'M DONE! DON'T GIVE A F*** WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY A$$HOLE, GET ME A MANAGER NOW!

(This was it! the best power move I'd ever make. Right in front of her I took off the crew shirt to reveal my manager shirt.)

Me: Hi, I am the manager. And like I said I will NOT give you a refund OR a free meal, especially after you berated my coworkers and me. I ask that if you are not going to purchase anything that you leave the store. Thank you, and have a nice day.

(The EM's face became pale and had a look of horror. Needless to say she quickly left the store. Never been back since.)




Well, that's it! I hope you enjoyed this as much as I did. Working in a line of foodservice can be tough and I'll always have respect for those who do it.



Tl;dr: EM wants refund and free meal because she received an extra napkin, berates me and my coworkers, then asks to speak to the manager. Turns out I'm the manager and she quickly leaves the store.

Edit: spelling mistakes
Edit 2: Yes, this really happened. If you don't want to believe it then don't, I have nothing to gain./nEP doesn’t know how free samples work

M is manager, EP is entitled parent

Sorry in advance for the length and possible formatting issues.
Reuploaded because I deleted the first post somehow. You know. Like a moron.


I’m a full time-student at a state university. To make extra money, I take classes in the afternoon and work mornings in a donut shop near my house. 

A few days ago, my manager and I were getting ready to open shop. I get there at around 5am and the store opens to the public at 5:30, so there is a solid 30 minutes of prep work (brewing coffee, organizing displays, etc.)
 

However, we typically don’t have customers until about 6am, which gives us a bit of window to finish up the less important of our opening tasks, such as (hint hint) preparing and setting out samples. 


For our samples, we usually take one of our “flavor of the day” donuts (i.e., a special flavor that we only have on that particular day of the week) cut it into bite sized chunks, and put them on a sample tray on the counter for customers to try. 


I am getting ready to do just that when a woman (late 20s, maybe early 30s) and her child (5 to 6ish) walk into the store at about 5:35 am.


Me and my manager share a quick look of mild surprise, as it is a bit unusual to see someone in here so early – especially with a child. To put it into perspective, typically the only people here this early are the occasional firemen, police officers, teachers, etc. 


Still, no biggie. Since I was already in the middle of something, my manager goes to greet them and take their order, and I get back to getting the samples ready. I take out a donut and set it on the display plate, only to realize I forgot a knife.


EP (who has been texting since she walked in and shows no sign of looking up, even to place her order), proceeds to get 9 DOZEN DONUTS (an order than by all means should have been called in ahead of time), and requires 3 of our largest boxes. 


Hearing this, I move the display tray to the side of the counter and behind the boxes of tissue paper we use to grab the donuts, as I don’t want it to get in the way of my manager while she boxes up the order. 


I then go back and grab a knife from the kitchen (a trip that took 15 seconds MAX) only to return to see the sample plate is empty. Confused, I look at the open boxes to see if perhaps my manager grabbed it while filling the order. Considering that the flavor of the day was red velvet, it was very easy to tell that it wasn’t there. I then turn to look over the counter, wondering if had somehow been knocked onto the floor. 


That’s when I notice EP’s child sitting in one of the armchairs in the corner of the eating area with what is, undoubtedly, the missing sample donut. 


Now, this probably pissed me off more than it should have. Hell, it still does. Since I’ve worked there a while, I’ve seen more than my fair share of EPs or large groups take more than one or even ALL of the samples for themselves, pretending they’re being sneaky or just not caring. It REALLY grinds my gears. But THIS was a level of blatant jack-assery that I couldn’t even fathom.


My manager, who is now taping up the boxes, must have noticed that I stopped moving. She glances at me, notices my now empty sample plate, then follows my gaze to the child in the corner.  She blinks a couple of times, clearly just as baffled as I was, and then turns to EP.

>M: 
>>
“Excuse me, ma’am? Did you take the donut that was sitting on this plate?”


>EP, still taking a second before finally bothering to look up from her phone: 
>>
“Yeah. Why?”


>M: 
>>
“…Ma’am, that was an entire donut.”


>EP, blinking at us with the worst expression of fake ignorance I’ve ever seen: 
>>“What? It was on a sample tray. I thought it was a free sample.”


>M, clearly annoyed: 
>>“Ma’am, taking that ‘sample’ required you to reach over the counter, take an entire donut from an unlabeled tray, and give it to your child while our backs were turned. I hardly think that situation implies typical sample rules.”


>EP, annoyed and obviously unapologetic:
>>“Well, it’s your own fault for leaving it there unattended. If you don’t want people thinking it’s a free sample, you shouldn’t have left it on that tray.”


At this point, it’s pretty clear that we aren’t going to get anywhere productive with this, and, frankly, one donut isn’t worth starting a ruckus over. I ring her up while my manager brings the boxes over, and the total is pretty hefty (well over $100, since she got some drinks as well). 


Now, on our cash registers you have to press a ‘subtotal’ button before it will display the amount owed on the customer’s side of the counter. Additionally, the credit card receipts aren’t itemized, and only display the total amount paid; not each individual item. We typically only print itemized receipts on request for card purchases. 


Wouldn’t you know it, this lady didn’t ask for an itemized receipt. So, it would have been VERY easy for the price of, say, one measly donut to have found its way into the total without anyone ever knowing… 


Very easy indeed.


P.S., to provide some clarification for some questions I've seen in the comments:

-The tray was sitting BEHIND the display area of the counter, on a small shelf that should only be accessible to workers

-Our sample tray is quite small, with the clear plastic dome serving as the only real indication that it is a sample tray. It is unlabeled, and I had just rinsed of the dome so it was sitting by the sink, so the argument that the donut was 'obviously a sample' was a stretch

-As much as I enjoy the comments about my valiant attempt at revenge/justice, the mathematic reality is a bit more sobering. I still felt morally obligated to count the donut to her rewards points, ultimately resulting in her receiving (surprise) a free donut. As such, there was no monetary loss on either side of the deal. In essence, the woman still got a free donut, while also allowing our records were still able to record a 'sale.' I seek to bring balance to the donut shop, not lead it into darkness!/nFirst time posting here and I'm on mobile, sorry.

Backstory: I have a rare disease called Ehlers Danlos. It makes it so all my joints can dislocate from the slightest movement and it causes chronic pain. Due to this I hhave a handicap placard for my car and tend to park in handicap parking, even when I dont use my cane or wheelchair.

I do not look disabled.

Me-me Em-entiteld mom

I was pulling into my local Walmart on a Saturday, that was the first mistake. It's when all the crazies come out. 

The parking lot was full, and I mean stuffed like seams are about to burst, full. So, I go looking for a parking spot.

I see one handicap spot open and pull into it not thinking much. I have my placard up. A lot of times people ask it why I park there orif the placards mine and I just shut them down once and they leave me alone, but no. This bitch had to be extra.

Em: That's my SPOT! (in a whiny voice you hear little kids use)
Me: I got here first, plus I need to be close to the store. 
I had just gotten out of my car and hadn't even closed the door yet.
Em: Get back in and move! Your not disabled so it is my spot! I saw it first!
She is screaming this from her car with her kids in it.
Me: No! I have the placard and I AM disabled.
Em: Your not old or *insert r word I refuse to use. So therefore not disabled!

She kept blocking me when I would try and get in the store.

Me: Listen lady! Want to see how disabled I can be? Watch this! 

I then show off my circus like tricks of dislocating my shoulders and wrists moving them around in unnatural ways.

Em: screaming. How dare you! You... you... freak!

All the while I continued walking closer to her car.

She drove away, scared out of her mind.

Dont mess with us 'freaks'

Edit: I am a woman. And I CAN self dislocate but it causes a lot of pain but I did it as I felt I had no other choice to get the EM to leave me alone./nEdit: This was falsely marked not real and I'm currently waiting on mods to respond to change the flair thingy back. I think people just just write fake in the comments and the sub auto marks it fake, whether or not the accusations are true. Either that or one of the mods marked it..
Update: Still marked falsely as fake even though many people have commented experiencing similar crazy things happening to them. Still pleading my case to the mods, no such luck. Please if any more people have similar experiences happen to them post below so the mods can see my story isn't fake! 
Update: A mod has now locked my thread...trying to see if I can get it unlocked. It's like a big ball of misunderstanding...

OK, I know this sounds insane but low and behold it happened to me. I'll give a little backstory so this makes more sense to people. 

I'm not sure how it is in other countries or even other states but I live in Idaho. And at least here most places won't let you donate blood or plasma if you have an autoimmune disease. I have JRA which is Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis(also known as Juvenile idiopathic arthritis) , and there's many things that make you ineligible to donate blood or plasma. One is the unknown nature of autoimmune diseases and using their blood could affect the person that gets them. Second is most JRA patients are anemic. Third is the medicine most autoimmune patients are on. So I've been told many times I can't donate blood or plasma, and also bone marrow.

So that being told, I normally avoid those like booths set up with all the plasma, blood, etc donating info and stuff. Because it's a bit of a hassle to explain, and it's a bit personal, I would rather not have my personal illnesses broadcasted to everyone within earshot.

Now this story starts when I was in my first semester at a community College. I was like 19, a bit late to go to college but I have alot of anxiety which prevented me from going right after graduating. Due to this I'm like extra quiet on the 'campus', I just get in and get out. There's usually a booth or two in the entry area or right outside occasionally. They range from like Costco to banks, just offering you like student discounts for stuff. And as per usual a blood bank/clinic booth pops up occasionally. Now, my tactic for avoiding getting up in conversation is usually A. Walk a completely different route that takes way longer but avoids this one person or B. Walk past while looking down or at my phone. Usually people ignore me but on this fateful day in the fall a very persistent lady was not going to late me just walk past. I will call her EB for Entilted BitchNugget, she was around my age maybe a tiny bit older. The conversation is a bit fuzzy as it was while ago:

Me: *accessing the situation, seeing the usual route to avoid is block. Sighs and tries to walk past quickly*

EB: Hey! Hey are you interested in *starts walking up to me* hearing about blood donation?

Me: *HUMAN INTERACTION PANIC PANIC* I-ah-um...not really?

Her face looked literally offended, mouth slightly agape like a fish.

EB: What?! How can you say no about learning about something like this?!

She was already loud to start with but raised her voice at this, making my social anxiety flare up.

Me: W-well I already know about it m-my dad donates all the time...

EB: If heeee(she actually drawled out the e on this) donates than why don't YOU?!

Me: *literally considers faking a heart attack or a fake phone call to get out of this* I-I can't.

I know I should've like explained more but I was so panicked by being pounced on by this girl that I just flubbered that out. With that I just hurried away and out the door. She called after me but I booked it, seeing my mom's car who had come to pick me up and hoped in. It's ends there right? NOPE. Not a entitled parents story without an entitled parent right? Well. There is one. Like a week or 2 later I had semi forgotten about the event with EB but I was still wary of booths. I didn't have classes this day but I needed to get a thing for a math class that I hadn't had the money for until now. As luck would have it my mom and I were babysitting my baby nephew so he came with me to my college. It wasn't a big deal, my plan was to push his stroller down this path on the river(edit: some people didn't believe that there was a river near campus so here you go- https://www.google.com/search?q=tvcc+caldwell&client=ms-android-verizon-sscr&prmd=nmsiv&source=lnms&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjS6uyo3erjAhW_HTQIHRafDf0Q_AUIESgA&biw=360&bih=612&dpr=3#imagekey=!1e10!2sAF1QipMaXQUBrRNSmTnvjiIcOjItwu06u2telTOE_fcH&lkt=LocalPoiPhotos&trex=m_t:lcl_akp,rc_f:nav,rc_ludocids:5982473084365274063,rc_q:Treasure%2520Valley%2520Community%2520College,ru_q:Treasure%2520Valley%2520Community%2520College&viewerState=lbnext) to the campus. My mom knew what I needed and was going to head in and get it for me, since she kindly offered to pay for it for me. No issue, she helped me get my nephew into the stroller and then we separated. I stayed nearby on the path that was literally right next to the building, just going in a loop. There was a event happening right by the school, with a bunch of...you guessed it BOOTHS. Low and behold what was there? A blood bank booth, I didn't see it, I was busy talking to my nephew as I pushed the stroller. Our peaceful walk was quickly interrupted when I heard a voice, the voice of EB.

EB: That's HER, the woman who REFUSES  to donate her blood.

I paused, kind of like wtf that person is loud. I  noticed the event happening and was like ehhhhhh this looks like it'll get loud-they were setting up a stage with stereos-so I turned around to head back to the car. When I turned I fucking saw her, and immediately I flashed back like oh fuck oh fuck it's her. Not just her though, I saw this woman and calling her a woman is a kind gesture. She looked like a fucking human sized gremlin with karen hair. Thinking, naively hopeful, that maybe she wasn't looking at me I started to walk back. No such luck, the EB and Gremlin blocked my path. Gremlin will be referred to as G.

EB: Yeah that's HER, the selfish woman I told you about!

Me: wat 0.0

G: So YOUUURRRRR the brag that doesn't think your blood is good enough for strangers?!

Me: ahhhhhhh wat?

G: My daughter told me about how you refused to learn about our blood bank! You think you're too good to donate?!

Me: *internally panicking* W-what?! N-no I told her I can't donate!

EB: That's a lie! She's just saying that! (bitch actually borderline whined)

Now I was so thrown off at this point that I missed G saying that EB was her daughter.

G: STOP lying! People like you are going to hell!

Me: I CAN'T donate! I-I have an autoimmune disease-

G: That doesn't stop you from donating! You're a pathological liar you probably don't even have a disease!

At this point my nephew was getting fussy and I was panicked. I didn't want to be anywhere near this lady anymore and I didn't want my nephew to start crying. So I attempted to start turning the stroller around, planning to take the long way back. G was having none of this, she stopped the stroller with her foot before seeming to realize that it was a stroller.

G: You have a baby?! Someone as selfish as you shouldn't have a child?!

I'm used to people thinking he's mine, usually calling me something like a slutty teen mom(Edit here: I live in IDAHO, not like picturesque Boise, like real Idaho where it's more rural and full of a ton of religious nuts. It's only ever the religious nuts that call me stuff like this when I'm out with my nephew). I just ignore it, don't bother correcting them and leave. In my mind I tried to think of another way to get around them, as I was thinking this FUCKING WOMAN REACHED DOWN TOWARDS MY NEPHEW WITH HER NASTY ASS GREMLIN HANDS. I fucking panicked, this was NOT my baby and I was not going to let him get hurt. In my panic I quickly turned the cart away, ending up running over G's foot that was blocking my cart. She let out the loudest most overdramatic screech.

EB: How DARE you assault my mother?!

At this point I made the connected that this psycho EB was related to the fucking gremlin.

Me: Your mom is fucking insane! I can't donate my blood so fuck off!

Whike she stood there doing a fucking mouth movement like a fish on land-like mouth slightly opening and closing, idk fish people will get it maybe-i turned fully to leave. G GRABBED my arm so fucking hard I cried out a little. Again I have JRA, and she grabbed right near my elbow so it hurt like hell.

G: YOU WILL DONATE YOUR BLOOD YOU LYING DEGENERANT SLUT!!!

She was red in the face like it look like she had attempted walking up some stairs kind of red. At this point her grip was so tight it was leaving marks. Luckily her screaming caught the attention of some like security guards that were walking past for the event. She was quickly pulled away from me, they had to PRY her hand off my arm becuase of how tightly she was holding me. In all the fuss my nephew starting crying and I didn't know how to calm him. I frantically called my no mom, telling her where I was and she was over there in a flash. I handed her my nephew and blubbered out what happened. After she was dragged away by the security they asked if I wanted to call the police to press charges. I was scared but said no, not wanting to deal with that. In the end she and the girl were banned from the college campus and the open area right next to it where the event had taken place. She and the daughter were told to leave me alone or else I could charge for harrassment.

I found out later from the blood bank that they worked for that they fired BOTH of them. Having had previous issues with them harassing people. Idk if this is really an Entilted parents story but I thought I sorta fits. Since she felt like I HAD to donate my blood. Idk hope you enjoyed it!

TLDR: Gremlin and Bitch Nugget want my blood.

Edit: She looked like a gremlin in the face but was HUGE. I realize calling her a gremlin might make her seem small, she wasn't, her size made her very intimidating as I'm 5'3(bordering on 5'2). Also adding that I meant she looks like a gremlin from that weird movie about them!/nThis all happened back in 2013 and I just came across this subreddit yesterday.

Me – Just a 20 year old punk

EM – Entitled Mother

FA – Really chill Flight Attendant

I had just got back from Afghanistan about a week ago and was heading home on my post-deployment leave to surprise my father. (He did not know I was back) When I got to the check-in counter the lady told me that my flight was delayed due to mechanical issues and that they were trying to find a new plane for the flight. (This is important later) 4 hours later I am boarding my flight.

Now the original plane did not have a first class row but the new plane did and no one was seated in them. As a veteran they allowed me and a few others to board the flight first. Once seated I put my headphones in and waited for the flight to depart. After the flight was loaded the flight attendant came on the speaker to tell everyone that the flight had the entire first class section open and that they would select seats at random to give people free upgrades for the flight.

This is where everyone started to ask for the upgrade, some even getting belligerent demanding an upgrade. I didn’t mind my seat and honestly did not expect to get selected for the upgrade. But as the lady was going around listening to people bugging her for an upgrade she came up to me:

FA – “Excuse me sir, would you like to be upgraded to first class?”

Me – “Really? That would be great. I’ve never sat in first-class before.”

FA – “Well it’s your lucky day! Grab your carry on and I’ll show you to your new seat.”

As I’m collecting my belongings the passenger behind my seat went hysterical.

EM – “What makes him so special that you gave him the upgrade?”

FA – “Ma’am, the selection was random and his seat was selected.”

EM – “That’s bullshit! He already got to enter the plane before me and my daughter even though I was Zone A. How much more does he need?”

FA – “Ma’am I’m sorry, it was random.”

Me – To the attendant “It’s okay, I can sit in my normal seat and she can have the upgrade.”

EM – “My daughter needs an upgrade too then. Just give her a random upgrade too.”

FA – “Ma’am the seats have already been selected, I can’t remove someone else for your daughter. You’ll have to stay in your seat.”

At this point the flight attendant took me to the first class seat and I sat down. She asked me if I wanted anything to drink and that everything was complimentary. So I ordered a beer and a bag of chips and put my headphones in to enjoy my one and only time in first class.

\--

Fast forward to being in the air. An hour has gone by and I’m asleep when I feel someone tapping me on the shoulder. I wake up and it’s the crazy passenger from before.

EM – “I’ll take your seat now.”

Me – “Ummm, well I’m already settled and the flight attendant already told you no.”

EM – “Okay, how about you get out of the seat right now. I’m a mother so give it to me.”

Me - I’m agitated at this point “With all due respect, no. I’m just going to stay here.”

After that EM leaves and I put my headphones back in. A few minutes later EM returns and pulls my headphones out of my head.

EM – “You’re going to give me the seat.” She then collects my phone and Kindle off of the tray and stands up.

Now I’m furious because she just yanked my headphone off and took my belongings, so I get the flight attendants attention and explain what’s going on.

FA – “Ma’am please return to your seat. I don’t want this to escalate any further.”

EM – “This is fucking ridiculous. Just cause he’s a soldier doesn’t mean he should get his dick sucked by everyone!” (I’m a Marine btw.)

EM then threw my belongings on my lap pretty hard, but I just sat there quietly until she went back to her seat. I apologized to the flight attendant for all the trouble and she told me situations like this is why they never really give free upgrades during a flight. The rest of the flight went normal and I was able to surprise my dad!

&#x200B;

EDIT: My cousin actually recorded me surprising my dad. One of the few times I've ever seen him cry./nBelieve this story or not the don’t care the only reason the made up story tag is on there is because so manny people call bullshit on this. Reader, plz don’t be like that






So for a bit of context I live on a relatively busy road near a big shopping centre. So there are lots of people around. I also am on mobile so hate me y’all or whatever. 

EP: extreme potato 
K: kiddo
P: person
Me: mindless entity
O: officer

So I was working in my garage sorting things out (with my dad) I look around randomly as you do when... 

Enter EP with a loud screech of tyres and a bang. 

EP: SHITTTT! (no joke she said that through her open car window)

So Ep has gone and smashed into 2 separate parked cars knocking one half onto the sidewalk and removing the side mirror. The other car suffered minor damage but who cares. At this point the Ep has gotten out of her car and is busily on the phone. (Strange that she dialled so quickly?) and checking our the damage on her car. It was a big four wheel drive so wasn’t damaged badly. After inspecting her car and ignoring her kid who she had in the back (about 3-4) she walks off to the cars she hit, seems normal right? WRONG, she proceeded to yell for the owners of the CRASHED CARS to come and apologise? Now these people are clearly not there and the Em is getting angry by the minute.

Enter p:

P: is there a problem?
Em: yes, is that your car?
P: no but you have left your kid in your ca..
Em: DONT YOU TELL ME HOW TO PARENT!!!
P: I said nothing like that.
Me: no he was just trying to help, stop yelling.
Em: shut up, I’m calling the cops.
Me and p exchange confused looks.
Fast forward a few minutes the cops actually arrive, surprisingly.

O: what seems to be the problem.
Em: these two crashed into my car and are refusing to give me their details.
Me: whaaa
P: wtf
EM: pay for my car, now
O: please give this lady your details.
Me: What???
Em: now!
Me: no, firstly you crashed into those cars and second, I am under a he age to legally drive.
O: um...
Em: arrest him for driving without a license!
Me: I was not driving!!!!
Em: hurry up my K needs to go to her swimming lessons.
Me: I don’t have a car!
Em: shut up you lying fat n*****!

Note: I’m skinny, and definitely not black. Though I have South American heritage.
O: lady stop screaming or I will arrest you for wasting police time.
Em: ...
(Officer turns to p and me) O: sorry about all this folks please go about your day.

At this point the Em is pale and scared. Then she does the stupidest thing.
Possible.

She runs.

Em was later arrested for resisting arrest and also for attempted fraud trying to get us to pay for her car. Of which I found out later was not hers as she was borrowing it and that it also wasn’t insured.  

To me this is just a new level of stupidity.

Also this is my first time posting so any advice is appreciated.



EDIT: I don’t understand why I must defend myself from redditors being idiots this story is 100% true so for all the people talking s***, fuck off. Go troll someone else. Also the tag saying it was made up makes no fucking sense, I didn’t put it there and I’m new so feel free to explain and in the meantime ignore it







Note: for all the great people giving me upvotes I can’t thank you enough./nTL;DR: title (:

**Backstory**:

When I was about 12-13 years old I lived on a military base with my dad and (ex)stepmom. She’s also an EM but I’ll get into that another time. Anyways, stepmom had become friends with another EM on our street, and they’d sit on one of their porches drinking wine and gossiping about the other adults or even kids on our street. Stepmom would often let EM come in and boss me and my siblings around, and it obviously annoyed the hell out of me. EM would also call the cops on me and my older sister (not stepmom’s kids), to the point to where the base police knew our names. She’s crazy! So when stepmom and dad finally split, I thought she wouldn’t come over and leave us alone. 

I was wrong.  

**Meet the cast**:

EM: crazy neighbor

F: my friend

Me: ya know, OP

So F had came over just because my dad was super chill with friends just coming in and hanging out. He was also at work during this situation. I was cooking some ramen (so gourmet I know) when all of a sudden I hear the screen door open (there’s the screen door and then the main door and the main door was already open). I look around the corner confused when EM stormed down the hall to the kitchen. This is what happens.

EM: Hey F, can I talk to you? (Completely ignores my presence)

F: Uh yeah sure Mrs. EM. 

EM then proceeds to just pull her around the corner and begins whispering to her. I, being the nosey one I am, eavesdropped.

EM: I don’t think you should hang out with OP, she’s bad bad news. Don’t you see her dyed hair? (My hair was blue at the time) And her piercings? (I had a nose piercing) She’ll corrupt you! She also bullies my blind daughter! (Which in reality she bullied me and I told her off finally) Why don’t you just come and hang out with her?

F: Mrs. EM, your daughter bullies OP and I all the time thou-

EM, very mad at this and is now yelling: MY DAUGHTER IS A SAINT! SHE CAN’T BULLY ANYONE SHE’S BLIND!

F: But that doesn’t mean-

EM: SEE! OP has made you THINK this because she HATES MY DAUGHTER!

At this point I step out from around the corner. 

Me: EM please leave my house. You shouldn’t have even walked in here in the first place without at LEAST knocking!

EM: Shut up brat! I’m not leaving until F realizes how shitty you are!

Me: Your daughter is way worse than me, but knowing who her mother is it makes sense why she’s the way she is. And by the way, didn’t your daughter dye her hair red yesterday? I don’t think F should hang with her. She just might corrupt F. 

EM: EXCUSE ME? How DARE you accuse my daughter of being that way!! I’m going to call base police right now and I will NOT LEAVE THIS DAMN HOUSE UNTIL THEY GET HERE!!

She then proceeds to pull out her phone, and F and I are just hysterically laughing. 

Me: EM you’re crazy. I’ll tell them that you trespassed. Maybe this time they’ll actually have a reason to come here. I suggest you leave now and not call them. 

EM: YOU LITTLE BITCH! I WILL NOT BE LEAVING UNTIL THEY GET HERE LIKE I SAID!! 

So base police show up, I explain everything, she gets arrested but only for a few hours (unfortunately). Dad finally comes home and I explain everything and he laughs. 

Not super crazy, but somewhat good ending!(:

Pt. 2 with this EM is up! (https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c59kbe/em_says_im_a_satanist_because_i_have_piercings/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/nI posted in r/childfree, but someone suggested I should post here too. 

I’ve never been so disgusted in my life. 

My aunt died suddenly today and I’m trying to fly an emergency flight home and My flight was cancelled. This bitch with a stroller is trying to cut in line while I’m trying to get new tickets. She’s in a hurry cause she’s about to miss family boarding for her ON TIME flight. I said “I’m sorry I was here first.” She starts to argue with me. And I said “I’m sorry my flight was just cancelled and someone in my family just died. I’m not in the mood.”  She seriously fucking says im traveling with a child. I snapped back “Your child is alive, someone in my family is DEAD!” She goes “you’re not the only one going through things, sorry you feel special” I said “sorry you feel special just because you have a child”  she finally goes I’m gonna let you go because you seem like you’re in a bad place. I looked her dead in the eye and said “yea, I AM!”

She then gets into an argument with me about how she was in line but she was off to the side. I said “so you weren’t in line?”. Then she had the nerve to tell me I don’t know how lines work. 

Unknowing of the situation, her husband comes up to me asking if they could cut cause they were about to miss the family boarding.  She says “don’t ask her!”  I snapped at him too./nI’m a lifeguard at a busy pool, so dealing with entitled parents is about half of my day.

Most entitled parents just don’t understand why their 2-3 year old child who can’t swim isn’t allowed to go down the slide and get caught in the wave pool or jump off the diving board into the 12 ft deep drowning area. I don’t mind dealing with those parents, I even smirk when they tell their kids the lifeguard won’t let them have any fun. But this lady wasn’t like the rest.

She was special.

First some context. There are ducks that hang out at the pool. They just wade around and leave  people alone and everyone enjoys having them there. Every summer the mama ducks have little baby ducks, and us lifeguards fucking love them. Every year we name all the ducklings and pay extra attention to the pool when they’re in it.

There are two rules regarding the ducks:
1. Don’t harass the ducks, it’s dickish 
2. Don’t touch or pick up the ducks. ESPECIALLY THE DUCKLINGS!!!

The reason for the second one is that if a mother duck thinks her baby is sick (usually because a person touched it) she’ll snap its neck. As I’ve said, we get very attached to the ducklings and had already lost two that summer. One was at the beginning of that day.

Now for the main event. The pool was about 10 minutes away from closing, and I was in the position that closes. There was maybe 10-12 people in the pool as things usually die down around that time. There was a mother in my area of the pool, wading around with her 4 and 2 year old sons. I’m watching them because they’re 25% of the people in the water, and 50% of the people in my area. The mom is playing with her kids when a mama duck followed by all of her baby ducks passes by them. The 4 year old starts trying to swim after the ducks, saying how he wants to catch them. The mom scoops him up and turns to me and asks “Can he chase the ducks?”

Me “No.”

The kid keeps paddling trying to reach them, and his little brother starts to do the same. The mom says “let’s go get the ducks” and starts following the ducklings. They’re right behind them and the 4 year old almost grabs a baby duck but just ends up splashing it.

I whistle “Don’t chase the ducks.” I’m slightly ticked off.

The mom ignores me and keep following the ducks, pushing her kids in front of her so they can reach the ducks better. The kid tries to grab one again. 

I whistle sharply “ Leave the ducks alone!”

The mom turns to me, point to herself and raises an eyebrow to ask if I’m talking to her.

“Yes you,” I answer. “Leave the ducks alone!” 

She turns around and keeps chasing the baby ducks. Smh my head. I’m mad. By this point the mama duck has figured out what is going on and guides her babies over the lane line into the swimming lane.

The lanes are for adult use only. Children can use them if they’re able to swim laps and have a wristband. There is no one in the lanes at the time so the ducks know they’ll be safe there.

This doesn’t stop the mom and her kids though. She is determined. She starts to lift up the lane line and push her kids through. I’m not sure how many of you know this but 4 and 2 year olds aren’t great at swimming laps. 

I whistle and I yell “ Get out of the lane line and STOP HARASSING THE DUCKS!!!” 

The mom turns around, glares at me, and goes under the lane line. She start moving her kids under the next one to reach the ducks. She was a peach. 

I had had it with her by that point and knew my boss loved the ducklings as much as I did, so I shot three fingers up, counted down, and closed the pool 10 minutes early just to get her and her kids out of the pool. 

Everyone got out and no one complained because they didn’t know what time we really close. The mom looked really pissed off that her kids didn’t get to drown a baby duck, but all my coworkers were grateful I closed early. I told my supervisor and they told me “Good job.”

The rest of the baby ducks survived the summer. /nSo... this weird thing happened just two days ago and i am still confused... I posted on this sub before with my own childhood stories a while ago but i think this time i met my first "real" entitled mom, oh my...

I was visiting a friend (and ex co-tenant) over the weekend. I know her from university and she now has two sons aged 4 and 6. The 6y/o has long wavy hair like his father (they are kinda a hippie family but not anti-vaxx or anything). So we were having cake and tea saturday afternoon at her place when we heard a quite loud banging on the door. Without hesitation my friend just yelled "Yeah come on in - the door is open!" as she must have expected either one of her own kids who were playing outside or some neighborhood children (this is pretty normal here in Switzerland that you don't lock your door especially in country villages). Instead it was the mother of a girl her older son goes to elementary school with - the EM of this story...

It started pretty 'normal' as the EM brought a stack of printed out "Lice Warning" leaflets and hands them to my friend and explains that there was a lice outbreak at the kindergarten & elementary school and some of the kindergarten children - including her daughter - were affected. My friend was thankful for the warning and tried to calm the EM down by offering her some cake & tea so the EM joined us. I don't have kids but i know that lice infestations happen, especially among small children, and that it's usually not a big deal. The affected kid just doesn't go to school/kindergarten until it's over (like 2-3 days) and there is a range of products to treat it. Also summer holidays already started so the risk of spreading was quite small. No biggie, we thought. 

Then EM goes on about how her daughter was affected so badly that she had to cut her long hair and that her daughter now is super sad and cries all day because of this. My friend tried to be nice and comforting telling her that it will grow back and that she is sure that her daughter looks beautiful with short hair etc. I decided not to get involved as this seemed to be a matter between two mothers and i felt a bit inappropriate so i kept silent while the conversation derailed....

EM: "yeah but isn't it weird that \[sons name\] now has longer and more beautiful hair than my GIRL?"

Friend: "Haha, oh well he started to grow it out a while ago because he likes the long hair of \[father's name\]."

EM: "But he looks like a girl and \[daughters name\] looks like a boy. Don't you think this could affect her?"

Friend; "Affect her how? Having short hair as a girl isn't uncommon and looks great and it's OK for boys to have long hair." She pointed to EM's head. EM has short hair too. 

EM: "Yeah but i am 40 and not a girl anymore. Girls have to have long beautiful hair and boys have to look like boys... If they don't they get all confused."

Friend & me: "Haha, what?"

EM: "So could you please give your son an appropriate haircut so \[daughters name\] doesn't feel so bad about having shorter hair than your BOY?"

Friend: "No i am not going to do that. He really wants to grow it out but who knows with children, right? This can change any time but i will not make him."

EM: "Well he sure will catch lice then i mean i am still surprised your dirty kids don't already have them. Then you WILL have to cut his hair."

Me, now feeling the need to defend my friend: "Hey! Now try to be nice. She told you she is not going to cut his hair so that's just it." i waved at the door.

Friend: "Yeah how about we all calm down now. EM, please leave now i think we don't have anything else to discuss. Thanks for the lice warning and tell your daughter she is beautiful."

Thankfully, EM left without making a ruckus. My friend now is a bit paranoid that EM will try to infect her boys with lice on purpose :/

&#x200B;

TLDR: EM's daughter got lice so EM cut daughters hair short. Visits mother of long haired boy to demand he get an 'appropriate' haircut because it could confuse her daughter's gender identity seeing a boy with longer hair..../nObligatory mobile. 
We’ll get to acronyms later. 

You’ve heard of entitled parents, how bout the entire famdamnly. 

This started a few years back, but has come to fruition here recently. Without going into my life story, the basics are, my grandmother had been sent to a nursing home, my grandfather lived home alone, I lived across town with my then pregnant wife(baby’s born now) and first child. 

My grandfather, being a stroke victim, had a little trouble getting around, but he could still do the basics, food, bathroom, etc. As he started to get older, these things got harder to manage. This is where the entitlement starts. 

EA=entitled aunt
OU=okay uncle
BU=better uncle 
EF=entitled father(my father)

As you can probably tell, my grandparents have 4 children, and they’re listed from eldest to youngest. OU and BU live ~30-45 minutes away. EA and EF live much closer, just outside of town limits and the next town over respectively. 

As my grandfather got to the state to where he needed help on a daily basis, I started getting phone calls on a daily basis. EF does not work, he’s been disabled for years due to a hip surgery. EA works for the school district. I am a truck driver. One of these has erratic and unpredictable hours and the others do not. 

I’m gonna get a bit graphic but not too much. 
Many a day after 10-12 hours on the road I would have to get home then immediately go across town to find my grandfather sitting in his... accident... from earlier that day. I was told that he called everyone else and he either got excuses or no answer. 

Making a long story longer, OU would show up and bring food every now and then, BU would visit every Thursday, still does. EF and EA wouldn’t show their faces unless there was a big hullabaloo, usually if they thought it involved me. 

This culminated in me, the wife, and kids, moving into his house, and after some time, he signed it into my name, because, in his words, I was the only one who gave a damn enough to come help him every day and he thought I deserved the house I basically grew up in. 

Cue EF and EA going berserk. EF has already ended up with the family farm so idk why he cared, but EA and her daughter had been the previous beneficiaries of the house were my grandparents to pass away. This resulted in many days of arguments, threats and all the other quintessential entitlement traits, simply because I had the GALL to take care of my grandfather (when the two that lived close enough could as well) and then accept the house that was “rightfully theirs” when they had done absolutely nothing to deserve it. 

Needless to say, I don’t talk to over half of my family anymore, including my own father, for this and other reasons. I know it’s not the most entertaining or outlandish, but I wanted to share.

TL:DR Slightly more than half my family won’t associate with me because my grandfather gave me his house as a thank you for taking care of him.


EDIT: Alright so a couple things. 
First. Thank you kind stranger for the Gold! It will be used wisely. 

And thanks to u/eriitolm for correcting my use of “queue”/nThis story is the story of a good friend's of mine grandfather, and how he dealt with his inheritance in a very unique way. He had 2 sons, and each of them also had 2 sons. In the last half year of his life, my friend and me visited him every morning and every evening. You see he did not want to go into a retirement home, and apart fro getting ready in the  morning and in the evening he did not really need help.

Now I need to explain something real quick. Back in the day we still have mandatory service in the army for 12 months, but there was several way around it. I will only explain the most common way, since it is connected to our story. You see instead of gong to the army, you could say you refuse to go to the army for ethical reasons (which was really just  a formality,  you simply wrote  a1 page essay why you think you being in the army would violate your personal ethics, and they pretty much had to accept it). BUT that meant you had to go into civil service. Civil service could be any kind of job  tat in a wider sense is  a service to society. So these jobs ranged from kindergarden to retirement homes and anything in between like hospitals, homes for the physically or mentally disabled, meals on wheels, pretty much anything you can imagine. You would be paid for that time the same amount of money you would get in the army, and had the right to certain perks like a free room, health insurance,m work clothes etc. the same stuff any soldier gets. Plus since soldiers get free food you either got free food or  a food allowance. I did my time in a retirement home, and it was an awesome experience. I think a job like that really widens your horizon as young arrogant shit, and really matures you and shows you what is actually important in life.

Back to the story. I was just done with my time in the retirement home, and for one year imply wanted to job around and make some money. Then one of my best friends comes to me and tells me he needs my help. His grandpa can no longer do everything by himself, but really only needs help in the morning to get ready and in the evening. Since I have learned how to do this from real professionals, he asks me to show him, so his grandpa does not yet have to go into  a retirement home (he later admitted grandpa said he would rather kill himself then get into a nursing home, and he seemed really serious about it. He did not tell me at the time since he did not want to pressure me into help like that, which I really appreciated).

He was one of my best friends,  and  I really liked his grandpa (when I was younger, I did not have  a grandpa, but we visited him all the time and I became his unofficial 5th grandson) so of course I said yes. The original plan was to show him for 2-3 weeks, and then observe him for another 2-3 weeks, then he would do it on his own. But we ended up doing it together for over half a year, then grandpa had a stroke and died within 2 days in the hospital.

2 days days later my friend asked me to come with him to the lawyer where the lst will would be spread. His grandfather had specifically asked that his will should be read the day before he gets burried, which is quite unusual, but not illegal as such. I asked why he anted me there, and he told me the lawyer had officially invited me, since grandpa had left me something as a thank you for my service. I was a bit embarrassed, but also happy that grandpa had thought so highly of  my service he even put me in his last will.

Now my friends dad is an entitled asshole and the same goes for his uncle. We arrived there, and went into the room. My friend is F, you get 3 guesses who ME is, entitled is ED an entitled uncle is EU.

ED (to me) : why the hell are you here ? I know that dad called you in jest his 5th grandkid, but this is for real family.

EU : I bet the little golddiger hoped he would get some money in the will.

Me : I was asked to be here by the lawyer, take it up with him  i have no idea why I am here.

ED : IF YOU PULLED SOMETHING TO GET TO HIS MONEY I WILL SUE YOU SO HARD EVEN YOUR KIDS WILL STILL NEED LAWYERS !!!!

F:  show some respect and stop shouting, i know you 2 did not really give a shit about your dad, but show at least a minimum of respect.

EU: HOW DARE YOU TALK LIKE THAT TO YOUR ELDERS YOU LITTLE SHIT.

F : you 2 get exactly as much respect from me as you showed your own father NONE.

He really shouted th4e last word, and it finally shut the  2 up.

WE sat down and still had to wait for the other 2 grand kids to arrive. The 2 sat right behind us, and what they talked about relay made my blood boil. Apparently the had both gotten new cars, new jewelry for the wife and had planned a huge holiday. All that was paid for by credit and they had planned to pay for it with the inheritance. None of then said even a word about missing him, being sad that he died, NOTHING. ONLY memememe and money, money , money. They seemed to be in competition who could spend the inheritance faster the way they planned away the money.

Then finally we where all there and the layer read out a short letter, what I tell you here is  a much shortened version, but the real thing was several pages. But it boils down to this :

IN recent years I more and more realized that some people in my family cared a lot  more about me then others. I am especially disappointed in my 2 sons, but I wanted to be really fair and not biased, so I came up with a point system :

letter/phonecall : 1 point + 1 extra if it is very long

Visit : 2 points per hour plus 1 point per hour of travel to me and back

Helping me out with something : 3 points per hour

This is the final result over the last 3 years of my life

ED : 8 points

EU : 10 points 

EUkid1: 150 points

EUkid2: 133 points

Fbrother : 288 points

F : 7341

Me : 5883

My lawyer has already liquidated most of my assets except the house. Once it is sold, the money will be divided by the points, so we know what each point is worth, and then every person gets a share of the money according to his points.

For about  a minute you could hear  a pin drop, then both ED and EU started shouting at the same time  that they knew we would have pulled something and this will would never stand. Of course they tried to sue (EU his kids and ED together), but they lost, and there was a secret clause in the will that if someone sue's against the will, he loses his share of the inheritance. 

It took nearly 3 years until all the lawsuits where over. I was blown away when we finally got the money, I a not naming  a sum, but it was way more then I felt comfortable accepting, so I wanted to give at least some of it to the other 3 grandkids, but my friend finally convinced me to accept by saying to me : you cared for  him when he needed you, without expecting anything for it, which makes you 10 times more his family then any of those fuckers. They got what they deserved./nHey, everybody! This is my first ever post, I'm kinda nervous. Please tell me if anything needs editing! (Also not sure if this doesn't belong in this Sub or another, so please tell me and I'll gladly delete/move it.)

Now, I was only 2-3 years old during these events. All accounts are second hand from my extremely supportive mother, She doesn't always understand my struggles, but she really tries and I love her for that.) and she never gave me a whole story so these are just little snippets from her experiences.

For some backstory: When I was two years old, I had begun to lose my ability to speak (My vocabulary became smaller and smaller until I was only able to say certain colors. IDK why but basically I was only able to say stuff like "Red", "Purple", "Brown", etc., etc.) and began to experience seizures (I only had two and none of them caused any serious damage, I was put on meds that really helped.) along with other odd symptoms. And my mom of course became concerned and took me to a myriad of doctors, got me tested for a large number of diseases and disorders. These tests included Fragile X, which can actually cause symptoms akin to Autism, but no dice. One doctor just told my mom I was r\*\*\*\*\*ed (It was slllllightly more acceptable in the early 2000s as a medical term, it still wasn't a great thing to hear and as far as I'm aware was more of a "yeah we don't know what tf is wrong with your kid so we'll call it that.")

Until I was tested for Autism and it proved positive! Now, one may think, yay! A diagnosis! You can start treatment and everything will get better! And... that's half right. This diagnosis led not only to helpful treatments, but also to doubt and stigma that would follow me for the rest of my life.

THIS is where I believe the Entitlement begun.

As I was taken in for speech therapy, and taught sign language to use until I was able to talk again, my mom was referred to a support group for parents of Autistic children. This is a list of some of things my mom was told from the other mothers in the group.

"But girls can't be Autistic! It's a boy's disease!" (It's a developmental disorder, not a disease, dumbass. It's not contagious.)

"She's like that because you're abusing her!" (NOT TRUE! I'm what's known as a "Rainbow Baby", or a baby born after a miscarriage. She had two miscarriages before I came along and basically considered me a miracle. She always tells me she loves the shit out of me and payed so much for good therapy despite not being very wealthy)

"You're faking it/making her fake just so you can get attention!" (Sure, my mom's pouring thousands into medication and therapy for "attention")

"She's just a R\*\*\*\*\*" (Once again, not fucking okay.)

"She's just Socially Awkward" (...)

At the same time, these HORRIBLE mothers did almost nothing but complain about their sons, even though in their stories they were just about always their fault. They would say stuff like;

"I screamed at my son for doing (thing) and he locked himself in his room and had a meltdown for an hour. (DO NOT scream/yell at us. Most of us are very sensitive to sound. I still have to cover my ears whenever we open the garage door, loud/sudden sounds can and will cause us PHYSICAL PAIN.)

"My son was doing (totally harmless stim activity) and I had to yank his hand away to stop him. He shouldn't be doing that in public." (Unless the stimming can result in bodily harm, it should not be stopped as it's a good way for us to cope or express ourselves.)

"We went on a trip without telling our son where we were going and he FREAKED OUT and ruined it for everyone." (Tell your kids where you're going. Surprise trips can cause a great amount of anxiety and it leaves us unable to prepare for any sensory issues that may occur. Going to a crowded/loud place? Either tell your kid where you're going and allow or help them to properly prepare or just don't go. You can probably get away with surprise trips if it's somewhere quiet or has something to do with a hobby or special interest of theirs, but it's still best to still tell them just in case.)

My mom quit that group fast. She moved on to do her own research and to support me the best she could. At the age of ten I was officially pulled out of speech therapy, and had been off of medication for years at that point. It's at the point where when I tell people I'm autistic, they don't believe me or say they didn't even notice (I don't like it when people say this, and I definitely don't take it as a compliment but I understand where they're coming from.) She did so well with me that many family friends and acquaintances asked her for advice, and they moved on to refer other families to her. She told me in my Junior year that to this day she still gets calls from parents asking for advice and help in raising their Autistic children.

&#x200B;

Edit!: So I've seen a lot of questions regarding the "You aren't Autistic!/You don't seem autistic." subject. I want everyone to know that reactions to that will vary! It all depends on context, tone, and how the person feels about it. We usually see these phrases as meaning "You worked so hard to get where you are today and that's great!" or "You don't act like the 'typical autistic' so I don't think you are." to the extreme "You spent years changing your entire being so you can fit what society deems 'normal' and I'm glad you did because autistic people bother me." 

Also, thank you so much for the silver, gold and premium! I never thought that this post would get so much support!/nThis happened to a good friend of mine back in middle school and it struck me that it would fit this sub well. 

We will call my friend “Habeebti” (feminine form of the Arabic word for “sweetie” because she’s such a sweet girl); entitled jerk will be “Jerk”; and of course the entitled mom will be “Karen” per tradition. 

In eight grade, Habeebti decided to wear hijab. At a school in which she was now the only hijabi, this drew attention. Some people were so nice about it and told her how lovely and pretty her hijabs looked on her. But others were nasty and Islamophobic. Habeebti took everything in stride and treated everyone with kindness regardless. 

For me, eighth grade was the year of the 2008 election. American history was the social studies course for eighth grade, so a lot of the election was discussed in class. Habeebti and I were both in the “honors” class, and unfortunately, so was Jerk. Jerk was very outspoken in class, and I must say his commitment to his political cause was admirable (in ways) even though his views were polar opposite mine. One view in particular was his anti-Muslim stance. He would make despicable comments, such as “all Muslims are terrorists” and other predictably Islamophobic rhetoric. And he would always stare daggers at Habeebti when he made those comments. 

I don’t think he even knew Habeebti was a Muslim until she put on hijab. Once she did, he targeted her a lot. He would harass her in class. He would ask her if she was hiding a bomb in her hijab. He would cup his hands around his mouth and go “JIIIIIHAAAAAAAAD!!!!” when she walked into class. On the anniversary of 9/11, he was talking about how Habeebti was going to celebrate it. I remember him saying “you love bin Laden” and things of that nature. 

During lunch, Habeebti was allowed to be excused to pray zuhr. Jerk would mock her for it.

Habeebti never took it to heart. She never even harbored resentment. She treated Jerk with the same kindness she showed to everyone else. 

One day, Jerk went too far. He wound up walking behind Habeebti in the hallway and suddenly pulled her hijab off. Habeebti was wearing a hijab cap underneath and Jerk was not successful at fully pulling the hijab off since she had it wrapped and pinned well. But the act was UNACCEPTABLE. Habeebti screamed. I was at my locker probably 10 yards away and while I didn’t see it happen, I turned and saw Habeebti scrambling to cover and Jerk laughing and running off, making celebratory whoops. 

Habeebti was in tears. I was furious. (This next part I wasn’t present for but Habeebti filled me in on the whole story.) Habeebti went to the office directly and reported what had happened. Jerk was summoned to the office immediately and his mother was called. She showed up at the school a bit later. And of course, her reaction to her son being in trouble was of the typical Entitled Mother nature. 

The principal explained what had occurred and that Jerk would be receiving a suspension because his actions were discriminatory and hateful, which was NOT tolerated in the slightest. 

I was obviously not present for the conversation so I’m not going to make something up, but I remember the main points of it. 

Karen was furious that her son was in trouble and was yelling viciously at the principal. She defended her son’s actions. She cited “freedom of speech” which is one of the most infuriatingly ridiculous things I’ve personally ever heard. She even went as far as saying that HER SON was the person experiencing discrimination since he was a conservative and bitterly spat about the school having a liberal bias. She was threatening to tell the newspapers that her son was being punished for doing nothing wrong and blah blah blah.

The principal gave Habeebti a chance to tell her account of what was done to her by Jerk throughout the year. She even tried to explain why hijab was important to her and how it would be like someone pulling down Jerk’s pants—how would HE like that? 

Both Jerk and his mom were glaring at her the whole time. Jerk called himself a hero and said he was fighting terrorism. Karen said something to the effect of “you should be thanking him for standing up for America.” 

Of course the principal was having none of it and the punishment was firm. And if he was found harassing Habeebti again, he would face expulsion, 

This put Jerk and Karen over the edge and both of them started verbally attacking Habeebti with slurs and telling her to go back to Afghanistan and live in a cave with “your leader” (referring to bin Laden). The principal had had enough. He told Karen to leave at once or he was calling the authorities to report her for hate and for harassing a minor. 

After that, Jerk backed down a little, but still made comments. 

Habeebti has proudly worn hijab ever since, and has always exemplified what a true Muslim is. She has done more charity work and service to the community than anyone I know and graduated from a top university and is now a medical student with hopes to do medical mission work abroad. 

/nSo, picture this: it’s thanksgiving, and you’re relaxing in your room alone cause you don’t really know most of the relatives visiting you anyway. All of a sudden, Snow White and the seven little shits break into your room.

They all make a beeline to your most expensive stuff, because why not? A Wii, an Xbox, and several expensive guitars are now in the hands of snotty toddlers, which wouldn’t be too bad if they even knew how to use the damn things. Instead, you’ve got kids pulling your game consoles out of the shelves with no regard for any cords and you’ve got kids furiously strumming like hell on your guitars (one of the strings even popped) before eventually trying to beat eachother over the head with them. I’ve been yelling at them this whole time, but as soon as I see that last part, I snatch a $300 guitar out of the kid’s hand and ask him what the hell he thinks he’s doing.

Then he starts to bawl. And good god, was it loud.

*Enter entitled parent, act II, Scene I*

“What’d ya do to make my lil boogums cry?”

“He was about to yeet the heck out of my guitar and crack that kid’s head with it”

I’m guessing she went completely deaf from her own kid’s crying, because she doesn’t seem to have heard that last bit. Instead she goes on about how I should let her kid play with and break my stuff, because kids will be kids.

I try to explain to her that these aren’t toys, and try to explain how hard I worked to be able to buy them. Again, she’s completely deaf to it, and literally tells me it’s not her kid’s problem. Before leaving.

*Exit entitled parent, act III, Scene I*

So I did what any sensible person would do: I crowded all my stuff on by bed and sat next to it, guarding my newfound fortress with a BB gun (which was, unbeknownst to them, completely empty) and a rolled-up poster for the rest of the night. The end, Thank you for coming to my TED Talk./nThis happened about two years ago.

&#x200B;

Entitled Kid: EK, ME, Ref, Entitled Kids Mom:EKM, EK Friends

&#x200B;

I run an after school program for high schoolers. The idea is to create a safe space for them to do homework or hangout. We host various programs that help with leadership building, utilizing mentorship, community outreach and more. Within that program, I also created a leadership team that was made up of graduates whom wanted to give back to the community. As a way to show my gratitude for their assistance, I would treat these guys to different events, activities and restaurants around town. This situation happened at a trampoline park.

&#x200B;

We had just arrived and the place was fairly empty. It was pretty awesome, as there was a foam pit, basketball rim, dodge ball court and trampolines scattered about. We signed off the safety waivers and went in. In all honesty, this shits hard and after about five minutes my old ass was ready to leave. But the guys were having a blast. One of my students ended up organizing a dodgeball game with some of the middle schoolers there. So I joined in, and everyone was having a good time until EK showed.

&#x200B;

EK was this small light skinned, red hair boy, around 11 or so. He came in with a group of  friends. When he joined he kept getting into peoples faces, throwing the balls at super close distances, and just being an overall jerk. Meanwhile i was in the corner, mostly leaning on the foam wall and throwing anything that came my way. I was off to the side when I saw someone suddenly nailed EK with a ball, right in the noggin to which I responded by pointing and laughing. Suddenly this kid turned, and GLARED at me. I saw he was miffed and I brought my laugh down to a chuckle. Then he darted off.

&#x200B;

About ten minutes later one of the refs came. I had spoken to the guy earlier about the program and such, so he calmly pulled me aside:

Ref: So, that kid told his mom that you beat him.

Me: What?

Ref: He's saying you hit him, and the mom is on the phone with the police.

Me: Ooohkay. Shit. Thanks for the tip.

So, for reference, I'm a tall, large bearded man. And I know too well how easy it is to get the raw end of the stick for bullshit accusations. So this causes me to get a bit of an anxiety rush. With the ref's help I quickly make my way to the mother, all the while I'm trying to figure out how the hell I'm going to explain it. Even though I assumed there were cameras, it's still a bitch of a situation.

Me: Excuse miss, apparently there seems to be some sort of misunderstanding?

EKM: Yes, apparently you hit my son! What is a grown man doing playing on trampolines?

Me: No, I didn't. In fact I wasn't near your son he was messing about with other kids. I'm actually here with my students, its part of a church program.

EKM: \*Pauses\* Looks at her son, whose pissed and looks back at me. She then hangs up the phone.

Okay, we'll figure this out.

She quickly gets up and walks to the back, while calling all of EK friends.

They come over and she asks them:

EKM: Was this the person bullying EK?

The friends look at me, and get this WTF look at there faces.

EK Friends: NO. It was someone else, he was in the corner. Yea, he wasn't doing anything, it was someon--

EK: NO IT WAS HIM, HE DID IT THEY'RE LYING. HE'S THE O-

EK Friends: NO it wasn't, he didn't do anything. Yea, it was another group of kids.

After that, EK darted off. His mom's face got red and she sort of brushed me off, I guess coming to terms that her son is a little shit. Everything got cleared up and I went back with my students. A little while later, the mom walked passed me and sort of apologized for his behavior.

Unfortunately, that little issue gave me some anxiety, and I put off planning another event for a bit. I'm just glad I spoke to the ref a bit before everything went down. Cause if he didn't tip me off, that whole thing would of been a shitfest.

TLDR: Treated some students to trampoline park. Students organized dodge ball game. Pegged kid gets laughed at. Tells mom I bullied him. Catch mom in the process of talking to police. She speaks to friends to see if I was indeed bullying, to which they free me of blame. EK runs away and mom sort of apologizes.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Woah! Sorry about the delay I don't reddit that often haha! Thanks for the love, much appreciated. /nYesterday I was in Zürich Airport waiting for my gate to show and there was two German Dudes sitting next to me speaking German (Duh) and I notice a Karen with three Crotch-Goblins who were watching some movie (Thank god with Headphones) . She is violently American and a land whale. Then she notices the two dudes:
We already know the initial s

EP: Excuse me! 
D1: Ja? (Yes?)
EP: Stop it! Speak American!
D2: He doesn’t speak English, I do. Is there a problem?
EP : Yes! Stop speaking Nazi Language (She actually called it that) 
D2: Ma’am -
EP: Stop it!  You’re in America so speak American! (?????)
D1 (To D2) : Warum ist die Frau böse (Why is the woman angry?)
To this EP screeches, calls security and tries to get the two guys arrested for speaking”Nazi Language “ while a security guard and D2 looked at her (like the Monsters inc meme). SG tried to explain to her that this is Switzerland and German isn’t Illegal to which she grabs her kids (who had been watching a movie the entire time, her luggage and a RANDOM PERSON S BAG. Needless to say a chase , bag given back and EP taken away. 

The whole time  I was sitting there eating Burger King chicken nuggets./nUPDATE AT END

I work in a car dealership, and have recently been promoted from “move them to whatever department they’re needed in that day” to full-time salesman. We constantly have to tell people that certain vehicles haven’t been released yet, or that they don’t even exist.

Today a woman and her 20-something son came in and walked right up to me, and immediately started barking orders.

EM: Entitled mother
S: Son
M: Me
SM: Service Manager

EM: Pull up the 2021 F-150 Titanium. Red. Leather.

M: I’m sorry ma’am the 2021 Isn’t going to be released for a while. We do have some 2019 F-150’s here that you can take a look at.

EM: What do you mean you don’t have them in? I saw online that they are on sale!

M: They aren’t released yet ma’am. If you are set on the 2021 though I can set an email notification that will let you know the second we get them on our lot.

S: My friend drives a 2019 so I need a 2021!

M: The 2019 is definitely a good one. It’s a popular choice among young men. And has a good towing capacity as well!

S: You have 2020’s out for other cars why don’t you have a 2021?

M: We usually release vehicles for the corresponding year. Our designers take the time to make sure everything is just right and perfect for our customers.

EM: Don’t fucking lie to me! I have read the articles on how you hide the new releases in the back and fuck around with them. Then you take your sweet ass time milking money out of us with the old ones!

M: I promise you that is not the case. We usually learn from the same sources that you do when everything will be officially released.

EM: I need to think this over. Where is your restroom?

I point her to the restroom, and she takes her son along. I spend the next minute or so logging the conversation. Suddenly, I hear one of our service techs over the PA.

“CAN WE HAVE A SALESMAN COME TO THE SHOP IMMEDIATELY.”

It takes a second to register, but I soon realize what has happened. Our restroom is located in the same hallway as the door to the shop, which is labeled with a big sign saying employees only. I sprint to the shop, only to see EM walking around screaming at the techs to tell her where we hide the trucks, while S is chilling by the door. The techs have no idea how to respond, and are doing their best to keep her away from the vehicles that are being worked on.

I run over to her and start to panic thinking that she might get hurt. After all, we were surrounded by heavy machinery and she was strutting around like she was on the sales floor.

M: Ma’am please come back up to the sales floor. It’s very dangerous back here.

EM: We pay our tax dollars to fund this! I have more rights here than you do!

M: Ma’am please listen to me. I need you to come back up front.

EM: Why? Because you’re scared I’ll expose your lies?!

At this point the service manager had made his way into the back. He is a no-nonsense kind of guy, and looked like he was about to drag her out by her collar.

SM: Ma’am customers are not allowed back here. I need you to follow your sales associate up front or I will have to inform the police. You are trespassing.

EM: And who the fuck do you think you are?

SM: I am the service manager. It’s my responsibility to ensure that our employees work in a distraction free environment. And you screaming is a definite distraction.

EM: Then tell me where the 2021 F-150’s are!

SM: They are not out yet. Please go up front or I will have you removed by the police.

EM: How about you fuck off and stop lying! I’m not stupid!

EM then tries to walk past him only for him to step in front of her.

SM: This is your last warning ma’am. Go back up front or I am calling the police.

EM: You would lose a sale because you won’t admit your wrong?

SM pulls out his phone and dials 911, as he begins talking to the operator EM runs back up front, S trailing behind. They get in their car and drive off, scraping another customer’s car in the process. I thank SM for saving my butt and decide to take an early lunch to calm down, knowing I have to file a heat case report once I get back.

So far we haven’t heard anything from her, and hopefully we don’t get any complaints. But we’ll just have to see.

TLDR: EM demands a truck that isn’t released yet, and thinks we hide them in the back. Sneaks off to the shop and tries to find it, screaming at the techs, only leaving when a manager threatens to call the police.

UPDATE: We managed to get her license from the security cameras. Police set out a warrant. We also learned that she went to both of our sister stores and tried to pull the same thing, but they caught her sneaking around before she could get to the back. GM is currently trying to press charges for trespassing and hit and run. It’s officially out of my hands./nLittle backstory here: I'm 14 and a lesbian, me and my girlfriend enjoy going to the park however we don't really do PDA.

EM= Entitled Mother

EB= Entitled brat

&#x200B;

Me and my girlfriend...lets call her Rainy, were walking through the park just talking and looking at memes. We were holding hands and were about to leave when i spot a kid (EB) walk up to us, EB says "why are you holding hands? Is she your girlfriend?" this kid is about 8 and me being a babysitter know that kids can be curious.

Me: "yes, she is my girlfriend!"

EB: "so are you a boy?"

Me: "uh...no, we just love each other! like your mom and dad probably do!"

&#x200B;

at this point EM comes up behind EB

EB: "Mommy, why are these girls in love? I thought you said it was wrong"

EM: \*looks at me and Rainy\* "No sweetie, they are just friends!!!"

EB: \*points at me\* " but she said that shes a girl and thats her girlfriend"

EM: \*looks at me with rage\* "HOW DARE YOU HOLD HANDS AND CONFUSE MY SON LIKE THAT! NOW HE IS GOING TO THINK THAT HOMOSEXUALITY IS OKAY!"

&#x200B;

At this point Rainy and I are stunned, I look at Rainy "c'mon babe lets go" I say as I turn to leave

&#x200B;

EM: \*Grabs my hand\*

Me: "Please don't touch me"

EM: "APOLOGISE TO MY SON THIS INSTANT!"

Me: \*tugs away from this crazy lady\* "Ma'm I'm sorry you think I need to apologise for being gay, but please do not touch me i don't like it."

Rainy then begins walking away still holding my hand, I feel a hand grab at my hair

Rainy: \*looks at EM\* "Get your hands off of my girlfriend and leave us alone. Do I need to call the police?"

EM: "How dare you speak to me that way! You \*Very homophobic slur\* you are going to hell!"

Rainy: "as long as I'm away from you i don't care!"

By this point one of my friends spots me and Rainy and walks over

Friend: "Noise (me) is everything okay?"

me: "yeah we were just leaving"

EM: "THATS NOT TRUE! SHE ASSAULTED MY SON!"

Me: "what the fuck lady, i don't even know who you are"

EM: \*raises her hand to hit me\*

Friend: \*restrains her\*

EB: \*at this point he's crying\*

Rainy pulls out her phone and threatens to call the police, when EM and EB see this they take off running.

&#x200B;

I haven't seen EM or EB again however now me and Rainy avoid holding hands or hugging near children just in case

&#x200B;

\*EDIT\*  Holy shit 2K upvotes!!! <3

also thanks for all the kind messages, and yes...i should have given her some bitch lasagne

&#x200B;

\*EDIT 2\* No, this isn't fake, where I live isn't the best place. I have quite a few friends and the friend that was there visits the park often, I understand it looks scripted but this was a few months ago. I can't remember word for word (as i have bad a memory) so I asked my gf what she remembers and I put this post together. We didn't call the police because again where I live isn't a nice place and I wasn't about to get this mom into trouble for assault charges in front of her kid. SPEAKING OF! the kid is an EB! He has taken some of the other kids toys a few times and his mother (EM) ENCOURAGES it and even acts like the toys are her sons even though they clearly aren't. I hope this cleared up the post a little! I was in a rush to post it as I had stuff I needed to do and once i saw all of the comments I decided to edit the post. Thanks for reading <3

&#x200B;

\*EDIT 3\* 3 SILVERS AND A PLATINUM?! HOLY SHIT YOU GUYS ARE AMAZING <3333 /nMy mom and my Nan told me this a while ago and I just remembered it after posting another tale about my youth involving said birthmark. It's shaped [like a love heart](https://www.reddit.com/user/Kosa_Twilight/comments/b8ec99/my_birthmark/), and it was so clear that it looked like a stamp until I was 11 where is has faded. The link is a photo if anyone is interested.

&#x200B;

I was barely 5 months old and was sitting on my mother's lap while waiting for my turn in the hospital. I have a thyroid condition requiring a blood test per year. My Nan said that I was getting irritated being stuck on my 17 year old mother's lap. Yeah, my mom was young, but she's done a pretty good job raising me.

&#x200B;

My mom sat me down with some other babies. I was playing with some wooden blocks and I was sitting on my own. I have Autism, hence the avoidance of other human beings. Mom says that there was a girl that was a bit too old to be with the babies and was drinking milk. She dropped the milk right on me, ruining the bumblebee shirt I was wearing.

&#x200B;

My mom took me and had to take my shirt off because it was soaked. It exposed my birthmark with was darker than it is now, and I've always had pale skin, so it sticks out like a tail would. I'm being fussy as my mom cleans me, and there is a woman glaring daggers at my mom and my Nan. Her husband is busy with their son who is crying because I'm crying.

&#x200B;

I'll call the lady, Ella. 

&#x200B;

**Ella: "Excuse me!"** Nan says she sounded like a dolphin. 

**Nan: "I'm sorry, OP will calm down soon."** My mom is very anxious as she's still a very new mom and hasn't met my second mom yet. They aren't in a relationship anymore, they've been almost sisters since I was 4, but she's still a mom to me.

**Ella: "Why have you tattooed her back? That's disgusting. No wonder she's crying so much!"**

**Nan: "Tattoo?"** My Nan looks at my back and sees the love heart. **"No, that's her birthmark. It looks weird, I know, but it's not a tattoo."**

**Ella: "Of course it's a tattoo. No baby has a birthmark like that!"** Other parents are looking at her, including her husband. "You're a horrible mother to do that to your baby!"

**Nan: "No, she's my granddaughter."** My mom is close to crying from the embarrassment. I've stopped crying and is looking at the woman as she makes a gasp that sounds like she's choking to death. Nan's words, not mine. **"If you say a word about my daughter, I will take a chair leg and shove it so far up your rear that you'll be mistaken for a Unicorn."** 

&#x200B;

The woman acted like she had been slapped. When a Nurse came in, she was pulled by Ella and Nan overheard her saying that my Nan was abusing me and my mom. The Nurse looked at us and saw that we had clearly been crying while my Nan was visibly furious. Thankfully, her husband had some semblance of sanity in him.

&#x200B;

**Ella's husband: "My wife thinks that the young lady has tattooed her granddaughter's back."**

**Ella: "There is no way that is a birthmark!"**

**Nurse: "Can you prove that it isn't a tattoo?"** She's looking at my back strangely.

**Mom: "I wouldn't tattoo my baby!"** My mom finally speaks up. **"I chose to keep her, I wouldn't do anything that'd take her away!"**

**Nan: "I'd like to speak to someone over these false accusations."** Interestingly, my nan is called Karen. Even non-entitled ones say that line.

&#x200B;

The Nurse looked conflicted. She was facing an increasingly upset Grandmother and a snobbish mother who was possibly genuinely concerned for my well being. She called my doctor to stop what he was doing to come in the waiting room. That sounds like something she shouldn't have done, but my Nan guesses that the Nurse wanted witnesses or something like that.

&#x200B;

**Nurse: "Doctor, there's an infant here with a strange mark on her. One of the parents believes it is a tattoo. Is it?"**

**Doctor: "Hey OP."** He smiled as he handed his pen to me which I started waving around as if it was a flag. I like pens. Mom says that he checked my back and rolled his eyes. **"This is her birthmark. There are so many possible shapes that there can be that it is possible for a birthmark to look like a heart. I'm sorry you two had to go through this."**

**Ella: "That can't possibly be true!"**

**Doctor: "Your heart is in the right place, but you went about it the wrong way. OP doesn't have a tattoo, and these two aren't abusing OP. She's just here for a blood test. Mom is doing a fine job for her age."** He is our favourite doctor.

&#x200B;

Did the woman get kicked out or shunned? No. She just looked embarrassed and said nothing more. Nan and Mom made me have my blood test and bought me a teddy for being a 'brave girl'. It wasn't anything overly insane, just something amusing thanks to my birthmark./n  

So bit of information before I get started. I am paraplegic and wheelchair bound so when I fly I am the first to board the plane on a small aisle chair which takes me to my seat,  airlines also usually block out a row of seats for me which means on domestic flights ill sit in the aisle seat and the middle and window seat will be empty but I had never flown internationally before so I didn’t know if this would be the case for my flight to America. Luckily for some reason they booked the middle row of 4 seats and said we would be the only one in that row meaning we had two empty seats between us, wooohoo.

After about 5 hours in the air everyone was basically asleep or falling asleep and some woman taps me on the shoulder, this is where the fun began, you know how this works EM=entitled parent Me= me MM= my mother FA= Flight attendant 

EM: swap seats with me now so my son can sleep.

ME: excuse me, what?.

EM: you heard me, you have two seats empty so swap with me now so my son can lay down and sleep.

ME: yea nah sorry im a paraplegic and need the extra space so I can pee (I self catheterise) also I can’t move even if I wanted to because my legs don’t work.

EM: I DON’T FUCKING CARE YOU LAZY CUNT YOU'RE PROBABLY JUST FAKING IT NOW MOVE.

At this point my mom wakes up from her half sleep and sees what is going down.

MM: excuse me why are you yelling at my son?

EM: shut up you fat cow I want you and your lazy son to move so my kid can lay down and sleep.

Now the thing is I am pretty laid back as I have to deal with people saying obnoxious shit to me daily about my physical disability and thinking I won’t fight back but I was sick of this cunts shit and just wanted to get back to my movie.

MM: what cunt?

EM: you heard now move spots.

ME: Look cunt can you fuck off? I have already told you I am not moving ok and even if I want to I physically wouldn’t be able to.

EM: GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY SEATS NOW.

Her screaming woke a few people and gathered the attention of one the flight attendants. 

FA: excuse me what seems to be the problem here?

EM: these people are in my seats and won’t move.

This is where she fucked up though because this flight attendant was the one who helped me board and gave me the typical “in the event of an emergency” speech.

FL: I am sorry mam, but I happen to know these are their seats may I see your ticket please?

Entitled parent knowing she has fucked up decides to double down for some reason.

EM: fine these aren’t my seats, but I DEMAND they be moved so I can have those seats instead because my son wants to lay down and they don’t need the two free spaces.

FL: I am sorry about that, but this man is disabled and unable to move seats, I would be happy to help in other ways though.

EM: REEEEEEEEEE blah blah blah blah 

After about 5 minutes and several flight attendants later the lady finally went back to her seat and the first flight attendant came back to apologise and gave me some snacks. I don’t know what happened to that bitch when we landed but I had a great trip and look forward to returning to the states.

Tldr: entitled cunt demands my seats on a international flight so her child could sleep even after i told her that i was a paraplegic.


Edit: the flight departed from Melbourne Tullamarine airport, Australia and landed at LAX /nHey all. So this happened a few days ago and I’m just now feeling decent enough to type it out for y’all. (Not an EM-induced issue, just me being a sicky). 

I fly a lot. I’ve been surprised that the last couple of times, I haven’t encountered any entitled people or assholes, in fact it went pretty smoothly. I thought, “holy fuck! the curse is lifted”. But we wouldn’t be here if that had stayed the case, now would we? 

- A few weeks ago, I hurt my ankle doing some filming, and have been ordered to wear a boot and take it easy while my leg heals. It’s been trying because I thought I’d be better by now, but the healing process on this injury is a slow one. -

I arrived at the airport and opted for a wheelchair, given how much my foot was already hurting. I’m hobbling around in this giant boot, obviously injured, and now with a wheelchair. Probably best to leave me alone. 

Checking in and security go fine. Everyone ooh’s and aah’s at my cat while I take him out and hold him so security can do their thing. I don’t blame them, my fur son is a stunner and a cuddle bug. As they’re swiping me for bomb residue, I see a little kid (between 4 and 7 I guess? I’m bad with guessing ages of children) nudge his mom and point at me. I think nothing of it, and put my fur baby back in his carrier and hobble my ass back over to the wheelchair. 

We grab my bag and shoe, and I pop the carrier on my lap and we’re good to head to the gate. I make some conversation with the guy helping me out while. I notice the kid and his mom also seem to have this gate. 

The guy helping me out finally parks me by the gate, and after petting my cat a bit, he heads off. Now it’s very crowded. I don’t think there’s an open seat near our gate at all. If you haven’t travelled with a wheelchair assist before, usually one of two things will happen. Either they leave you in the wheelchair by the gate and you can walk into the plane with the rest of the passengers when it’s time, or in some cases, they will directly wheel you to the plane door. This time, I was left by the gate. 

I put the carrier on the ground next to me and make sure I have all my stuff from security. Eventually, I’m just fucking around on my phone waiting for the flight when I feel a tap on my shoulder. I pull off my headphones. 

It’s the EM (protector of entitlement, 27,000th of her name, mother of Karen’s, and harbinger of doom) her crotch goblin next to her. He seems to be interested in my cat so I watch him slightly to make sure he doesn’t hurt him. I don’t mind him looking and playing peek-a-boo though. 

EM - Excuse me, hi my name is Karen (not real name)

Me - oh hi Karen, how’s it going? 

EM - *looks shocked* first of all. I’d appreciate if you call me ma’am or Ms. Karen. Learn some manners!

Me- okay... did you need something?... Karen? 

EM - *sighs* I asked you once to just- anyways that’s not important right now. I need you to get up. 

*surprised that she dropped the ma’am thing, maybe she really does need my help with something*

Me- is everything ok? Did I get rolled onto some of your stuff? I can move the chair so you can look if you need. 

EM- no, no, I don’t need you to move the chair. I just need you out of the chair. 

Me- may I ask why?

EM - *getting pissed off* well, aside from the fact that an ADULT is asking you for something and you should do it, if you *must* know, my son is tired and needs a place to sit. 

Ummmm excuse the fuck outta me? I’m not a child, I’m 25. I don’t have to call her ma’am and I certainly don’t have to do what she says just cause she’s an *adult*. Obviously, I don’t say that to her. I’m still respectful. 

Me - *nervous laughter* (big mistake there) oh, I’m sorry, but I think I’m just gonna stay in the chair. 

EM - you’re laughing at my child’s pain?! What kind of trash are you?

Me - no, sorry. You just caught me off guard. I thought you needed my help with something. 

EM- I do. I need you to get up so my baby can sit. 

Me - As I said, I’ll be staying in my chair. Maybe there’s some seats in between the gates where you and your son could sit and wait. 

EM- but he’s TIRED! It’s too far to find empty seats. There’s only some at the food court. 

Me - And I’m injured. It would also be too far for me to walk to the food court area only to walk back 15 minutes later. 

EM - we saw you standing in security. You can stand. Here, *she hits the wall next to me for emphasis* you have somewhere to lean, so give us the chair. 

Me - No. Please leave me alone. I will stay right here till it is time for me to go inside. 

EM - really? You won’t help a poor child? You’re heartless! 

Me - Sure. if you say so. *puts headphones back in because this conversation is over. I’m done* 

She huffs and grabs her kid, and walks away. 

The end. 

Just fucking kidding. 

Not two minutes later, as I’m minding my own business, engrossed in my phone and ignoring the outside world, I feel this tug on my boot and then enormous pain going through my foot. 

What the fuck?! This kid is trying to climb onto me. He used my boot as a little step stool almost and tried to hop onto my lap. 

Obviously, the second I felt him on me, I pushed him off out of instinct. I’m not a fucking jungle gym. I pull out my headphones, and the kid is on the ground crying in full tantrum mode. 

EM comes running screaming how could I attack her child! The flight attendant also saw the commotion and comes over to see what’s wrong. Before I can say anything, EM is sobbing to her. 

EM - She hurt my baby! She attacked him! I want her off this flight! Oh, baby are you okay? (She’s talking to her kid now)

Kid- Mommy she didn’t let me sit. You told me she would let me sit on her lap. Tell her to let me sit, Mommy! *starts making incoherent sheep noises*

EM - see what you did? Just give us this seat! 

As of right now, I’m still in my chair, kid is on the ground, EM is practically trying to shove me out of the chair. I’m still in a fair amount of pain and now extremely pissed off that this bitch is making a scene. 

Flight Attendant (FA from now on) - ma’am what exactly are you trying to do here? 

EM - I just need this chair. Look, tell her she will be allowed on the plane again if she just gives me this chair. 

FA - Ma’am, she has done nothing wrong! Please leave her alone. She is an injured traveler. The chair is for her. 

EM - The chair is for people who need it and right now my son needs it! She’s been rude and has attacked my son! If she won’t give me her chair, I want her removed from the flight. Right now! 

FA - Ma’am, *you* are harassing other passengers. That is not allowed. Now I will give you one chance to calm down, apologize to this young lady, and hope that she doesn’t wish to press charges. 

EM- Charges for what?! For being a bitch? How is she even allowed on a plane with that *thing*? That’s illegal. It’s probably feral and will attacke everyone during the flight. 

Me - *fed up and now pissed that she’s talking shit about my cat* Lady, I have asked you multiple times to Leave Me Alone. My cat has a ticket, he is allowed to be here and travel with me. And it seems like he’s a lot better trained and well behaved than your little shit stain of a kid! Though I’m not surprised he’s turning out this way when his mother is behaving like a fucking child. Get out of my face before I take the lady’s advice and press charges. 

FA - Maam, she’s allowed to have a cat. She has paid for a ticket for her animal. It is perfectly legal and within airline rules. Your behavior, however, is not. This is my last warning to you. Please leave this passenger alone. 

The EM is red in the face. She pulls her kid up and starts walking away and they stand about 5 feet from me, glaring at me. I’m now weary and keeping an eye on them. She whispers something to him and before I know it, he’s running at me full speed and basically aiming for my cat carrier. I don’t know what he planned to do, but my mamma cat instincts kicked in and I stuck my leg out just in time. The kid jumped and basically fell onto my boot, effectively blocking him from landing on my cat, while also gleaning a scream from me because, fuck, that shit hurt my leg. 

The FA has had enough. She calls for security and then comes to check on me, as I am now crying along with the spawn of Satan. He ran to his mommy and the EM is now holding him and she looks ready to tear into me. 

EM - why would you hurt my child like that?! You witch! 

Me- why would you send your kid to attack me or my cat. This is the second time he’s gotten hurt doing stupid shit you told him to do!

EM - I would never! 

Kid - but mom, you said to sit on the kitty’s box and squish him hard as I can! 

EM (to her kid) - shut up! That is not what I said! 

Security arrives and FA tells them that they need to remove a passenger. EM, for some fucking reason, thinks she’s still in the right and steps aside telling the guys “she’s right here! Take her away! She hurt my kid!”

The FA and I share a gobsmacked look before she turns to EM 

FA - ma’am. You and your child will not be allowed to fly with us today. Security will escort you out and your bags will be retrieved when possible. Please gather your things and follow these gentlemen. 

EM looked like someone slapped her with a fish. “What do you mean? She’s the one who’s being rude! You need to kick her off this flight! I’m fine.  I haven’t done anything wrong. My son and I will be getting on this plane as he has to be back for summer camp and we can’t afford to find a new flight. So we will be staying.”

FA - You will not be allowed on this flight. Not today. Not ever. Please leave calmly with these men or they will drag you out. 

She tries to protest some more, but eventually takes her hellspawn and leaves with security, cussing me out and telling me Jesus has a special place in Hell for people like me.  

And finally, I get to fly in peace. I had to go to the doctors the next day, and my ankle definitely didn’t take those hits well. I’ll be in the boot longer than anticipated. The airline called me to get my statement and offered me vouchers as compensation for my troubles and informed me that the passenger has been barred from traveling with their airline in the future. I think they’re just happy I’m not pressing charges. 

My fur baby and I are home and cuddled in bed, and I hope that bitch had to spend soooo much extra money to get her kid home on time. 

Sorry this got long. TL;DR - EM wants my wheelchair because her kid is tired. I say no. She goes Super Saiyan Karen on me.

[cat tax - here’s my floofy boy ](https://imgur.com/gallery/oG0i6Lo)/nHere’s some context: I am a Type 1 Diabetic, and here’s 1 thing you need to know: having low blood glucose is not a good thing, you can literally die if your blood sugar gets too low.
So, yeah, you know the rules:

-EM = Entitled Mother

-K = Kid

-MF = My friend 

-ME = Me (obviously)

-The story starts at a restaurant, me and MF we’re going to eat, and every dinner, I need to test (to see where my blood sugar is at). I checked my Dexcom (an automatic tester, not always accurate tho) to calibrate, and I noticed that I was at 86↘️, I needed to take action right away, so I pulled out my roll of mega smarties, and almost IMMEDIATELY, K takes them away faster than I have ever seen anything get taken away.

This is where this all goes down the sh*tter

-ME: HEY! GIVE ME THOSE! THOSE ARE MINE!

-EM: What for?

-ME: I’m a Type 1 Diabetic and my blood sugar needs those smarties.

-K: oh, sorry 

-K tries to hand them back, but then her mother said “NO!”

-EM: You have no evidence that you are in need of those mega smarties

-I show EM my dexcom and now it was at 75↘️, so I’m pretty much staring down the face of death at the moment

-EM: Your blood glucose doesn’t mean you can’t share your mega smarties

-K takes the smarties and gives them to me, I F*CKING BOOK IT

-EM: THIEF! THIS MAN JUST STOLE MY SONS SMARTIES! 

-I pull out 4 smarties and start chewing, EM was marching towards me

-MF: Ma’am, I’m gonna ask you t—

-EM pushes MF on the ground

-K: STOP MOM! 

-EK holds mom back and at that exact moment, SF (staff member) enters the stage

-SF: Ma’am I’m going to ask you to stop this or I will have to kick you out of the restaurant

-EM is angry, but she grabs K by the hand and says “Come on, people in [Insert state where I live] are *sswipes anyway

-So, What have we learned here? If someone shows you that their T1D, and they show you their blood glucose, do NOT take away their smarties

-Sorry if the formatting looks sh*tty

-Edit: WOW this post really blew up/n  I'm on mobile so sorry for any format issues, this one is also pretty dialogue heavy.

  When I was a freshman in high school I dislocated my kneecap. Normally this type of injury heals up really fast but for some reason in all the 3 times I've done it, it's taken me months to heal. About three weeks after I injured my knee I was taking the public bus to school, I sat in the very front reserved for disabled and elderly people. Now at the time I had just taken off my leg immobilizer, and was waiting on a knee brace to be ordered so I had no brace on my knee and couldn't bend it at all, the only way you could tell I was injured was the fact that one knee was twice the size as my other and I had crutches next to me. 

  Enter the entitled parent, we'll call her EM. EM stormed onto the bus dragging her poor kid behind her (a 4-5 year old boy who was fairly quiet during the incident) after she'd paid her fare she sped down the aisle and kicked my extended leg (remember can't bend it). I cried out in pain and clutched my knee, and she scoffed. No apology or anything, just scoffed. Ok fine. I just tell her not to worry about it and she walks away further down the bus looking for a seat. She juts her head around like a chicken searching for a seat on this already full bus, and lets out a long exasperated huff before turning to look at me, and the single empty seat beside me. EM approaches and asks "Can my son use the seat beside you?", I nod my head and gesture him to sit down. After he sat down the entitlement began.

EM- "Sooooo, when are you going to get up? I asked if my son could use that seat, obviously I need to sit next to him, he's too young to be alone"

Me- "I'm sorry but I can't really move, there's no more open seats and I'm not really in the condition to stand" *I point towards my crutches* "But there's a standing bar right next to him you can use"

EM- "Don't lie, I hit your leg earlier and you said not to worry about it, can't you just stand instead? I'm not stupid I know those crutches are only up front for emergencies, they're not yours. You're just sitting up here sticking your legs out into the aisle to act injured. Go stand like everyone else your age. I swear you teens are so entitled"

Me- "Look, you can ask the bus driver whether or not I came on this bus with crutches, my leg is out in the aisle because I can't bend it. I've spent the last few weeks in a leg immobilizer. Could you just leave me alone?"

EM- "Okay fine, but what happened to your leg anyway, it doesn't look injured at all?"

Me- "I dislocated my knee"

  EM's face goes red, and she grabs my injured leg and tries to forcefully bend it. She realizes she can't because the joints are locked and pulls the stop wire. I scream out in pain and the bus driver stops and walks over to where I'm sitting. He says he's heard everything but minded his own business because he didn't think she would get physical. When the bus driver (BD) adomishes EM's behavior she turns into a sputtering mess. I wasn't part of this particular conversation because I was too busy ugly crying.

BD- "What the hell did you think you were doing when you assaulted a crippled child?!?" 

EM- "I THOUGHT SHE WAS LYING! I've seen people dislocate their knee before, her story didn't add up! It doesn't take that long to heal!"

BD- "So instead of calling her out, you decided to try to force her leg to bend? It's not up to you to decide if she's lying or not get the fuck off of my bus." 

EM- " Buutt I have to take my son to daycare, you can't just kick us off! We have places to be!"

BD- "Okay if you don't get off my bus right now the *only* place you'll be going is a jail cell."

  The EM's eyes went wide and she grabbed her kid, dragging him off with her out the back exit. BD apologizes for not stepping in sooner and tries to calm me down,  through my tears I told him not to worry and just start the bus again. The pain eventually subsided but I spent the rest of the day icing my knee in the nurse's office. I never got an apology or a name but I wish I could go back and press charges. People are seriously crazy sometimes!

Edit for clarity: This happened 7 years ago so I doubt the bus company has any video surveillance still around, I never got her name either. Since then I've dislocated my kneecap twice, every 2 years since the first time. Currently I'm doing fine and being *very* careful trying to build muscle so it doesn't happen again. I'll post an update if I end up dislocating one again in 2020! Also she *couldn't* bend my knee, she kept trying to force it but a locked joint is a locked joint. It wasn't budging and I was too busy crying in pain to fight her off or beat her with my crutches!/nI remember a talk I had with my grandma years ago. And it just made me hate everything about her son (my 'dad'). 

Backstory: my dad was an absentee parent and whenever he visits home, he'd emotionally, physically, and mentally abuse me. 

This one is really blurry to me, but this happened when I was in 6th grade or maybe high school. I suppressed this memory in the back of my mind because it's the reason why I have ptsd. 

To the story: 
So, when I was around 11-13 years old, I found out that my dad, despite having no monetary issues, never paid for my schooling. Everything, (from school uniform, tuition fees, my allowance, school books etc) was paid for by my grandma. And at that point, he was now more open to wishing that I was no longer born. He also said one time that he wished that he killed me when I was just a baby. (Great father, I know). 

So when I was 12 and just got to high school, my school offered scholarship to their students. I was one of the students who was a part of the scholarship, getting 10-15 thousand pesos after every school year. 

Dickman found out about it. 

He went home and asked my grandma about it. Apparently, my grandma was saving my scholarship money so that I have money for college. (I never got the money after my grandma died, but that's a whole different story) 

I was in my room when they were talking. I always lock myself in my room whenever Dickman was home. 

After a while I heard him shouting at my grandma. It scared me. Her doctor had told her not to be stressed. But of course Dickman never did care. He was shouting at her telling her that he deserved to handle my money. 

My grandma wasn't born yesterday though, and knew that giving my dad the money will be a mistake. So she said no once more. 

It ended with him shouting and screaming about how he's my dad and he should be handling my money. 

He then threatened my grandma when she wouldn't budge. 

His exact dialogue: I will burn down this house and make sure that you will die in it. You are selfish. 

He then proceeded to actually throw stuff at my door. 

It never ended good to be honest. 

I'm 22 now, and whenever I hear loud crashes near me I just feel so terrified thinking that my (now dead) dad would be breaking my door and beat me up again. 

But hey, at least he's out of my life now, for good. 

Edit 1: holy shit this blew up. I literally just woke up too 😂😂

Edit 2: thanks for the support guys 

Edit 3: in my country you go to high school right after you graduate grade 6. So yeah, I'm not smart XD 

Edit 4: to those who are curious, my dad died after having a stroke. I honestly don't remember what year, i mean he died a year after my grandma died but I honestly didn't care to remember when he died. 

Edit 5: regarding the money, if you like I could make another post about it 

Edit 6: omg thanks for the silver 

Edit 7: okay so to those who are asking about the money (since I'm too lazy to post). My dad changed the will and got the rights to the moneu my grandma left for me. Idk what he did to the money tho. /nThis is something that happened quite a few years back, but I remember it well since it became one of those family stories you always tell for a laugh.

I was 20 and living with my mom in Dominican Republic while I finished college. At the time, I had a little long haired Chihuahua named Ponky. He was the sweetest dog in the world and the neighbourhood kids generally loved him because he was always up for play. 

At the time we were living in a nice neighbourhood and the house had a large backyard. Instead of a fence, the backyard had a 7 foot wall surrounding it, and there was a large cashew tree close to the wall (this is important to the story). 

Now, if some of you have never seen this fruit, please google malay apples or cashew fruit (this is the edible kind). When the trees bear fruit, they don’t hold back. They grow heavy with the fruit and mom would usually give the fruit away to the neighbourhood kids.


The characters in this story are:

EM: entitled mom

M: My mom

EK: little crotch stain

J: judge

 
Like I said my mom generally gave the fruit away to kids or let them come in and pick it themselves.  But as always, there was one little brat. Enter the kid from across the street, EK. He got it into his head that he didn’t want to knock on the door and ask for fruit. He would instead climb the seven foot wall and take the fruit from the tree. This would make Ponky go crazy, thinking there was an intruder in his yard, and mom would run outside to get the kid down.
 
Now, my mom knew the family was a bunch of idiots, and didn’t want trouble. FOUR times she spoke to the boy, telling him, "please just come to the door, you’re scaring the dog. I will give you all the fruit you want if you ask".

When talking to him didn’t work, mom went to his house.

 
M: your son keeps trespassing into my yard and climbing a tall wall without supervision. He’s making the dog very upset. He can have fruit but he needs to ask.

EM: I can’t control everything he does all day! He can go where ever he wants! Chain the dog if hes being dificult!

M: Well, no, thats called trespassing. I wont chain my dog in my own yard so your kid can break the law! And if he has a bad fall, or if the dog bites him, Im not responsible!

EM slams the door on moms face. Two days later, it happened. My mom was in her room, she hears a crash, barking and crying. EK had slipped off the wall, landed on the dog’s house and completely destroyed it, and the nervous little Chihuahua bit him. 

Mom makes sure the bite hasn’t drawn blood and that EK hadn’t hit his head, and sends him home, thinking he’s learned his lesson.

A week later, I get the mail. EM was suing us for medical expenses and wanted my dog put down. I lost my shit. I wanted to go there and beat EM for wanting to hurt my dog. But my usually fiery mom made me calm down, we’d go to court.

On the court day, I was very worried. I wasn’t sure what Dominican law was on the matter but I knew that in some countries any dog that bites is automatically put down. 

Enter EM and the judge. She was suing us for the equivalent of four thousand US dollars (in DR that’s a ridiculous amount of money) for EK's medical expenses due to the bite, and she was demanding the dog be destroyed. Judge asks my mom to tell her version of events and asks EM if this was all true.

EM: yes, what she says is true.

J: so you’re telling me that your kid trespassed a home illegally, to steal something he could get free in the first place. Destroyed property while stealing. And got bitten by a scared Chihuahua as a result?

EM: well yes, but my boy should be able to go where he likes, its his right! The dog needs to be put down so he can move freely! 

J: No, your kid is NOT entitled to go where he wants in other people's property, sorry for the wake up call. Do you let strangers wander into YOUR home whenever they like? Do you have photos of the child’s wound?

EM: No.... he didn’t break any skin.

J: Then how do you explain your supposed medical bills for the bite? (To my mom) Can I see this dog

Mom shows the judge a photo of the dog. The judge rolled her eyes.

J: (to EM) Do you understand that if your child wouldve trespassed in to a home with a large dog breed, he would be dead? 

J: (to my mom) Ma’am, you are free to go. If you decide to countersue for destruction of property and trespassing, feel free to, you have a good case.

M: Thank you, but I just want to go home. And assurance that they wont bother us again. 

 
EK didn’t trespass again. EM did end up having to pay mom's legal fees though./nSo, idk if this is tradition anywhere else, but in Lithuania, your child's middlename is a grandparents first name. Example being one of my grandparent's name is Rose and thus my sister's middle name is Rose.

This conversation was in Lithuanian and over the phone so forgive me for any translation errors, not everything has an english equivalent but I will try my best. Names have not been changed because you'll see why. We live in an english speaking country so that is why I am concerned about that.

So... here's the cast.Me: A Potato

ED: My Dad

H: Husband

&#x200B;

So hubby and I were talking baby names as we decided to use my maternal grandmother's name as the flow is just better.

So I go and tell the family what we've decided on and...

Me: Ok. So if it's a girl, her name will be Alice Tamara \_\_\_\_\_\_. If it's a boy, it'll be David... uhm.... we havn't decided on a middle name yet.

ED: Why not name him after my dad?

Me: Because I was close to grandma Tamara and I want to honor her with the name.

ED: Okay, but why not give a boy my dad's name? Valari is a nice name

Me: Yes, except it sounds very stupid in English. "Larry" Is not a very good name, and David Larry \_\_\_\_\_ doesn't sound good at all.

ED: Oh come on, it's your grandpa. You want to show you love him don't you?

Me: I only knew the man for 3 years, so while I know you love him and were close, I don't have the same connection as you do.

ED: So you won't name a second girl Lucy either?

Me: I like grandma Lucy though?

ED: Yeah, so why not name a boy after her husband?  Don't be a churkaz.

((edit: dumbass/chink/peice of wood. Got accused of using the racist version. Nope. After talking to dad it turns out it's one of those multiple meaning words. He meant dumbass.
https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/чурка 

Me: Wow. Dad, please.

Me(in english to husband): Tell him Larry is a stupid name.

H(loud enough my dad can hear): I agree.

Me: See?

ED: So just keep the name Valari, don't translate it. David Valari \_\_\_\_\_. See? It sounds nice.

Me: That's not the only thing, I told you the other thing. I wasn't close to him. At all. Infact, the only memory I have of him is that one fishing trip I took when I was 5! I don't know him at all. During which a shudaz eel jumped in the boat and scared me. I seriously don't think it's proper to name someone after someone you don't know. It's like me naming a kid Harry Potter or something.

\*Shudaz: Goat Shit

ED: Yeah but he's your grandpa.

Me: -sigh of frustration, knowing this conversation will go nowhere and just do another loop- Okay, fine. I'll think about it.

ED: Ata girl! Bye, I love you.

Me: Bye dad.

So hung up and turn towards my husband.

Me:  You come up with the middle name. I give up.

H: Uh....?


So yeah. TL,DR: Dad decides my kid needs to be named after his dad despite the fact I don't know the guy at all and think the name sounds terrible. Doesn't take no for an answer. Sorry it's not more interesting, expecting mother frustration ftw. Enjoy your 2 new cusswords.


update: Our second child will now have the name Valerij as a middle name. Mostly since after thinking about it, it's not too bad a name? Just... Yeah. Might warm up to it idk./nNew here, joined so I could post this story that happened to me a few years ago while working in a bottleshop. 

Set the scene - Middle of summer on a Saturday afternoon in a small corner store bottleshop. I was working the counter and it happened to be very busy. 

A teenage kid walks into the store wearing a football jersey and shorts, obviously just came from football training. He browses the beer section for a few minutes before selecting a six pack and brings it up to the counter. 

Me: How you going mate, do you have your ID on you? 

Kid checks his pockets but cant find his wallet. Realizes he is still wearing his footy shorts.

Kid: I think my wallet is in my other pants, one sec I will just go grab it. 

Me: No problem. 

Kid walks out of the shop and I go back to serving the other customers. A few minutes later he comes back in with his mum. The kid goes to the back of the line but the mum walks straight up to the counter and pushes infront of the person I am currently serving. The six pack is still sitting on the counter. 

Entitled mum: Hi, my son left his wallet and ID at home so I'll just pay for it for him. 

Me: Sorry I can't sell you that beer until I see his ID. 

Entitled mum: No you dont understand, I'm buying it. 

Me: Yes I understand that but I know you are buying it for him so I cant sell it to you until I see his ID. 

At this time Australia was having a huge crackdown on underage drinking and I can personally cop a $5000 fine for selling alcohol to anyone underage. Since he is on our security cameras selecting the beer and bringing it to the counter first I didnt want to risk it. 

Entitled mum: No the beer isnt for him. Its for me. Im drinking it. 

Me: I am sorry but I dont believe that. If I suspect you are buying alcohol to supply to someone underage I can still get into a lot of trouble if I sell it to you. 

Entitled mum: My son is 19 years old (legal age in Australia) 

Kid: Its ok mum we can just go home and get it.

Me: He probably is but I dont know that. I need to see his ID. Im sorry but I am just doing my job. 

Entitled mum: No you are not, you are being an asshole. My son completed his RSA (responsible service of alcohol) certificate a month ago. 

Me: Oh he did, did he? Then he will be able to explain to you why what you are asking me to do is completely illegal. (Probably not professional but I was getting annoyed) 

Entitled mum: You're a dickhead, I am never coming back here again. 

Me: Great, have a nice day. 

Entitled mum storms out while glaring at me. Poor kid flashes me an embarrassed apologetic face and follows his mum out. I feel bad for him. 

And she never returned (yay) 

Bonus story: I also once had a woman come into the shop and inform me that she and her family just moved into the area and that she is giving me permission to sell her 16 year old son alcohol. I tried to explain that even if he has your permission to purchase alcohol it is still illegal for me to sell it to him. She says "No, but its ok because I am giving him permission to drink." No joke. Some people are just that dumb. 

Thanks for readng!/nTL;DR at the bottom

EA= Entitled Aunt U= Uncle Me= Mys Elf

Background

So my uncle is a very nice guy. He would invite me and my siblings to "help" him go shopping. But all he did was buy everything we showed interest in. He was really rich and still is now. But once he married he became a different man. He was much more mean and sad. She was just a leech. Before she got married to him she was about to be evicted from her apartment because her boyfriend realized what she was doing and dumped her before she could take more of his money. And U and EA met on a dating App. EA is a very christian women, and that showed when I came out I am Bi (story for another day.) She had a daughter when they met but she doesn't play a role into this story. (She does play a big role in my coming out story but again, for another time.) But even though we all new this, this one came as a shock to me and most of my family. Ok onto the story

So it was my grandpa's birthday and we all had this great idea. We would get this BIG birthday card and we would all sign it. It was my mothers idea but EA had something in mind. She made rules for all of us. The names would neatly be placed by Alphabetical order (why the hell did she do this??? Your guess is as good as mine) Also she made a few different rules about it. But the final one, was I had to sign on the left side of the card, where no one else would sign. She made me do this so I could be even further from the rest? She did hate me because I was Bi so that is the best answer I came up with.

So all of us followed her rules and when it came time for me to sign the major entitlement came. She notice I was using my left hand and said

EA- Hey, use your right hand. (In a stern voice)

Me- Sorry, am a left handed?

EA- No, use your right hand, I don't care just use your right hand. (Some people heard that and started tuning in)

Me- But I can't use my right hand! (Sorta getting annoyed)

EA- JUST USE YOUR RIGHT HAND! (Uhh, the screaming came out of nowhere)

Me- Jeez fine

So I did what she wanted me to do.

Half of my name looked perfect, then the other half looks like a bored 5 year old scribbling. I suck at writing with my right hand. She, somehow, didn't mind about it. But I did over hear her say under her breath "Fucking faggots". But it can't get worse after that, can it? Oh it can.

When I was hanging out with my little nephew, so cute, she stepped on my left hand. Oh did I say step? I meant JUMPED on my left hand! It was so painful. I had to go to the hospital. She broke my hand! I had to have a cast for around 12 weeks. I was going to sue her but my family said that she would pay for all of this would cost. But she wouldn't pay a pennie! I was going to sue her just for that! ut my family, once again, calmed me down, and some of them gave me their money so I was able to pay off everything that it costed me. But whenever it gets brought up, she says something of the lines of

"Oh, people of your... kind... can be such drama queens!"

Very offensive I know. It is just so annoying to deal with her.

TL;DR- Entitled aunt yells at me for using my left hand and jumps onit breaking it.

Also the story of me coming out [https://www.reddit.com/user/poor-poor-world/comments/blfizs/my\_entitled\_aunt\_makes\_fun\_of\_me\_for\_being\_bi/](https://www.reddit.com/user/poor-poor-world/comments/blfizs/my_entitled_aunt_makes_fun_of_me_for_being_bi/)/nEdit : [A link to the original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cfj32u/youre_going_on_vacation_take_my_kids_with_you/)

&#x200B;

This is the follow up on the crazy cousin story.

&#x200B;

This morning my bf and I were on face-time with his sister. She told us all about what went down on the Karen front after bf and I left.

&#x200B;

Apparently, CC (crazy cousin) had gone crying to her father, and a few other relatives (including bf's sister), to complain about how my boyfriend and I "set her up to be humiliated in front of her kids" and how her kids are "heartbroken". Bf's sister simply hung up on her.  The other relatives either laughed it off or tried to explain to her why she was in the wrong.   All except her father.

&#x200B;

Her dad had the gall to go to bf's parents' house and yell at them for making his daughter and his grandkids cry. He whined on about how they had raised my bf and his sister to be selfish, how they needed to start  acting like family and a whole bunch of other nonsense.

&#x200B;

At first, my bf's dad tried to stay calm and explain to his brother what has *actually* happened. But, as it turned out, bf's uncles logic receptors had stopped functioning a long tine ago. He continued to whine and demanded that my bf fulfill his "promise" of paying for his daughter's family's weekend in Mt Abu.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

  

My boyfriend's dad is a very patient man. His mother is not. She never hesitates to shut down this kind of crap. She tore into cousin's dad telling him his daughter was a good for nothing piece of trash who thinks the world owes her something. She also said that the only reason she's allowed to come to their (bf's parents') place is because of their concern for her children. She gave bf's uncle an ultimatum : either his daughter would apologize to my bf and I or they would cut ties with her completely.

The uncle is a chauvinistic asshole and tried to tell bf's dad to "get his wife under control". Bf's dad simply told him to get out and to not come back unless it was to apologize.

My boyfriend's parents have often helped his cousin and her husband financially and routinely buy gifts for their kids. And they've never asked for anything in return. Bf's mother usually a very kind and gentle lady, but the moment anyone attacks her kids, she turns into the Mama Bear to end all mama bears.

Bf's cousin probably doesn't want to fall out of favor with his parents. His sister knew that we may get a few annoying phone calls from her , so she could "apologize" during our vacation. So she took it upon herself to make it clear to the cousin that she is not to disturb us in any way. We ,of course, thanked her for being such an MVP./nSo I’m a college student in the upper Midwest, and you all probably know we got hit pretty bad by the polar vortex recently. This led to us missing an entire week of classes and falling behind pretty far on course content. Luckily, a couple of my professors were smart enough to post some recorded lectures up on our college’s network, so we could listen to them on our own time.

This is important because I decided to knock a few hours of this out at my local cafe, as classes were going to resume in two days and just listening to them at home sounded really dull. Might as well chow down on a chocolate croissant while you’re being forced to listen to your professor ramble on about Western Literature, you know? 

So I’m listening to these boring-ass lectures on my phone and typing up an essay on my laptop. Then all of a sudden, a boy from the table to my left starts shaking his table. I am a drama-loving bitch, so i take out one of my headphones to hear this conversation. 

“Mooooooom! The battery is dead!!!!”

The mother sighs almost exaggeratedly loud and grabs a phone, I’m assuming hers, from this little kid’s hands. She says something lowly to her kid that I cant quite hear, but whatever it was her kid was having precisely NONE OF IT. He starts to throw a full-scale tantrum and is crying quite loudly. Instead of doing the responsible thing and taking her kid outside for a talking to, she scans the cafe briefly before her eyes land on me. 

I get embarrassed for a moment, I assumed that she had caught me eavesdropping on her mommy-drama. I turn my eyes away and desperately hope she’s not going to call me on it. 

“Excuse me!” 

Well, fuck. Im trying to think of an apology that I can give her without revealing that I don’t really care. She interrupts me before I can. 

“Would you mind letting my son play on your phone while I finish up my lunch?” 

That wasn’t what I was expecting, and it took me aback.  I shake my head, 

“No, sorry,” I say, “I’m really busy right now.”

She decides to pull out the most bitchy of all mom-phrases.

“Sweetheart, you’ve never been busy until you’ve had a kid,” She sneers, passive aggression leaking from her tone, “It’ll only take a few minutes.” 

“Sorry, no.” I was not about to put myself behind  for any amount of time for someone else’s hell-child. She glares at me but doesn’t say anything else. She grabs her still-screaming child and leaves the cafe in a huff. 

I know that this isn’t as bad as some of the other stories on this sub, but it still really surprised me that parents like this are an actual thing. Im just hoping that I never run into her again. /nHello, reddit !

So, during summer holidays, I work as a life guard in a swimming-pool. This story is not from this summer, but the year before. I worked in the only pool of a small town, but as this was the only big pool for around 30 kilometres, we had lots of people (we reached one thousand entries in a single day once).

There was 4 differents basin in the pool: the regular 25 meters swimming lanes, a smaller one (15 meters), a more shallow basin for kids to play, and a really shallow one for toddlers. We also had a separate area with jacuzzis, Sauna, and Hammam (edit: that are also know as Turkish Bath aparently... well, hammam is the turkish word), where child were not permitted entry.

So, the story : As I was on my chair, I was scannning the area, when I saw this young woman with her child (no more than 3 years old). She had the typical "I dropped out of college to care for my son and I am more important than you" look. I did not really care at the time, for me she was just a regular client amongst the nameless mass. But a few moments later, she walked past me to the spa area... alone.

I start to look around and saw the kid, wandering aimlessly just next to the water, starting to run around, looking for his mother (I think it was a little boy, although I don't 100% remember that).

"that cannot be good", I thought. I went to talk to the kid, when, after running around, the kid fell in the deep pool. I instantly grabbed the life guard tube we use to get people out of the water, and carried him safely on a chair so he could get dried. Mind you, quite a lot of people were massing around us, including one of my colleagues, whom I asked to go bring the lady.

Enters EM.

As soon as EM sees her kid sitting on a chair, she rushes to him, and slapped him dead hard across the face. Needless to say, everyone was shocked. I grabbed her and pushed her away, and tried to talk to her. The conversation went approximatively like this:

me: What are you doing ? Why are you slapping him, are you crazy ?

em: HE'S A LITTLE DISOBEDIENT SHIT ! I TOLD HIM NOT TO !

me: (I was completely puzzled) Not to do what ?

em: GO IN THE WATER, DUMBASS ! HE DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO SWIM, WHY THE FUCK WOULD HE GO IN THE WATER ? I TOLD HIM TO WAIT FOR ME !

At this moment, I started to get angry. unlike most people I see posting here, I do not mind confrontation, at all. I basically told her that her what she did was completely stupid and irrational, and that one must be an idiot to expect a 3 years-old to obey like that (I'm pretty sure I said it in more professional terms, but you get it). She the proceeded to turn the fault to me:

em: ALSO, WHY DIDN'T YOU PREVENT HIM FROM GETTING IN THE WATER ? ARE YOU EVEN A REAL LIFE GUARD ? YOU SHOULD BE WATCHING OVER HIM !

I pointed at the pool, and told her "See all the people here ? I can watch over him, just like I can watch over the hundreds of children I see each day. No more, no less."

After that, she got out of the pool, screaming and shouting insults at me and my colleagues. I told my boss about it, and the pool is now closed to her. No dramatic ending.

oh yeah, and the kid turned out fine. He had the time to drink a bit of water, but none of it went the wrong way, so it was fine.

&#x200B;

edit: since a lot of people are telling me "report her to CPS righ now !" chill guys, this was one year ago. Also I signaled it to my boss, who wrote a report./nMobile as I'm actually still in the café/coffeeshop waiting for my friend xD
(I'm not a native speaker so sorry if I make mistakes)
TLDR at the bottom


Its another day in the Netherlands where the weather is either too hot or its raining and right now, Its raining. That's why I decided to go to a coffee place I haven't really visited in a while, as I eat there, I noticed my nana walking by with my youngest niece, we chatted for a while and when our coffee and tea arrived I gave my cookie to my niece (as stated in an earlier post, I'm cutting low on carbs) we chatted for a while and after a few minutes, I paid for Nan's drink and she left as she and my niece were getting picked up by my uncle.


Cue for the entitled mother (EM) and kid (EK) to step in


My second latte arrived and the following conversation goes like this

Em: ah, there is my coffee (the lady tries to reach for the cup)

Waiter(w) and me: (confused) 

W: I'm sorry but this young lady ordered it

Ek: mooooom I want the cookie (the EK is now reaching for the plate as well)

Me: I'm sorry but I ordered this coffee

Em: but you gave that other woman and kid tea as well (she reaches for the plate again) 

Me: They are my relatives, and its my money!

Em: You clearly look like you can afford it! Now give it to me

At this point the manager arrives and the EM starts yapping how I owe her coffee and how I should be removed from the cafe

The manager(m) just laughs it off

M: Lady what you're saying is ridiculous, why do even think its okay to demand that a stranger, let alone a minor pays your coffee. I'm letting you off with a warning if you leave her alone

The Em huffs and walks back to her table (thank god)

M: sorry OP how are you doing, did your surgery go well?

Me: Yeah I'm okay, thanks M

M: Thats good to hear, tell your Grandma I said hi. Also here's a coupon for a free coffee


M slides me a coupon and I thank him while I watch the EM fuming at her table. Needless to say, I thought to myself 'f*ck my diet' and now I am slowly eating the cookie and sipping my coffee enjoying how it completely pisses off the EM while I write this post.

Sorry no exiting ending like her getting kicked out or getting arrested, she pissed me off and got a warning from the manager (Grandma's friend)

TLDR: EM wants me to pay her coffee after I pay for nana's, gets warning from the manager

Edit: Grammar issue I noticed too late, sowwy uwu

Edit 2: Thanks for the gold 😁😁😁/n 

&#x200B;

EM: Entitled Mom D: The daughter (we will call her Chloe for this story) Me: me (obviously)

So I was like 12 playing at a park, and the EM and her daughter about my age came over. 

“Hi!” Chloe said. 

“Hey” I replied back. “Wanna race around the park?” she asked. 

“Sure, I think I’ll beat ya!” I replied back. 

As we lined up I could see EM’s face look at me with a glare and I looked away from her. As we started running for like 0.2 miles around the park which was like 3 laps she said,

“I have to go in a while for my swim meet.” 

“Alright, let's use the last few minutes wisely,” I replied after we stopped running. (she won)

Minutes later I saw her mom staring at her phone, probably the time to get her away from me. \*\*BEEP BEEP BEEP\*\* A timer rung. Then the EM started talking.

“CHLOE TIME FOR YOUR SWIM MEET!”

“Bye,” she said with a droopy face. She ran in for a hug and hugged me. The EM ran over and shoved me to the ground. 

“TAKE YOUR HANDS OFF MY DAUGHTER YOU RAPIST!”

Then Chloe replied, “WHAT THE FUCK MOM!”

She helped me up, 

“LITERALLY EVERY BOY THAT I EVEN HANDSHAKE IS A ‘RAPIST’” she said while helping me up.

“CHLOE YOU ARE GROUNDED FOR 1 WEEK, NO BACKTALK!” her mum said.

“Fuck you,” Chloe said. /nYep, you read that right ladies and gents. 


Little bit of background, I'm sixteen and currently observing my Mom while she's working to see if working where she does would be good for me. This lady and her teenage son come in and start to order. This kid didn't really say anything just looked embarrassed the whole time. 

Key:

EM- Enticing Meatloaf, yells at a sixteen year old for her breast size. 

PK- Poor Kid, geez i felt bad for him. 

Mom- Ah, I love this woman. She takes no shit from anyone. 

Me- The Hero


So, I sit in a booth right next to the counter so I watch my Mom working her magic. She calls me for something so I get up and walk over just as EM and PK walk in. I'm not sure if I jiggled a bit while I walked or she was just mad I was bigger than her, because the minute my mom steps into the back room after taking their orders, she makes a beeline for me. 


EM: Excuse me! 

ME, not really paying attention as I'm playing on my phone: Hm? What's up, Miss? 

EM: There are men around here! Do you think you can go sit down? 

ME: I'm sorry? 

EM: Sit down! You're distracting my son with your breasts!! 

ME: *confused as fuck* I'm sorry, I guess? It's not my fault he can't keep his eyes to himself. 

EM: How dare you talk about my son like that! It's your fault for being too big!! 

ME: *my famous "Are you being fucking serious?" look* Uhhh... 

EM: Your mother-

ME: I'm gonna stop you right there. Would you like to voice your concerns to my mother? 

EM: *smug smirk* Yes, I would love too. 


So I leave and come back with my Mom. I gave her a quick rundown on what was going on and decided to let her handle it. 

MOM: Is something wron-

EM: YES, THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG. YOUR... *looks me up and down* DAUGHTER HERE, IS DISTRACTING THE MEN HERE WITH HER BREASTS. 

MOM:.....Okay? How is she distracting them? 

EM: SHE'S WALKING AROUND AND PURPOSELY JIGGLING HER BREASTS

MOM: Okay, listen just because you don't have any boobs to jiggle doesn't mean you can yell at 16 year olds because you're jealous of them. Now take your fucking food and leave my god damn store. 


EM was about to yell something back, but her kid just pulled her out of the store. No cops were called, I wasn't assaulted, no one clapped (they just stared at the commotion). 

Moral of the story: Don't yell at teenagers for something beyond their control.



EDIT: Things my mom said after the woman left. 

"Bitch got the body of an iPhone, who the fuck does she think she is?"

"Cutting board looking mother fucker"

"I bet she could be used as a surf board"

"Mom, stop-"

EDIT 2: FOR THE LAST TIME. STOP ASKING FOR PICTURES OF MY CHEST. I AM. A MINOR. I AM 16. STOP ASKING/nQuick run down

This story was from at least 8 years ago so i might have to guess some bits but I remember most of it 


The cast.
A=aunt  cousin=cousin Mum=my mum Me=my great great great grandad who doesn’t like mustard on his chips   

Am on mobile sorry for bad formatting 

Backstory 

Every year we have a family get together my dad couldn’t come to this one because he was away on a business trip (yawn).

So into the story 

I think I’m 15 years old give or take a year and I’m sitting in my room playing Xbox 360 as I am socially exhausted from the day.


Cousin:I want to play with your lizaaaarrrrd 

Me: ( I generally try to be nice to my cousins because I don’t want my aunt to be a bitch) okay that’s fine but you are going to have to wait a bit though because he’s a bit sleepy, he’s nocturnal so that means he sleeps at day, I’ll tell you to come up when he’s woken up a bit more.

Cousin: do you promise you’ll show him though?

Me:yep I’ll call you up in a bit.

About 3 hours later it’s around 7 or something so I decide that the kids probably tired so I’ll ask him now.
I go downstairs and he’s asleep, I don’t wake him because he looks tired.

Bad move.

About an hour later my aunt SLAMS open the door and starts screaming 

Aunt: WHY DID YOU LIE TO MY SON

Me: (thinking shits bout to go down) what do you mean? 

Aunt: YOU KNOW EXACTLY WHAT I MEAN YOU LITTLE SHIT YOU PROMISED MY SON TO LET YOU HAVE THAT THING

Me: oh I’m sorry does he want to see him right now?

Cousin enters the stage...

Cousin:(crying) ( I cant remember if he was faking or not)
He said he could let me hold him!!

Me: There’s no need to get upset I can get him out now.

Cousin: (sniffing) really?

Me: of course I can there’s no need to get upset

Aunt:now there you go hand him the gecko and that will be it.

I get him out and cousin has a nice time playing with him.

Cousin: muuum can we get a gecko

Aunt: maybe it depends on how much they are.

Me: the animal itself doesn’t cost much but with the stuff it’s around 200 quid 

Aunt: Jesus Christ all that money for that tiny thing?

Me: well yeah you have to make sure they have a nice life.

Aunt: are you sure I can’t just have yours?

Me: (laughing because I thought she was joking) hehe no, it’s my mums one, even if you got him hes only got a few years left.

Aunt: Well that’s perfect, we don’t want him for long! 

Me:(greatly pissed off by now) you can’t have him please get out of my room now!

Aunt walks out and cousin waves bye bye.

The following day it was the final day they were around and we were going to head out for a nice day out, my aunt said she was sick so we let her stay there while we went out MASSIVE MISTAKE.

I get back and head back to my room to check the temps of the tank because it was a hot day and THE ENTIRE VIVARIUM WAS GONE, granted it was only a 20 gallon but it had decoration eco earth and a GECKO IN IT.

Me: MUUUUUM THE VIVARIUMS GONE
 
Mum: where the hell did you put it

Me: THIS ISNT A JOKE LOOK

my mum comes into my room and immediately goes  straight to my aunt.

Mum:where is senure-reddits tank?

Aunt: what tank?

Mum:Jesus Christ shut up

My mum and I start looking for it because my aunt says she didn’t even know I had a tank.

I forgot the looking bit but it’s nothing important I think.

We go out to the car and guess who is in my aunts truck?
(Yes truck this woman actually thought that it would be a good idea to have a animal in the back of a truck)
My gecko, tank and all 

Long story short my aunt has been banned from visiting us again and we made her pay a visit to the vet for my gecko just in case.

My gecko was fine in the end, he got some treats for being a good boy and had 2 more years of life until he died of old age. He had a nice life I miss him but I got a new leopard gecko recently and he’s very cute.

TL,DR aunt tries to steal pet leopard gecko, has to pay 100 pound vet fee and is excluded from family get togethers.

Link for picture of new gecko because everyone’s asking :)

https://www.reddit.com/r/leopardgeckos/comments/cush2z/he_spot_the_worm/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

Thank you so much for my first gold!!/nSo, I have a fun story and my friend begged me to post it on entitled parents! So here I am! It's also really freaking long, sorry about that. (it took me forever to write out too lol) TLDR at the bottom!! Sorry, it's so poor and that this is so long :/ 

I worked at a daycare for a little less than a year. It was a HUGE daycare in a pretty large city and we got all different kinds of families. Our daycare was reasonably priced (especially for how highly rated it was) and was known for how closely it works with schools in the area, uses modern disciplinary tactics, and for working closely with Child Protective Services and was responsible for saving countless children who were in bad homes. It had programs for new parents and even helped people trying to adopt and worked with Planned Parenthood as well. And it also had amazing good pay compared to other daycares in the area.

We were legit as fuck. 

You can imagine the kinds of parents I've met, from neglectful to overprotective, but for the most part, parents were amazing and respected how difficult taking care of 15+ toddlers (my department) could get. 

It was our first day back from our Christmas break, and after breaks is typically when more kids get enrolled, and my 'class' went from 12 children to 16 children, which is fine, cause each class is required to have 2 or more carers in each classroom. I worked in the ocean-themed room btw, we called ourselves the Merpeople, it was the best room in the building and we had a rivalry with the rainforest room lol. I'm not at all bias.

Anyway, I was setting up a movie on the TV, when a young boy stood next to me, watching what I was doing. 

Me: Hey, are you new? (I knew this, I just wanted to make conversation, from now on we will call him Billy)

Billy: nods head 

I smiled at him and assumed he was shy of new people, and went back to get the movie to play. As soon as the movie began to play, and I went to go back to my desk, I hear a girl scream at the top of her lungs, not new, but still starting to hear a child scream. I quickly turned, hoping nothing was wrong and was shocked at what I was seeing. 

Billy had PULLED DOWN A GIRLS SKIRT! Thankfully, she had leggings on under the skirt and so she wasn't exposed. It's still very inappropriate and startling. 

I look at my coworker horrified and grabbed the boy away from the girl, I calmly walked him into the hallway and sat him on the time-out chair. 
Me: Billy, why did you pull down that girls skirt? (I actually said the girl's name, but it doesn't matter)

Remember, I work with toddlers mainly, that's 2-4-year-olds. So getting this boy to talk would be like trying to get Ted Bundy to confess to murder, it WASNT gonna happen. 

I was so frustrated and wanted him to talk, but he just sat with his arms crossed and a red face. 
Me: sigh, okay, Billy. Pulling down that girls skirt was EXTREMELY inappropriate, and you should not have done that. You are going to have to sit here for five minutes, I expect an apology when that time is up, if you do not apologize, you will have to sit for five more minutes. 

So I set a timer on my phone, we are required to wait in the hall with them so I stood a few feet away and played on my phone. The policy is that we have to stand a minimum of 3 feet away and make no sound, so they can ‘sit and think about what they have done.

After about 45 seconds, he randomly starts crying and screaming. 

Billy: IM SORRY!! IM SORRY!! I WANNA PLAY! IM SO SORRY!!

I was confused as the boy ran to me and began to hit me in the stomach. I put my phone in my pocket and grabbed his hands, stopping him. 

Me: no hitting! 

Billy: LET ME PLAY GAME! LET ME PLAY GAME! 
Like a lot of boys his age, he was underdeveloped in his words but knew enough. Billy then snatched my phone from my back pocket and began to run away with it. I understood what set him off now. 

I was quick to grab the phone back and was just about fuming with anger. I work with children for a living (I am now in school to be a CPS worker), I have to be patient and if I yelled at him, I would get fired. 

I place my phone in my pocket again and put the boy on the seat.

Me: DO. NOT. MOVE.

As I said, I was pretty damn pissed, I opened the door and waved my coworker down, we stood in the open doorway, so we had access to all the children and I told her what happened (assault and theft lol) and told her to call our Boss. She opened the daycare in the early 2000s and has built it up to what it is.

My coworker agreed imminently, and I waited in the hall with the boy again. Who was repeatedly trying to get off the chair and was screaming and crying, so much to the point, a carer from a neighboring class came out to see if everything was okay. I was kinda embarrassed, I did not want to be dealing with this and was just praying for my Boss to show up. 

Soon enough, I heard the click of her heels and felt a wave of relief fall over me.

Boss: Hey (my name), how can I help you? 

I quickly explain everything that happened and from the moment she heard about Billy pulling down the girl's skirt, she was hooked. She thanked me for my time and patience with this child and told me she was proud of me for keeping my cool. I was significantly younger than all of my other coworkers, and at this point, I had only been working at the daycare for a few weeks. And oh yeah, I forgot to mention...this was my first time ever having to execute serious discipline on a child other than a warning or stern talking to. It was my first time using the time-out chair in the hallway. I’m honestly surprised I didn’t quit after this, cause current me would have quit after Billy pulled down the girls skirt! Because oh boy…

At pick up time, I was standing outside walking kids to their parents. When I felt a tap on my shoulder, my boss stood there was a look on her face I had never seen before or after this day. My boss was a cheerful woman who can keep her cool under any situation ever, this woman could debate with an idiot on the planet and keep her calm, including antivaxxers, like this woman is a goddamn saint! 

Boss: sigh, i need to speak with you...about the events that happened with Billy (last name) today.
I was scared of what I would walk into when we approached her office. 

The door opened, and I was thrown into the motherfucking lion's den. 

EP: HOW DARE YOU ACCUSE MY CHILD OF THESE BLATANT LIES

This woman is a good inch from my face, on her breath, I can smell tobacco and cheese. I wanted to kill myself right then and there. I knew how this was gonna go…

Boss: EP please, refrain from shouting at my employees, take a seat.

The three of us sat down, and in the corner of the room, there was a woman typing down a transcript of the meeting, a policy of my boss' that I love. Such a good idea, especially because children are involved. 

I was shaking and sweating, I was so nervous, this woman’s presence made me feel like jello, I wasn’t exactly afraid of her, it was more or less my instincts were kicking in telling me I was in danger and needed to RUN. My stomach was hurting and I could feel a migraine coming on from all the stress and anxiety. 
Boss: (my name), can you please tell me the reasons why you felt need to take disciplinary measures on Billy?

I then rattled off the offenses the child did, and when I finished the EP was staring at me with a confused look on her face. 

EP: are you accusing my three-year-old of sexual assault?????

Me: no? 

EP: THEN WHY ARE YOU SAYING HE PULLED DOWN A GIRLS SKIRT?!?!?!?!

She was standing and leaning into my face again. 
Boss: SIT DOWN!

Me: I am not ‘saying’ he pulled down her skirt because he did. I know there was no sexual nature behind it, he is three years old, but what he did is inappropriate, he violated her space and touched someone without permission.

EP: So you’re telling me that children need to consent to be touched?!?!?!?

At this point, I was staring at my boss with a look of the pure terror...this mother...I was flabbergasted at her logic, or lack there fucking of. WHAT. THE. FUCK. I genuinely was struck with confusion and was speechless. 

Boss: so, if the girl had pulled down your sons pants, you would be okay with it. 

EP: WHAT?!?!?!? ABSOLUTELY NOT! THAT IS NOT OKAY!

Me: then what makes it okay for your son to do it to her?

EP was backed into a corner, she just screwed herself.

EP: why was that little girl wearing a skirt anyway? He was probably just curious as to what was under it!

Don’t get me wrong, I understand that kids do weird shit and are curious enough to do something like this, but...this parents behavior is...insanely ridiculous. 

Me: that doesn’t make what he did okay, i had to teach him that what he did was wrong.

I wanted so badly to add: because you clearly have not. 

EP: my son has never done anything wrong before! He is such a good boy!
 
Now, this...is some bullshit. This is a three-year-old child, and any adult knows that three-year-olds are fucking awful and amazing at the same time, but they are naughty and break rules, which is okay because that is part of learning, no wonder the boy behaved the way he did when I disciplined him. He had never been disciplined a day before in his fucking life! I feel so bad for him, because of his mother, he will never learn the difference between right and wrong, it's so awful. 

Boss: at home, when your son breaks a rule, what do you do?

EP: he says sorry and then gets a reward for apologizing. 

My boss about fucking lost it, yes, you should have your child apologize for breaking a rule...but there is so much more than that! Good god. 

Boss: Well, we met on Wednesday, you agreed to our disciplinary methods, if you no longer agree, you will have to take your child to another daycare.

I can tell that my boss just wants to make her leave as much as I do. 

EP: NO! NO! NO! (I'm not even kidding, she shouted no three times with like a two-second pause between each no) My son needs to stay at this daycare, it’s the best daycare in town and is in my budget! 

I roll my eyes at her, thankfully, she didn’t see. I am done with this woman, she is so...dumb. I would say that she’s antivaxxer, but it was required your child(ren) be vaccinated to go to our daycare, and you have to provide evidence, thank god.

Boss: I don’t see what your issue is ma’am. You want your child to go to our daycare, but you do not agree to something in our terms and service, that is not how it works. You signed your name, and we both have a copy of the contract. 

EP: BUT MY SON DID NOTHING WRONG!

She keeps going from talking in a small voice to screaming at the top of her lungs, it was startling every time and my anxiety was through the roof, I wanted to leave, but I had not been dismissed yet. 

Me: yes he did! He did multiple things wrong, he pulled down a girls skirt, shouted at me, refused discipline, hit me, and stole my cell phone from my pocket because he wanted to play on it. 

EP: Well did you?

Me: what? 

EP: did you let him play on your phone?

Me: no.

EP: WHY NOT?!?!

Me: because a) he was being punished, and b) he had stolen it from me-

She cuts me off.

EP: Well if you had just let him play on it in the first place, he wouldn’t have done anything wrong. 

Oh, i see, i fucking see. She just sticks him in front of the screen and leaves him to fend for himself because she doesn’t want to deal with him. My soul was about to leave my body i was so pissed.
 
Me: it’s against the rules for us to let the children have our phones, and there were plenty of activities for him to do in the classroom, from tv to toys, to iPads, but he chose to pull down a girl’s skirt instead. 

EP: well did the girl do something to him to make him want to get back at her?

Me: get back at her?!

I’ll be honest, I lost my cool. 

Me: that is no way to raise a child, justice is served by the justice system, in this case, that would have been me and the other carer in the room. If that little girl had done anything to him, he should have said something to an adult, so it could be handled properly, he is not to take it into his own hands, and even so, what he did is not at all justice, in adult life, that would be sexual assault, and I’m sure that little girls mother isn’t gonna be too happy to hear about this, because by law, we have to report the incident to her! Your son did something wrong, and you need to accept that. 

After i said this to EP, she began to cry and shout profanities, calling me every name in the book, and clearly noticed the lesbian flag pin on my shirt, because she also called me various homophobic slurs. I was asked by my boss to just head on home. 

Apparently, the little girl's mother was reporting the incident to police, I think it was out of concern for Billy and that she wanted his home life to be investigated by CPS, which is pretty reasonable in my opinion. The next day, Billy was gone, and the girl was there, in good spirits, and clearly not affected by what Billy had done. I had given her an ice cream sandwich from the breakroom freezer because she fucking deserved it. 

My boss also did not ever scold me for how i spoke to that EP and never brought up what happened ever again. I would go on to work at the daycare for many more months and have many more EP experiences, and one day, i might just share those too! I hope you enjoyed reading this, and I’m sorry there wasn’t more of a conclusion, life is just like that sometimes lol, have a wonderful day!!
Remember: having children is a choice. And if you chose to have children, research how to raise them first :) 

TLDR: EK pulls down girls skirt at daycare, and his entitled mother tries to defend his actions. /nFirstly, I'd like to thank you all for the great feedback on my other sordid tales from my past (EB aka Entitled Brother using his kids to screw me out of money, The Great Dim Sum Incident of 2013™ aka TGDSI2K13, and the Great Life Insurance Scandal aka TGLIS). These posts aren't a means to gloat, but they're a form of therapy that is a lot more affordable than seeing a shrink. My work benefit package kinda sucks that way. 

It's pretty clear I have some unresolved issues. 

Those of you who have read TGLIS will be interested to know this incident follows shortly afterward, probably about a year and a half later. Should also note, I'm a fairly new Redditor and these stories are not always in chronological order unless stated otherwise. 

So... after the dust settled a bit, the godawful task of settling the estate was next. 

Dad was a very hardworking man, and despite his faults (hey, we all have them, and if you believe otherwise, you're a goddamn liar) he managed to provide for a family of six with a roof over our heads, good food on the table and the creature comforts that we all sometimes take for granted. When he and Mom passed, they left us two kids (EB and myself) with a considerable sum, with the intention to give us a comfortable head start in life. It wasn't a staggering amount by today's standards, but definitely enough for a starter home for each of us (this was well before the housing crisis came to be).

I was newly married, and felt the best way to handle this newfound inheritance was to invest in a modest home free and clear, pay off all commercial debt (thankfully my husband and I are good that way and didn't have much consumer debt) and a vehicle to replace my little jalopy. There was even enough to put a downpayment on a vehicle for hubby. Despite my parents being gone, I was in a good place, all things considered. I didn't care if I didn't have two nickels to rub together; we were both working FT and had a house fully paid for.

EB received the same amount. He, too, decided to invest in a new home and a new-used vehicle. Very smart use of his portion. Or so I thought. 

About 6 months later, I received a disturbing phone call from EB, saying he was broke and needed money. I was incredulous. He was also looking for a new place to live. What happened to his house? 

Then the bomb was dropped. He admitted he had given up his house to foreclosure. Instead of buying his place outright, he instead placed a 10% downpayment and decided to mortgage the rest. This tactic will work only if you don't mind losing a shit ton of money to interest, AND if you intend to, you know, *make your mortgage payments*. He had neither. 

After being notified by the bank about his sad state of affairs, he was given an incredible gift: because EB was a new homeowner, the bank was willing to make a one-time concession - pay two months of outstanding mortgage payments up front, and the rest would be tacked onto the amortization period. 

Seriously, that shit never happens. It was a gift from some unseen entity that took pity on this piece of shit. 

And you know what he said? "Nah, take the house."

TAKE THE HOUSE. 

So he was able to sell the house for a 3k profit, and then decided to rent some shitty apartment, where he remains to this day. I don't know where his money went, and it's really none of my business, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't curious. 

So you're probably asking where the entitlement comes in.

EB: I'm short rent. 

Me: Oh, this again? 

EB: This is serious. We're going to be evicted if I can't come up with rent by end of week. 

SIL aka sister in law (screeching in the background): SHE OWES US MONEY! 

**sigh**

I should backtrack a bit. When the estate was settled, I petitioned for a small portion of EB's share (about 10k), to cover the following items, among other things: 

- cleaning out the family home, including performing repairs to prepare the house for sale; 

- arranging for both funeral services since EB went AWOL; 

- my paying for both grave markers out of pocket since EB refused to pitch in for what dad's policy couldn't cover; 

- my paying for legal fees in relation to the execution of both wills and settling the estate. 

I should note that EB, in a moment of clarity, agreed to this arrangement without hesitation, even though I made it very clear that he was under no obligation. I thought that would be the end of it. 

SIL wouldn't have it. She accused me of stealing from EB his 'rightful share' and that I had 'such nerve' to be so selfish to DEMAND money from them when it was 'totally undeserved'. This coming from the same woman who paraded through my parents' home on the day of mom's funeral, pointing out shit she wanted. 

I jokingly bet my husband that EB would go through his inheritance within a year while hubby said 6 months. I still owe him a fancy steak dinner since I lost the bet. 

Anyway, back to the rent story, all I could do was tell EB that I simply couldn't afford to pay his rent since I had tuition to pay for (and that my husband can't stand him but I didn't tell him that). He didn't end up getting evicted, so he either found another sucker, or he had the money squirreled away and was just trying to find a way to get more money out of me. SIL will make a sniping comment now and then about how "well off" we are at their expense (she still claims that their financial downfall is somehow my fault as opposed to their atrocious money handling skills). The most important thing is they never did get kicked out, but I'm still dumbfounded and appalled at how this whole shitstorm played out. 

I honestly wish I COULD say that these stories are fabricated but sadly, they are not. And even more sadly, there's more in that tiny library I call a brain. May post more later. 

Thanks for reading./nHi everyone, I'm on phone, English is decent, yada yada yada

Background: This is a story about my 18 th birthday celebrations. This takes place in India. To make my birthday special, we decided to dine at Barbecue nation, a really great place. So this is how the place works. There are Barbecue Grills in the middle of each table, and a little flag. When you raise the flag, the staff starts bringing you BBQ on those sticks (dunno what they're called). And when you put it down, they stop, and you can have a buffet style main course. So, since the place is usually full, you have to book online in advance and give vegetarian/non vegetarian preferences for the BBQ. You could also book the place for special occasions. 

Skip this paragraph if you're in a hurry. It's not required, but you can understand the EMs point of view better. So in the ancient Vedic systems, there were occupational groups, like the occupations required for an economy to function. These were non hereditary, and with these systems, every ancient Indian settlement was an economy of it's own. But after centuries of social degradation, they turned into the so called hereditary occupational caste system. So as for me, my ancestors were vegetarian, teetotaler priest-teachers and I'm a non vegetarian atheist, lol. (Sry ancestors :-)

So back to the story

I, my dad, mom, my uncle and his fiance were sitting at a table. I, my uncle, his fiance are hardcore non vegetarians, my dad is eats non vegetarian but prefers vegetarian, my mom is pure vegetarian. I, and my to be aunt are atheists while mom, dad and uncle are Hindus, none of them are zealots, and are very modern and never force their religion down others throats. 

We have checked our reservation and settled down, and our conversation is multilingual, switching between English and Marathi as per convenience. The waiter brings in our initial BBQ 😋😋

Time to meet the cast
Me- Mort l'entitlementa
Dad-dad
Mom-mom
U- uncle
F- uncle's fiancee
EM- duh
NH- nice husband
NK- Nice kid
W- waiter
M- manager

The EP and , NK, and NH were on a table beside us, and was fussing over one thing or another since we came. So as I took the first BBQ, (chicken I assume), she came over to us and tapped my dad on the shoulder.

EM: excuse me

Dad: yes?

EM: what is that may I ask *points towards mutton BBQ*

Dad: uh, barbecue?

EM: can you please not eat non vegetarian food sitting beside us?

Now, I'm trying to ignore the lady and get some food inside me, I'm starving, when she lunges ahead and knocks it outta my hand.

Me: WTF?

EM: you ungrateful child! I just stopped you from sinning, you should thank me!

I try to say something but she ignores me, and speaks to my dad 

EM: you shouldn't pass your sinning habits to your child you (Untranslatable no no word). He should be raised in a godly way.

*Here we go*

Dad: SHUT UP , BITCH. WHY DON'T YOU LEAVE MY FAMILY ALONE AND FUCK OFF? I PAID TO BE HERE AND I WILL EAT WHATEVER I WANT.

EM *turns to my mom*: As a woman, you shouldn't tolerate your husband's sinning! You should divorce him and raise him yourself.

Mom: lady, don't tell me how to raise my kids. This is a free country, and I'll eat whatever I want (my mom, the darling she is, almost never swears)

Now, we had started eating in earnest and very soon, the first servings had disappeared despite her objections. As the waiter came with second servings, she knocked them out of his hand *WHAT AN OUTRAGEOUS WASTE OF GOOD BARBECUE*

Now, I'm furious. One thing you should know about me is that I don't follow any religion, but am interested in the mythology and history of all of them, and have read not just the Hindu scriptures but also the Bible and the Torah for pleasure reading. 

Me: if u're so into religion, why are you spilling food, you bitch? Doesn't your religion say that food is as precious as the God who created the world?

She has no answer to this. Now, NH steps in and takes her back amid renewed shouting. He promises to pay us back before leaving, and we trust this guy. So we get yet another serving if BBQ, after which comes the funny part ;-) My dad orders drinks for the adults ( I was not yet allowed, drinking age is 21, tho voting is 18) including uncle's fiance. 

The drinks arrive and then the EM looks wide eyed as F drinks her alchohol. Before either NH or NK could restrain her, she comes over to our table, and sweeps the glass from F's hand. The glass falls and shatters. We we're lucky that F didn't get hurt. EM started screaming about how F was a minor, and shouldn't be allowed to drink, and tries to slap her,when my uncle, who's a big man catches her hand and pushes her back forcefully. They begin a screaming match. Now, F does have a baby face and is shorter than I am, but she certainly doesn't look like a minor as she's just an year younger than U. 

Finally, Em says the magic words

I WANT TO SEE THE MANAGER!

U: NO, I WANT TO SEE THE MANAGER.

The manager comes, and she begins a rant about how my family was corrupting me, how my father was sexually abusing me and my sister (she thought F was my sister, WTF) and how F was a minor , an alcoholic hoe who shouldn't be allowed to drink, and how we had thrown a alchohol glass at her. Now, F is on the verge of tears she's quite faint hearted. F shows M her ID with shaking hands, and the security footage proved that the EM was talking bs. So, instead of paying only us for our BBQ serving, she'd have to pay the hotel for the glass she shattered. 

When she realized this, she bolted for the door, leaving NK and NH behind. NH paid for all the expenses while NK apologized. M called mall security and EM was caught. We did press charges, and the EM is locked up in a mental institution somewhere, while I got a free birthday cake and coupons from the hotel for all my troubles, so yay!

TLDR: religious EM stops us from eating BBQ at a BBQ restaurant, spills our drinks, breaks stuff, gets arrested.

EDIT: So, thanks for the feedback,guys. I'll just clear some confusions. First, the police do come when called in Mumbai for destruction of private property and female harassment. Secondly, about the EPs insanity- It was the restaurant owner who pressed charges for destruction of property and we just went along with harassment. The EP tried to plead insane in order to delay the verdict. As you might know, such people have to undergo psychological evaluation to determine if they're insane or not, and this Ep got more than what she bargained for, and was actually diagnosed with some kind of anti social disorder, and that is why she was put in a mental institution, because of her own stupidity to plead insanity, not because of us.

I'll appreciate feedback in the comments,guys. Thanks./nThis story has no dialogue, because my computer broke. 

This happened around 2 hours ago, and I'm going to tell everything about it, as you should know it is father's Day tomorrow, and me and 2 brothers set off to a nearby shop to get a gift. After getting our cards, we went to a café to get my father some cheese and a red velvet cake.


It was a small building and there was around 4 tables, we sat on one after we got the cheese and the cake. Later a family went in: EM looked around 40, and the two children looked around 10. The em and her two 10ish year old kids waiting for service. 

Unfortunately, the shop ran out of the cake they wanted, lucky me right, there was a wide selection of cakes in the shop, and the family wanted the cake that just ran out. The clerk said that they ran out of that type of cake, and they can make more tomorrow, and it was the last day to get gifts, the clerk suggested that they could go to another shop.

The Em was visibly annoyed, we were right behind her, she looked back and saw our cake, the last red velvet cake in the shop, she said: Hey! How have they got that cake?, my older brother replied: This is the last one. The cake was in middle of our table, the two entitled Kids were crying in the background saying: "But we want that cake". 

The kids were kicking the counter. The EM reached to our table and took the cake. Opened the front door, and ran off, we called the police, told everyone that there was a cake eating monster running around the town, we told the manager, and they were eventually caught, the em was forced to hand back the cake, and she was arrested for attempted theft. 

The kids apologized, and waited until their grandparents picked them up. 

I know this is a short one, 

Thanks for reading/nI travel about two hours a day for work so I've encountered plenty of entitled parents and children. 

Cast- 

EM: Extra Mayo
NK: Nickelodeon 
Me: me, sadly. 

This happened on my way to work this morning. For anyone that doesn't know, the morning rush is called "super dense crush load" by analysts because there's about 16 people per cubic meter packed in the train. 

I got on a train that originated at my station and therefore got a window seat in the women's compartment.

A woman and her child (I'm assuming she was around 5) got on just before the train left 10 minutes later, which had already gotten crowded. She and her child made their way up to the aisle where I was seated. She tells her kid to go up and stand next to my window. 

The kid seemed really sweet so I offered her to sit on my lap for the journey - who would want to stand in the crowd for an hour? She declined and said she preferred standing so she could look out the window. No biggie, I made more space for her to lean against my seat and put my earphones back in. I could see the EM muttering to herself but didn't bother listening in to what she was saying- I assumed she was upset with the morning crowd. 

She kept talking though, and looking in my direction, so I paused my music and left the earphones in so I could eavesdrop. She was actually complaining loudly about me. So I took out my earphones and smiled at her and asked if something was wrong. **big mistake** 

EM: you should stand up and let me sit, I have a child with me. 

Me: I'm sorry I have to get up at the last stop and I'm not giving up my seat. I did offer to let NK sit on my lap though. 

EM: But I'm tired too. I'm getting pushed around by the crowd. 

Me: All the trains are crowded in the morning we can't help it. 

(At this point, the woman next to me offered her seat to EM just to keep her quiet)

EM: no I don't want your seat I want **hers** (pointing at me) 

Me: you're not having it, sorry. 
(I put my earphones back in and stared out the window for the next few stops)

At this point, another woman managed to push her way into the aisle. She was pregnant,  I assumed so by the roundness of her belly and the way she was protectively holding a hand against it. Might have been around 4/5 months along? I got up to let her sit because she was getting off earlier than me and well... because she was pregnant. NK shuffled a bit to let us move and then went back to her leaning position. 

EM: why did you do That? 

Me: (innocently) do what? 

EM: you pushed my child to let that woman sit. That was my seat. 

Me: I'm sorry if NK had to move a bit but the woman is pregnant and getting off earlier than us. Let her sit for awhile? 

EM then goes on an entire tirade: "you can't treat me like this my husband is a politician I'll have you arrested for assaulting my child. You're discriminating against me. Just because that woman got knocked up doesn't mean I don't need to sit" yada yada. She was now yelling at anyone who made eye contact with her or was nearby. She made a lot of personal comments on my attire and other factors. Several slurs with regards to my skin tone as well. I ignored it all because I don't need this first thing in the morning before work. 

She must have caused quite a commotion because a lady cop got on at a later station after some of the rush died down and asked her to get off the train with her. Somebody must have been annoyed enough to call the helpline. Her and NK were taken off the train, along with Pregnant lady whose stop it was anyway. 

I got my window seat back and had a nice view of her being taken to the stationmaster's Cabin. It was pretty satisfying imo.



Edit: a lot of people seem to be asking/discussing, so... 

1. This happened in Mumbai, India. 

2. I'm a girl.

3. As far as I know, nobody thinks it's creepy to let a kid sit on your lap on these crowded trains. But not everyone will offer/ask. 

4. I grew up sitting on women's laps in crowded trains too so I *really* didn't think anything wrong about it. I'm sorry if anyone got the wrong idea here.

5. We have women+children only coaches for safety. 3 coaches per 12-coach train (one coach that changes back to general admittance between 11pm and 5 / 5.30am)/nI was diagnosed with Asperger’s at a young age, and to be fair, I was a bit of a shithead, however I was not usually a bad kid either.

So, when I was around 6, we had (and still do) a neighbour, whom we’ll call EM (entitled mother). Her husband seems alright, and to be honest I feel quite bad for him. Also, the child who I was friends with for a while (we’ll call her kid as she wasn’t really entitled).

So, me and the kid were technically friends, but we didn’t get along. I, for whatever reason, would lose my temper really easily, and we would push each other around. Anyway, we never caused any great harm to each other aside from that. Now, as stated before, I have autism and at the time had an obsession with Casper the Ghost and would constantly ask to be called Casper (I am female, btw).

Anyway, I was not a bad kid, just struggled to maintain my emotions at time, and lacked a lot of social awareness. Apart from this, I have a good heart in many aspects (I like to think I do, at least). So, EM has had quite a lot of problems with my family, even now. She is the type of lady to wear denim jackets and dye/cut her hair to seem as if she is 20 years younger than what she is. 

She also has a horrid personality, from what I know. I remember once, I had a really petty argument with Kid, and decided I no longer wanted to hang out at my house. So, I was watching TV (cartoon network or CBeebies, that kinda thing) and then EM comes in and demands I turn the TV Off, while yelling at me for falling out with kid. I start crying, and then she accuses me of “faking” my tears? Anyway, that was just one incident.

This one is far worse: so, remember how I had an obsession with Casper? Well, I actually only heard about this story from my Mum last year I think. My Mum was outside the playground when I was about 6, and waiting to collect me from school at the end of the day. The other parents were all there, and then EM, along with her little gang of Karen’s, comes along to CONFRONT my Mum (who was standing on her own, minding her own business). EM says to my Mum something along the lines of “your daughter seems to have an obsession with ghosts/death. That’s weird) as she looks at the other parents for assurance. This part breaks my heart, because my poor Mum went home and cried :(

Besides, having an obsession with a cartoon character isn’t even that abnormal. 

EM has done quite a few more entitled things, such as causing my father to get rid of his motorbike, because apparently it was too “loud”for her in the mornings, despite the fact that it never woke anyone in our household (obviously closer to the garage) up. She also accused my father of looking at her though the window when she was in her stupid hottub, and has sent us multiple letters threatening police involvement. 
She’s just a bitch, in my opinion, who seems to dislike our family for whatever reason. Unfortunately, we still live next to her.

Also, this might seem over dramatic and cliched, but I can assure you, it is the hard truth. Some neighbours just suck.

Update: After asking my parents about the letters, it turns out they were addressed to the council, not the police, and it may have been from other people as well as our neighbour. However, she still definitely complained, more often than anyone else and has tried to make our lives difficult as soon as she moved. Her selfish actions still led to the motorbike being sold nonetheless.

Also, I really did not expect this much overwhelming  support. I feel better than I have in a while, and it feels really good to know that this many people are on my side. :)/nHey guys. So I always thought that the entitled parent thing only really happened with young kids...no. That’s not the case. 

Wife and I just went to the rodeo to see a concert and eat some food that we would inevitably regret later. (Cardi B. Not a fan but the wife is) anyway, you have to take a bus to the actual rodeo because of the various parking places. 

EP- entitled parent W-Wife Me- the sarcastic asshole. 

We are standing on the bus waiting for the stop to get off, and EP keeps staring at my wife’s hand. My wife is way to nice and started a conversation. I won’t go into a dialogue chat because tbh I don’t remember it word for word, however, it went along something like this:

Wife and EP started talking (wife initiated it because she felt uncomfortable with the starring from the lady) and eventually it got to the topic of my wife’s wedding ring. (we just got married in May.) 

Ep told my wife that she loves her ring. And then asks to see it. My wife looks at me for help and I, being firmer in nature, say I’m sorry but that’s not appropriate. We don’t know you. Basically the stuff anyone would say when a random ass person asks to see your wedding ring. 

Keep in my mind, my wife still has it on her finger when EP FaceTimes her daughter. She basically zooms in on my wife’s hand and asks if she likes the set. The daughter says yeah it’s cute and the mom basically does a “okay thanks bye” and hangs up the phone. 

This I do remember word for word because I’m pretty sure my eyebrows hit the ceiling. “Give me your wedding ring because my daughters boyfriend wants to propose but can’t afford one.” 

I looked at her and I swear I laughed for a solid 10 seconds before I realized she was serious. My wife was looking at me like “who is this bitch?” And I was just overall surprised by the woman. 

I kid you not this woman reached over and grabbed my wife’s hand. My wife made a fist (so that she couldn’t get the ring), and I pushed the woman’s hand off of my wife and told her that was enough. She started to scream and people were staring but my wife told the people what was going on and they turned around. (No one thought to help???) Anyway the woman persisted to try and get the ring some more and she looked at us and said “you can obviously afford it. I’m trying to make my babies dream come true” or some shit like that. 

I finally told her if she puts her hand on my wife again she’s going to catch an attempted robbery charge as well as an assault charge. She moved through the bus but not before I screamed that she is trying to steal things from people so they should watch out. She made the bus driver stop somewhere random so she could get off. 

That was the weirdest shit that’s ever happened to me. 

Edit; thanks for the silver! I’m not sure what it means because I just don’t but everyone gets super excited when they see it on their post. So thanks so much because I feel reddit honored asf. /nThis happened a while ago so it's a bit vague.

So I was catching a flight to Japan for skiing from Singapore (it cost quite a bit) and i arranged to sit by the emergency exit so I could get more leg room. I also booked another seat for my friend. We were looking forward to going on our plane as it was his first time flying. As i got on the plane i find my seat with EP (entitled parent) and EB (entitled boyfriend or husband I chose bf cos she never getting married). I kindly ask "do you mind these are your seats you might be sitting in the wrong seat." They then proceeded to beg as they had a "sprained ankle" and started to try and guilt trip me. They then said, "you can sit in our seats if you want?"

Their seats were cramped. I said no and she flicked her hair and continued to talk to EB.. They would not move. I had to get the flight attendant to come over and they lied saying they pay for them. I showed the flight attendant my boarding pass and the EP and EB were still faffing on about how they need it. A long story short the flight attendant said they were gonna call the security and they got out of our seats. As they did they cursed at us and my friend and i laughed the whole way. (we still got dirty looks from them as we got off the plane!) Also throughout all of this EP kept showing her baby to my face thinking that she deserved it as she had a minor. That kid cried the whole time lol. it was not very epic!

sry if this is not as action-packed as other posts but i thought it was worth sharing

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edit: Omg guys thanks so much! i got a gold thingy?! i cant thank u guys enough sry my post is not as action packed as others/nThis is LONG, and it’s a crazy ride, but I can’t even TL;DR aside from that title...

Okay so first, I have three daughters. At the time this happened, they were 3 (almost 4, [L], 6 [N], and 9 [C]. My sister [ES] at the time had two daughters, aged almost 4 and 7 (our younger two are two weeks apart, this started just before her daughter’s birthday).

Some minor backstory: [ES]’s kids have two fathers. Her elder daughter [N1] has a sperm donor who is a multiple-time felon and was in prison when she was born, and the lies about her dad got outed to her when she was like 3, out of the blue; it kinda did a number on her psychologically. It also didn’t help that her mother LITERALLY didn’t put her down for the first year and a half of her life; she pulled her swing into the bathroom when she showered, and [N1] would take all of her naps on her mother’s chest. When she would come to visit, [ES] would announce that it was [N1]’s nap time, settle into the arm chair in the living room, and for the next hour and a half no one could make a sound...including my own infant daughter (seven months younger).

Her younger one [N2] was born with massive health issues, resulting in being transported as an infant to Boston for emergency surgery, two weeks in the NICU, and three abdominal surgeries by about eight weeks old. So, [ES] kinda disappeared one day on [N1], “I’m off to have a baby and we’ll be a family,” and then she didn’t come home for weeks. Also screwed with [N1]’s head. (Admittedly not completely [ES]’s fault but still...)

Okay, so this was summer of 2011. My girls and I had a great apartment...but with crap neighbors and a worse landlord. He decided that because I needed things fixed, I was a bad tenant, and after pulling some illegal moves, he evicted me (without cause, he told the judge he “just wanted to rent to college students.”) The judge gave me two weeks to move out, I needed to pack house in that time, and also to find a NEW apartment within my (insanely low) price range. And as I packed...my kids UNpacked, so nothing was happening.

Enter [ES]. My kids often spent time with her and her kids, two states over, because they were close in age and she had a big-ish house on a huge plot of land in the country (actually our family’s land, next door to where our mother had grown up and above the hill from where she and I had been born). I usually sent them to spend a week or two every summer with her, because the break was great for all of us. When I told her my frustrations regarding the move, she offered to take them earlier than planned, and in fact to keep them for a few weeks while I got settled into the new place and unpacked, as I had finally found a place, but it was currently being renovated due to water damage by the previous owners.

Before they went to her, [N] and [L] spent a few days with their dad’s mom [GL], who lived across town from us, and who fostered several children. While there, [N] had been roughhousing with the other kids, and had slammed into the baby’s playpen, waking him up. [GL]’s dog, an annoying little terrier, was SUPER protective of these kids, ESPECIALLY the baby, so he started nipping at [N], and actually scratched her cheek with his tooth, breaking skin. I got a call about it, but was told it was a minor thing, and [GL] had cleaned it up, she was fine. Okay.

The next day, I’d arranged for my ex-husband’s mom to drive the girls to [ES]’s house, since I had no car ([C] was to follow a week or so later, as we planned for them to be there for about two or three weeks.) She picked them up from [GL], brought them to my house to pick up their clothes etc, which my mom (Psycho Mom, or [PM]) had kind of thrown together for them. The kids didn’t even get out of the car. I saw [N]’s face but didn’t think a TON of it, although I wasn’t happy; it wasn’t pretty but it didn’t look too serious.

While I got them situated with their things, [ES] called. She reminded me that I needed to send along a note granting her medical permissions to treat my kids, along with their insurance cards. “Just write ‘I (my name) grant [ES] temporary custody of [N] and [L] as of July 12, 2011,’ or something,” she told me. Now, I had always sent this note with them, and NEVER had it even OCCURRED to either of us to word it that way, and it set off all kinds of weird alarms when she said it that way. “No, there’s no need for all that. I know how I have to write it, I’ve done it enough times, don’t worry. Besides, there’s no way I’d write something giving ANYONE custody of them, not that it’d be legally binding anyway since there’s a court order with their dad and me!” She kinda laughed it off, but it stuck with me.

The kids got there that night around 7:30, and [ES] immediately called and was flipping about [N]’s cheek. She was cursing out [GL], cursing the dog, the whole nine yards. I told her I was pretty pissed too, but it didn’t seem overly severe, just to keep an eye on it. She agreed she would.

The next morning, she called and said that [N]’s cheek was looking a bit puffy and red, and she was starting to worry. I told her that she should get it checked if she was worried, and she said she would after work. That afternoon, she took her in to an Urgent Care I guess, and got her treated. She had developed cellulitis in the wound, and according to [ES], the doctor had claimed that she should have had stitches in it, “but it was too late by then, too much time had passed...” I barely got to speak to the girls because “they’re busy playing.”

Almost every time I called, the kids were busy. I barely got to speak to them, and their father even less so.

Meanwhile, my apartment was supposed to be ready in a week. The landlord “lent” me a one-bedroom in the meantime, and my stuff was stored in the apartment while they repaired it. But after a week, I was told it would be ANOTHER week, and also I was moved to a DIFFERENT apartment because that one got rented. This kept happening... A week turned into two, turned into nearly a MONTH.

I hadn’t seen my kids in this entire time, [ES] didn’t have Skype or anything so that I could video chat them even, and they were constantly busy whenever I called so I barely spoke to them, and their father even less (he and [ES] had never liked each other). [ES] NEVER called US, at any point.

One day, I called to talk to her, and she told me that [N2] and [L] (both only around 4!) were upstairs in the bathtub, while [N] and [N1] were out back playing. She was having a beer. She and I chatted about a number of things, including that [L] had had trouble sleeping, and that [ES] had repeatedly given her Children’s Benadryl to put her to sleep, “I use it on my kids all the time, there’s nothing wrong with it.” I told her that it was bullshit, “Don’t drug my fucking kids, that’s not okay. I have never drugged my kids, what the fuck!” She popped open her second beer. We talked a bit about growing up with Psycho Mom among other things, and she began demanding that I write a book about my life, “people need to hear about it!” She was by then on at least Beer #3, and had begun slurring slightly. “Promise me you’ll fucking write a book, fucking swear that shit to me!”

This entire time, the pair of almost-4-year-olds was still in the bathtub upstairs, unsupervised, which the 6 and 7-year-olds were under the supervision of the 9-year-old, [C], who had arrived a day or so earlier.

Over an hour on this call, and I wasn’t able to speak to my children once, but I learned that my daughter was being given unnecessary medications for [ES]’s convenience, that [N1] had made some deeply concerning comments relating to possible suicidal thoughts, and that my kids were left unsupervised while she day drank.

And my apartment was still not ready. I spoke with the girls’ father, [KD], who was fed up. “I don’t care if it is or not, they need to come home. They’ve been gone long enough. We can make it work until your place IS done, they can stay with you during the day while I’m at work and then stay with me nights, whatever. But they need to come home.” I agreed. It had been nearly a month, and [L]’s birthday was fast approaching.

I called [ES] to tell her about this, to tell her that we wanted them home, and she EXPLODED. “THAT’S NOT HAPPENING! THEY’VE BEEN HERE THIS LONG, I HAVE RIGHTS NOW! THEY’RE NOT GOING ANYWHERE! I WON’T LET YOU TAKE THEM! YOU’RE NOT EVEN FIT, YOU DON’T HAVE A HOME FOR THEM OR ANYTHING, PLUS YOU HAVE FUCKING MENTAL ISSUES!” I pointed out that their father wanted them home, and that we had joint custody, and he had a home for them. “HE ISN’T FIT, HE NEVER HAS BEEN, HE’S FUCKING USELESS! NEITHER ONE OF YOU HAS EVER BEEN ANY KIND OF FUCKING PARENT, YOU AREN’T GONNA JUST TAKE THEM UNTIL I SAY SO!”

I was livid by now, and I called Psycho Mom regarding it. She immediately began echoing the things that [ES] had said, and how I wasn’t a good enough mom, how their dad was useless, etc. I told [PM] I was done with her at that point.

The next day, their dad and I began making plans to get the kids. We decided that we BOTH needed to be present, in case of any kind of confrontation, which meant that we would need two separate vehicles, as neither of us drove, and there were three children to return home. He spoke to his brother-in-law, and I my mother-in-law, but neither of them could bring us until that Saturday. This was Thursday. I made the mistake of informing [ES] that we would be coming on Saturday, and she screamed at me that she wouldn’t let the kids go, that I wouldn’t be taking them, etc. I called the local sheriff, explained the situation, and asked that he go and check on these children, as I hadn’t even been able to speak to them for days. He informed her that “When they show up, you WILL be sending these children home with their parents, unless you have a court order signed by a judge in [her state].” 

She called me up screaming, again, because how dare I send the police to her home, who did I think I was, seven years she’d lived there and never had police at her home, and I had traumatized her babies by having cops showing up like that, etc. I told her I would see her Saturday, and hung up.

That’s when I realized what was going on. When we were kids, and she’d break her toys, especially her Barbies, she would then steal mine, as I was always more careful with mine. This was the adult version of this: instead of broken Barbies, she was trying to steal my KIDS, because in their own ways, her own were broken (mentally in [N1]’s case, and physically in [N2]’s), whereas mine were relatively healthy, and were mentally well-adjusted. It was the broken Barbies all over again.

On Friday, I had plans with a friend to go to the mall, as she was babysitting her niece but had a job interview, so had asked me to just chill with the niece for a few while she did. On the bus on the mall, [PM] called me. 
[PM]: “Whatcha doin?” 
[ME]: “I’m in [city]. Why.” 
[PM]: “Oh just wondering.” 
[ME]: “Why do you care.” 
[PM]: “Just curious, was just wondering what was up...” 
[ME]: “Nothing. I’m busy. What do you want.” She and I hadn’t spoken since the night she’d screamed at me that [ES] was right and I was a crappy mom, etc...so I was in no mood. She continued playing games, so I hung up.

Got to the mall, and my friend’s interview was over so we were all in the food court when [PM] called yet again. “What do you want.”
[PM]: “Oh, I just wanted to tell you not to waste everyone’s time going to [ES’s state] tomorrow...”
[ME]: “It’s not gonna be a waste of time to get my kids.”
[PM]: “Well it might be.”
[ME]: “They’re my kids. It won’t be a waste. Why the hell are you even saying this.”
[PM]: “Well because I’m standing on the steps of the courthouse with your sister, she has custody papers in her hand for your kids...”

I FLIPPED, right in the middle of the mall food court, and rushed into the bathroom for even the TINIEST bit of privacy to find out anything. [PM] wasn’t saying anything more, she was absolutely GLEEFUL, so I hung up on her. I called the girls’ father, [KD] at work, told them it was an emergency to get him on the line faster.

“THEY JUST GAVE AWAY OUR KIDS!” I screamed, becoming hysterical.
[KD]: “What do you mean they gave away our kids?!”
[ME]: THEY FUCKING GAVE HER OUR KIDS! SHE HAS PAPERS, THE FUCKING JUDGE JUST GAVE HER OUR KIDS!”
[KD]: “They can’t do that! What are you talking about?!”
[ME]: “THEY FUCKING DID! SHE HAS CUSTODY THEY FUCKING GAVE HER OUR KIDS!”

He flipped out as well, while I was panicking and racing to the bus stop, he rushed from work to the courthouse, while I freaked out on the bus to the point where the driver asked me to calm down, and I had to apologize to him and the other passengers. I was hysterical, though.

Once he got to the court, he literally ended up being thrown out, because the even-tempered man I knew was livid and apparently screamed at the court clerk, especially upon learning that the judge who had granted [ES] an emergency hearing  ex parte had already left for her three-week vacation, and we would not have a first appearance on the matter until the end of the month.

This was the 5th.

When I arrived, I was given the papers which [ES] had filed, which barely even MENTIONED [KD] at all, and which claimed that I slept in, and that “my 6-yo niece tells me she takes her own pills” (well of course she did, who else’s would she take!) But the pièce de résistance was the medical report about the “bite” on [N]’s face, and how supposedly neither [KD] nor I had “bothered” to seek medical attention for it. 

When I asked the court clerk about [C], who wasn’t listed in any of the papers, wasn’t even MENTIONED in them, he asked “Who?” [ES] had seemingly forgotten that I ALSO had custody of her (her father had it during the school year, but I was custodial during the summer), and while she’d gone on about how I was such a terrible mother that I shouldn’t have [N] or [L]...she had literally never even MENTIONED that there was a third child, IN my legal custody!

Somehow, the clerk didn’t find that weird...

Her father picked her up on Saturday.

[L]’s birthday was on the 10th, and the night before, I called [ES] and BEGGED for her to bring the kids to come see us, so that we could spend time with her for her birthday.

ES: “I don’t think it’s important enough that she waste six hours of her birthday in the car just to see you.”
[ME]: Please! It’s her birthday! We’ve never not been with her! Please!”
[ES]: “If it was that important, you should have prioritized getting a car sooner...” 

I cried myself to sleep, leaving my phone ringer off for a change. When I woke up, I had multiple voicemails from a very clearly drunken [PM], saying how I’m such a shitty person, I deserve this, “NOW I’m gloating, BITCH.” Etc... I ended up filing a police report and then for an order of protection against [PM]. Eventually, the cases between [ES] and [PM] were joined, but that was much later.

During the three weeks that we waited for court, [KD] wasn’t allowed ANY contact with the kids. He tried once, but was told that they were busy, and [ES] couldn’t be bothered to get them to talk to him. I barely got to speak to them once a week.

During one call, [ES] revealed that [N] was in trouble, was “in time out,” because she had apparently hit [N1]. Going further, she revealed that [N2] had BIT [L], and so [N] had shoved her or something, away from her little sister. [N1] then swung on [N] for “attacking” HER sister, and [N] hit her in self defense (remember that [N1] is the ELDEST of these four, and was a stockier build than [N] who was slight!) I asked what was being done about her daughters attacking mine, and she just skirted the question, refused to address it. So basically nothing...

The first appearance finally came, and [ES] appeared. The judge asked where the children were, and she said that she had left them back in [her state] with our aunt and her own kids, because “I didn’t think it would be that big of a deal to drag them out of bed so early...” The judge asked when the last time we had seen the kids was, and was STUNNED to learn that we HADN’T seen them since they had left the month before, that she had refused us visitation on [L]’s birthday even. She ordered that [ES] produce them at the next appearance, a week later.

Meanwhile, the CPS workers who had been to both my and [KD]’s homes to check them and determine the suitability stated that there was no reason that the children shouldn’t be home with us. The children’s law guardian however literally argued with the CPS workers, in front of the judge!

My attorney let me read the “confidential” CPS report, so long as I didn’t take it out of the courtroom, and I only had until the judge began proceedings. I didn’t get far...but far enough to learn that I “was severely mentally ill,” and that “the father of the children suffers from mental retardation,” etc. Shocking, considering that he’s a salaried manager at his job!

At the next appearance, a week later, the kids were there, and the judge reversed her previous ruling, reinstating the existing custody order that [KD] and I had. Our kids were returned to us...with literally the clothes on their backs. Everything, including the Build-a-Bear lamb that [N] had gotten for her birthday, and even their CAR SEATS, had been left back in [ES’s state], because she’d told the children “Don’t worry, you’ll be back tomorrow.” She had stayed in a hotel downtown in my city, only half a mile from me, the night prior...but I hadn’t been able to see my children. Oh, [PM] had stayed the night with them at the hotel.

During the appearance, the judge had offered [ES] the opportunity to “appear by phone” at the next appearance, and [ES] had made this entire whole speech about how it was too important, that these children are too neglected in their parents’ care, and that she would make the journey to ensure that they were properly cared for and could come home to her, etc.

The next appearance, things didn’t go any better for her than the previous one, and at that point the case against [PM] was joined. The law guardian argued with the CPS worker, making it abundantly clear that rather than representing the children’s interests and desires, as she was assigned and mandated to do, but rather was working diligently with [ES] to try to ensure she got custody returned. Eventually, the CPS supervisor had to appear and give a report to the court, because she was sick of the law guardian attempting to undermine her people, and wasting their time.

So for the NEXT appearance, [ES] appeared by teleconference. It was a FIASCO. She repeatedly interrupted the judge in order to scold her own daughters, stopped what she was saying because one of her kids needed something, etc. Over a twenty minute period, she had stopped not less than five times to deal with her kids, including literally yelling at them. All while technically in the midst of a court appearance!

The judge didn’t allow her to teleconference again.

Meanwhile, she was attempting to get an attorney to represent her in this, but because she had even less than no leg to stand on, not a single one would take the case. No attorney in [her state] who was actually able to practice in mine would touch the case, and when she came to [my city] to attempt to hire one, they all laughed her out of their offices. She showed up one day, finally bringing the girls’ belongings (over two months later!), including their car seats, and agreed to meet me to return them, on the street where all of the lawyers hang their shingles. I just snickered to myself when she told me where to meet her, as I knew why she’d be on that particular block.

All of the girls’ belongings were in a huge black trash bag, and there was no way I could carry it home myself, so I had to agree to allow her to go to the girls’ school where I had to pick them up, and then bring us home. Once there, she was all over them on the playground, following them as if they were invalids. My mom friends just stared and tried to figure out who this crazy lady was, especially as she kept referring to herself in the third person to them.

I managed to get a ride home from a friend instead of her, because at that point I didn’t even want her to know where our new home was...

At the next appearance, finally, she gave up, withdrawing her petition to seek custody. Both my attorney and [KD]’s were simultaneously filing motions to dismiss as it was...

[ES] STILL tried to contact the children, only a few days later. The judge had “strongly urged” that “given the length of time they were in her home,” that I continue to allow contact between [ES] and the kids, and she demanded that I do so right then, claiming “I have rights!”

At that point, I told her point blank that the only rights she actually had were the ones I allowed her, and encouraged her to actually look up case law regarding grandparents’ rights, etc.

She stopped even trying to call within the next couple of weeks...

Nowadays...she has no contact with my kids. And they want none with her, because they recognize that she’s absolutely INSANE.
/nJust for some background info: I’m 14 and work for my school; cleaning up and doing the scoreboard for basketball games. We have a rule no people in the hallways.

Anyway I was working with my friend when I see a group of boys go into the hallway I told them the rule and they left. They comeback again so I remind them they can’t be there. Again they leave. 

Now I see a group of girls go into the hallway (three of them were 4 and one was 8) I tell them they can’t be in the hallway unless going to the bathroom. They older of the girl said we were. I told her running up and down the hallway giving piggyback rides isn’t going to the bathroom. They huffed but left I thought that was the end but boy was I wrong.

I see the girls go back to the hallway again this time taking the artwork of the walls and playing with it ( they actually ripped one by doing so) I told them they can’t be here again and the EK said “You’re not the boss of me” I told her that it’s the school rules. On her way out she called me a fucking asshole. I was shocked that came out of her mouth.

So I went to the visiting teams coach and asked who her mother is he pointed to the EM. I went up to her and told her what she said to me and what she did to the artwork. She said my baby girl would never do that. I brought her the piece of artwork that she ripped and she asked EK if she did that she denied. 

So I did the only logical thing to do get the security footage. I showed it to the EM and said “You were harassing her she had the right to” I was blown back. I went back and forth with her until I asked the referee (who I know through my dad) to eject her. I told him what happened and he agreed. 

She was irate. Two other dads had to escort her out and she was still calling me a fucking liar. I told my boss what happened and he felt really bad for me and payed extra for my troubles. Some people have to be a next level of insane to have that mindset/n(I tried to post this earlier but I didn't have enough Karma and my account was too new)

&#x200B;

I have been watching a lot of reddit videos, read through this sub and decided to post my own experience with an EM. I am 19 now and this happend between the ages of 8 and 12. Most of it I saw myself but some things I had to hear from my parents.

&#x200B;

I was in school with this EK, let's call her Bella. Bella was the youngest kid in class but she thought she was the oldest, at least mentally. I have aspergers but that didn't stop me from acting, mostly, normal. I had weirder interests but drawing and reading Percy Jackson books don't seem to be that out of place for an 8 year old. Bella didn't like this. She wanted everyone to be like her, at least the girls. It had to be horses as your favorite animal, your favorite sport had to be horseback riding and you needed to like the books and other things she liked.

Now, I did not like her already, she called my friend's brother retarded for being severly autistic, so you can imagine what I felt back then. She used to bully me daily. She'd tell me that I was weird and stuff. Some of the things she said still hurt me to this day. She used to call me fat to the point where I actually stopped eating until my mom sat me down and I opened up. Bella was fat. I mean really fat. Bella was around 4'5 and weighed around 176 lbs,(I use kg and cm since I'm not from the US, so converted lbs and feet.) She was only 8 years old and already had DD size boobs.

One day she was bullying me and I stood up for myself, calling her a pig or a whale. She cried about it and my mom and her mom had to speak to my teacher. Bella's mom, we'll call her Karen, denied because 'her precious angel would never bully anyone especially not a "simple" person'. This did not sit well with my mom and I don't know what happend but somehow Karen and Bella ended up being friends of us. Bella stopped bullying me for some time and her mom started to eat at our house. Note that I said our since she never invited us over.

Karen's husband had cheated on her and left so one day she came over, crying her eyes out. Not long after, my granddad passed away and my dad fell into a depression and didn't go to work for sometime. This is where Karen saw her chance.

My dad started to bring me to school every day. According to other parents, Karen would take out her ponytail and style her hair with her fingers, to make herself seem more attractive to my dad, everytime she saw our car or us on bikes coming up. She would touch him on his shoulder, change her way of speaking and just the stereotypical thing you see girls in tv-shows or movies behave when they have a crush on a guy. My mom's friend told my mom this but my mom wants to hear both sides, so she asks Karen. She denied all of it, calling her friend a liar and saying that she was jealous and wanted my dad. This was nonsense since her friend is already married with pretty much a copy of my dad.

My mom broke the friendship she had with her friend. I know this wasn't Karen's goal but she felt entitled enough to do that. Bella started feeding me lies about my mom's friend's kids, who happen to be one of my best friends. Being autistic, I didn't listen and told my mom about what Bella was saying. This opened her eyes a bit and she started to notice things.

Karen would come over everytime my mom had to go to work, she knew my moms scheduale, she would then talk to my dad or cry about her ex. During dinners she would tell how much we ment to her and her entitled kid.

Karen would sometimes talk to me, telling me things that I would now call her out for if it had happend now. She began to tell me about how handsome and nice and caring and how perfect my dad was. She asked if I liked Bella and that it might have been fun if she and I became sisters. I was a stupid 10 year old then, so I was oblivious to this, but so was my dad.

A year later my parents and Karen were celebrating Carnaval(basicly 3 days of drinking a crapton of booze) and somehow she thought my mom was too drunk to remember what she was gonna say. Now it has been 9 years so I might remember this wrong but it went something like this:

Karen: "My ex leaving was good. I have seen now how much better \*my dads name\* is and I want him. He is probably already thinking of leaving you. My daughter deserves a better father and \*my name\* is way too much of a brat for him anyway." She also told my mom that she loved her and kissed her. My mom pushed her off of her and yelled:

"What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

After that my parents tried to avoid Karen but she insisted on helping us when we were moving houses. We didn't allow her so she spread some rumors around which every other parent ignored or simply told her to shove it. Bella started to bully me again, this time telling me how ugly I was and that no one would ever love me.

My parents are still happily married to this day, have taken up the friendship with my mom's friend again, I have a boyfriend who I have been with for a bit more then 2 years and Karen and Bella were sued by Karen's ex husband because they were still living in his house without payment for 6 months longer then contracted.

&#x200B;

TL;DR

EK bullied me, my parents become friend with EM, EM then makes my mom break up with her friend, proceeds to try to steal my dad away from my mom, Parents break off ties with EM and EM and EK get sued by ex-husband.

&#x200B;

I have seen Bella again recently. She now has no neck, looks like she is pregnant with a football team so big is her stomach and she started smoking, caking her face with make up. So also tried to apply for a job at the place my mom works, she didn't even get an interview.

&#x200B;

Edit: The first person I shared this story with, in the reddit scene, was Illuminaughtii. I didn't mind if she would use it, but I have decided that people can learn from this story as entitled parents work in a lot of ways./nTo start off, this story isn't as crazy as some others, but it still pissed me off. I dont remember the dialogue exactly, so it might be a little off.

EM: entitled mom

EM: entitled kid

Yesterday, I was working my shift at Starbucks when EM walks in with EK. She orders a hot chocolate for EK. I called a customer up for his cappuccino when EM abruptly grabs the cappuccino and gives it to EK.

ME: excuse me miss, but that is not your drink.

EM: oh, just give it to me. EK is so thirsty.

EK takes a sip of the cappuccino and then spits it out

EK: Mommy, the drink tastes wierd.

EM yelling: Is this a cappuccino?!

ME: yes, it does because that is not your cappuccino 

EK sobbing: Mommy I want my drink!!

EM: I demand that you give me a refund on my drink and make another hot chocolate!

ME: I'm afraid I cant do that. You took another customer's cappuccino. In fact, you should be paying for his drink.

EM: I cant believe how rude you are. I will never come back here again!

EM abruptly leaves without paying. We have posted a search for her based on security camera footage, but we haven't found her yet./nThis unfortunately is a story about my own entitled mother. It is hard for me to talk about, but reading some of these posts has given me the nerve to write about it.


Background information on my family so the story makes a little more sense. My dad was a business owner, and provided a good life for the family when I was younger. He did his best, worked and kept us financially comfortable. My mother was a stay at home mother, with a nanny/ cleaning lady, and was mostly supposed to be a mother to us. 

CAST: entitled mom: EM, my hardworking dad: HD, my big brother: BB and Me as Me.

HD was getting ready for work one summer day and noticed my top was looking a little short. HD told me to put on a shirt that fits better. I changed but had a similar problem, I have outgrown my clothes. HD speaks to EM about it, while I did not hear what was said exactly it was along the lines of 
HD: You have the whole day off why can't you pick her up some clothes? You're off all day?
EM: you have no idea how much I do all day!! How dare you!!

EM Did nothing all day, many days drinking too much wine and being passed out by noon.

EM proceeded to being snappy all day, and I felt guilty but didn't really understand what I did wrong. She left the children in the hands of the nanny in the late afternoon. 

HD comes home in the evening, orders a pizza as he was never much of a cook and EM has not returned yet. 

It is dark outside, when EM finally comes through the door multiple shopping bags in arms. Biggest smile as she commands me and BB get the rest from the car. It took a couple of trips, HD seemed satisfied as she had done what he asked. 

It was late, so the next day EM is found in the living room sorting out the clothes. She summoned me over, and hands me a small bag. Inside was a single, white guess Tshirt and I was over the moon. It had rhinestones and I was just so pleased that she thought of me. I wore it and showed it off all day. It was big on me but I didn't care. The second day EM comes into my room looking around and picks up MY new shirt. 

Me: that one is mine mommy!

EM: I gave this to you by mistake, it's too big. You can't wear this. 

I was devastated and EM proceeds to put it on and wear it around the house. HD comes home and eventually finds me in my room. Sobbing, and I proceed to tell him about the shirt.

HD: what about the rest of your clothes ?

ME: I only got the one shirt!

HD storms downstairs, and all I hear is SCREAMING.

The next day, I got a daddy daughter shopping day. Brand new clothes, I was looking sharp. At the Same time many clothes were returned ( assuming from my mothers personal shopping spree). 

I passed out cold that night, and when I woke up my bags of new clothes ( that havent been put away yet) were gone! I ransacked my room, luckily HD was home after the weeks events, and when I told him I " lost" my clothes. He IMMEDIATELY realized what had happened.


EM had stolen her 8 year old daughter's clothes to return them for a store credit as he had just taken away her credit cards. 

My 8 year old heart, broken

Edit: yes they are divorced, she left her 4 kids about 14 years ago and never looked back

Second edit: wow did not expect this much response! Thanks everyone for taking your time to read this. I can't keep up with all the questions and comments.

I plan on making a thread about her titled " Catherine the Wicked". Most posts will go into

https://www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

As many of my childhood stories fall more into there.

I want you guys to know I AM OKAY and no one makes more fun of this than me and my siblings. So bring on the memes and hug your children/parents for not sucking./nSo I'm an instructor at a surf school. I have too many entitled parent stories to count just from surf school but this one happened just today and I thought this sub would like it.

The surf school office is on the beach and the first half of the first lesson is taught in the office, then we go out to the sea because surfing. I teach people ages 5 and over, but they need to at the very least be able to swim, for obvious reasons. If they can't swim, they can't be in the ocean, simple as.

With this in mind, we require a certificate of swimming proficiency on enrolment. The certificate is done by most schools and local swimming pools, totally free, and they basically say "this student is capable of swimming X amount of metres". The minimum requirement is that they have a certificate but we prefer it to be at least 25 metres.

The signup is done online. The parent inputs child's name and DOB and a scan of their swimming certificate and then they book and pay for a time and date of the lesson they'd like. The first lesson is free, so some just do one lesson while some start with a bunch of them, as if you book 5 or 10 lessons you get a discount overall (the way it works out is if you book 5 then 2 are free and if you book 10 then 4 are free so it's a pretty good deal).

EM booked her innocent kid, "Adam", in for 5 sessions. We reviewed his details and the certificate, which said he could swim 100 metres proficiently, and everything seemed to be in order. Session 1 happens, and "Adam" shows up alone. He said his mum dropped him off so we rolled with it and agreed to talk to her when she picked him up, as we advise parents to be nearby for the sessions (in case the kid is somehow injured or wants to leave early).

"Adam" was also in dry clothes, no bathing suit or wetsuit. We prefer students to bring their own wetsuit and we let them use our boards for free, but we have spare wetsuits for this exact reason and we gave him one. "Adam's" birth year was listed as 2009, making him 9 or 10 years old, so we grabbed an age 9-10 suit, only to realise it was way too big. We kept going through wetsuits until we hit our smallest size, ages 7-8, which fit. We see a lot of kids who are different sizes to what the wetsuit recommends. Kids who are 5 years old wear wetsuits for 10 year olds and vice versa, it happens.

There's usually some issues when it comes to actually getting in the water as this is England so it's always freezing, but most kids tough it out. "Adam", however, stops. We tell him that the water is cold to start with but he'll warm up in no time. We encourage him to go in again. He starts crying and shaking and stuttering.

"Adam": I c-c-can't s-s-s-swim.

Me: Adam, buddy, what do you mean you can't swim? Your mum showed us your certificate. It says you can do your 100 metres.

"Adam": I d-d-don't know h-h-how.

Now, it's not uncommon for us to have students who get scared. Especially the younger ones. The waves are big, the water is cold, and I've seen kids who come to us with 100 metre certificates pretend they can't swim to get out of surfing, because they think we're going to force them, so when he said he couldn't swim I didn't take it as seriously as I should have, as I'd seen his certificate.

Me: Adam, you wouldn't be here if you couldn't swim. If you won't want to go in you can sit on the beach and I'll stay with you, but you might as well give it a go. If you really don't want to, we can talk to your mum and cancel your sessions, but there's not much of a point being here if you don't want to do anything (I phrased it nicer than this but that was the gist)

"Adam" seems to steel himself, he picks up his board and runs in to catch up with the others. He starts treading water behind the other kids but he's so short that by the time they're still treading water he's getting hit in the face with the smallest waves.

Me: Adam, time to start kicking. You won't be able to reach the floor soon enough.

"Adam's" face goes white. He turns around to look at me and opens his mouth to speak, but as he does a large wave hits him from behind. Kid goes down, head underwater, and I see the board float a few feet forwards. I head over to the board, and in the 10 or so seconds it takes me to get over there, "Adam" doesn't resurface. I start to panic, and grab his board, intending to help him out if he needs, and I see the strap floating a few feet away and definitely not attached to him. It's in a loop, like he's put the strap on but either intentionally made it loose or it didn't fit properly.

I freak out because the waves weren't very strong but "Adam" was very small, and dive under the surface, eyes open, to search for him. I see him about 10 feet away, struggling to put his feet on the ground. He should not be doing this as if his feet did touch the ground, in this depth he'd still be a foot or so below the surface. I see he has his cheeks puffed out, so he'd at least managed a breath before he went under. He saw me and I gestured for him to swim up. He doesn't, just keeps trying to put his feet down. I swim over and grab him by the wrist, pull him up, put him on his board and grab hold of the board myself so he doesn't float away. He takes a big gasp of air. He's crying so I paddle us back to shore and sit him on the sand.

Me: Adam, why didn't you swim up?

"Adam": I told you, I can't.

That's when it hits me. Little dude literally can't swim. He's never learnt. But I'd seen the certificate with my own eyes, so how the hell did he get 100 metre certificate if he can't swim? I get one of the other teachers to switch with me and then I take "Adam" back to the office. I send him to get changed and pull up the certificate. It's 100% authentic, with the little holographic seal and everything, and then I see that in the bottom corner there's a year printed. 2014. When "Adam" would have been 5 years old. That's when it hits me.

Me: Adam, do you have a big brother?

"Adam" (looking guilty): yes

Me: What's his name?

"Adam" (whispers): Adam

Me: and what's your name?

"Adam": Jack.

Me: This is your brother's certificate, isn't it, Jack?

Jack nods.

Me: How old are you, Jack?

Jack: 6.

Me: Do you have one of these certificates? Can you swim like your big brother?

Jack: No one ever taught me

I sit him in a chair and wait for the lesson to be over. In the interim I get Jack an ice cream, let him play some space invaders on my phone, and talk to my manager, who advises me how to talk to EM when she shows up. Another class comes and goes in the time it takes EM to arrive, an hour late. EM doesn't have the typical Karen haircut but she does have a bob that looks like a bleach blonde helmet.

Me: Ma'am, we need to talk.

EM: We can next session, I have to get home.

Me: There is no next session so we will talk now.

EM: What do you mean? I paid for 5 sessions. You have to give Adam all 5 sessions.

Me: I know his name is Jack.

EM (to Jack): You stupid little brat. You had one fucking job.

Me (seeing Jack is on the verge of tears): Ma'am, please don't-

EM: Are you a single mother? No? Then don't tell me how to parent my fucking kid.

Me: Ma'am there is no need for that kind of language. We have other things to discuss.

EM: Like what!?

Me: Why did you even bring Jack here if he couldn't swim?

EM: So you could teach him, obviously.

Me: This is not a swimming class, this is a surfing class. Ability to swim comes before you even enrol. That's why we want the certificates on enrolment.

EM: Well it's not like he can get hurt, is it? Surfing boards float, everyone knows that.

Me: Well he got pushed under by a wave before he even got on the board and stayed under for way too long. His saving grace was he managed to take a breath before he got dunked.

EM: Well... you should have been watching him better. You'll have to do better next time.

Me: Next time? I was right near him. The wave pulled him back. Jack cannot be in this class if he cannot swim. He shouldn't even be in the ocean if he can't swim. Take him to a pool, teach him to swim, we'll refund your lessons this year and he can enrol next summer if he still wants to.

EM (grabbing Jack by the wrist and practically dragging him to the door): I don't have time for all that. I enrolled Jack for 5 sessions, he is getting all 5 sessions. See you next week.

Me: If Jack is here next week we will be forced to call the police and CPS.

EM (stops in the door and looks kind of desperate): Well, you're the cheapest summer club I can give him to

Me: We are not a summer club, we're a summer school. One with basic requirements. You knowingly falsified documents to get Jack into a school he has no business being in. What are you playing at?

EM (slowly and loudly): I am going to say this slowly so you can understand. Jack will be here next week. I will not be here. I am busy. Any issues, you wait for me.

Me: I don't see what could be so important that you'd knowingly put your child at risk.

EM: Adam can swim, why can't Jack?

Me: ... because Jack never learned to swim. I don't know why you haven't taught him but it's none of my business. What's my business is that you brought him here, the worst place you could have possibly left him.

EM: I AM A SINGLE MOTHER! When he's in school I get time off. Now he's out of school and I need something to do with him for 6 weeks. I can't cancel my appointments, they're done weeks in advance!

Me: Then don't put him in a situation that could have so easily turned deadly. You'll have to sort out something else or bring him with you, so-

EM: I CAN'T BRING A BOY TO THE SPA, IT'S ALL WOMEN! USE A FUCKING BRAIN CELL!

Me (literally shaking in rage): So... what you're telling me... is that you signed your 6 year old up for a surfing class when he can't swim because you wanted a spa day. Are you KIDDING me?

EM: I shouldn't have to justify myself to you. You don't know how hard it is to be a single mother. Come on Jack, we're leaving. NOW!

EM and Jack leave before I can call the police. I wanted to go after her, but my manager saw me and sent me home for the day. I didn't manage to catch EM, but manager said that as he had their names, address and phone number it wouldn't be hard to report her. He said he'd call the police or NSPCC (basically CPS) and keep me updated but I'm still angry as I type this and it's been a few hours. Sorry this was so long. Will let you know if I get any updates.

&#x200B;

Update 1: someone from NSPCC advised us how to proceed, we called 101 (not 999, as I stated above, because someone pointed out to me that 999 is for emergencies, not Entitled Parents) and we gave statements over the phone, were given an email to send all our stuff on Jack (the certificate, the enrolment form, CCTV, ect) to and were advised to "keep an eye out" while they did whatever it is they do on their end. We alerted the local surf schools and they are also on the look out for anyone like Jack or EM, and we refunded her money. Will let you know if anything else comes of this.

Update 2: Literally right after I posted update 1 I got a text from my manager telling me to check the website and there's a really shitty review posted a day ago from EM's account saying "the girl teacher" (I'm the only woman on staff) watched as her son struggled to resurface and didn't help him out of the water, calling me a lousy teacher and basically saying I was content to watch Jack drown. Manager screenshotted this and forwarded it to the email./nOh my god this is stupid.

I went going to see Aladdin today at the movie theatres so I purchased the tickets online and drove to the theatre. We got to our seats (brother and I) and I gave him some money to get a snack or some popcorn. I told him I would stay here while he does so. He comes back with a water and popcorn. About half way into the movies I took a break to go to the bathroom. After my break I took a walk up to the area where you buy popcorn (forgot what’s it’s called smh) and I was in line to get a popcorn and a drink and took out my debit card so I was ready to pay. (Enters EM). She gets in line and is right behind me as I’m going to go pay. And sees me with my card. She taps me on the shoulder and says “excuse me but I think you are too young to be able to use one of those” (I’m 16) I simply say “ma’am I’m well old enough to own on of these, my mom helped me get it”. 
    
EM walks away (don’t know what for) and comes back asking where my mom is. “She isn’t head at the moment. She is at my house” EM says “ugh” under her breath and I ask if there is something wrong. She says “you can just give the card to me, I’m sure there is nothing on it.” I of couse decline her request and say “it has enough money to buy what I need.” (It had like $10 on it) EM says “well then it has enough for what I need.” She reaches her hand out and said “hand it over” in a mean you know what’s gonna happen if you don’t kind of voice. “ma’am it’s not yours to take. I own this card and I’m going to use it.” We step out of line and she starts saying how my mom is a bad mom for getting me that. And how she is stupid and probably didn’t go to school. I’m guessing she said that to make me feel sad to the point I give it to her but that was not going to happen. I ignored her remarks and I said “ma’am I won’t let you hav-“ she proceeded to try and steal my card and I asked for her to stop what she is doing and a man stepped in and told her “hands off.” He looked like the guy that would be in a biker gang or something. She said “isn’t this kind gentleman too young to own a debit?” The man said “doesn’t look too young at all. You have a problem with people that are younger than you?” She said “no no not at all” she backed away slowly and that was the end of it. Short my not sweet.

I enjoyed the movie and my little brother still has no idea what happened. He asked me when I got back “what took so long” I told him problems with the popcorn machine. I didn’t get the popcorn. :(

EDIT: damn thank you so much for the silver/nOkay just to be clear this story happened when the whole eating Tidepods was a thing I just didn’t have reddit at the time to post about it.

For some background information my mom invited her work friend (J) (our entitled parent) over for dinner since they were friends at the time. She brought her daughter (A) (the entitled kid) with her who was 12. 

Onto the story:

I was around A’s age but didn’t want to associate with anyone so just stayed in my room. But alas, my mom made me come and socialize. I was sitting on couch and had been trying to talk to A but she left to “go to the bathroom.” Tbh I didn’t care so I was just sitting on my phone when all of a sudden I hear screaming coming from the laundry room (where the Tidepods are).

I was shocked and went to see what was wrong only to find A sitting on the floor crying her eyes out saying “It burns! It burns!” My mom noticed the Tidepods were out and we all realized she must have eaten one. I was about to try and come her down when J storms over and starts screaming at my mom for letting her daughter eat the Tidepods.

She was all (not word for word) “Im sueing you for poisoning my child you awful person!”

My mom made her leave (after trying to help A first) but J was refusing to. She demanded compensation for it but my mom wasn’t doing that so she just kept telling her to leave. Finally after some back and forth she just left and that was the last time I ever saw her. My mom still had to work with her but nothing else really every happened.

Sorry no one got arrested but this is my story, thanks for reading./nSorry for any bad grammar, English is my second language  (And poor formatting, im on mobile)

I’m a young parent, my twin daughters were born when me and their mother were both young teenagers (we are no longer together). They are adopted but their foster parents let me see them often. On Monday I took them to the zoo without the foster parents being there (with permission obvs). Bear in mind I am 16 years old now and they are both 17 months old. I’m white but I’m still an immigrant, and I live in the UK and as I said English is my second language so I really struggle with communication

I took them to the zoo for the day and it was pretty warm despite it being winter. We did have a good and exciting day, i took them to the play area since they’ve both only just started walking. There’s an area for much smaller children that I took them to.

Whilst they were playing in the sand, a child comes a long who was much older (4 or 5) comes over and starts playing with my daughters, it was very sweet and then the older child asks my daughters if they want to go over to the area for older kids, this makes sense as they look a year or so older than they actually are. Due to them not legally being my kids anymore and I was technically babysitting I had much more responsibility and couldn’t afford for them to get hurt at all, so I went over and told her that my daughters are only small and might get hurt and she went off upset and my girls continued playing in the sand.

A few minutes go by and then EM comes along, pulling along her crying child


EM-Hi, are you looking after these two girls?

Me-yes they are my daughters

EM-you look a bit young to have kids

Me-yes, I’m 16, but they are my kids

EM scoffs

EM-well, how can I be sure these are your kids?

Me-well they are my biological children, they are adopted. I’m just taking them out for the day

EM then tries to approach one of my girls and pick them up.
 
My daughter immediately kicks and screams 

Me, standing up- can you please put my daughter down

EM- Fuck off, they are going to go play with my daughter

Me- you can’t just take my kids

My daughter that she had picked up then falls to the floor and starts crying, so I go over and pick her up and start trying to comfort her

EM- what the fuck is your problem? You’re not from around here are you?

Me- no im not, I was born in- 

Before I could even say where she starts flipping out

EM- that’s what I thought. Fucking immigrant. You should take your stupid fucking daughters and take them out of my country

Me- I’m a british citizen and so are my daughters. You’re going to be xenophobic towards two toddlers because I was born in a different country?

EM then starts shouting around about me being a child molester

EM- This boy has abducted these two children and is trying to molest them!

Me- what’s your problem lady? These are my biological daughters

EM- they didn’t come out of your vagina so you don’t have a fucking right to call them your children. You’re just trying to molest these poor girls.

My daughters are now both on the floor crying

Me- what does it matter who’s vagina they came out of? They’re my fucking kids I’m not trying to molest anyone

EM- YOURE A FUCKING MAN. MEN ARE NOT I REPEAT ARE NOT QUALIFIED TO BE PARENTS 

EM then slaps me across the face, it took a lot of composure to set a good example to not only my kids, but all the others by not hitting back


Then a zoo keeper came over to ask what the problem is. ZK = zoo keeper 

EM- this boy has abducted my two twin daughters and is trying to rape them. Call the police

ZK- ma’am calm down

Me- these are my daughters. I was trying to have a nice day with them before this woman came over saying all this

ZK- Sir we are going to have to call the police. Calm down please


There was a lot of arguing amongst us and eventually police arrived. The girls were both crying whilst sitting in the sand. After interviewing witnesses, the officer confirmed that I had come here with my daughters and they had to escort the EM and her daughter out of the Zoo. 

I put my twins back in their pushchair shortly after and we went to go get ice lollies which the zoo offered to us for free after the incident.
After arriving back at their foster parents house, (it was a short walk from the zoo, The girls were happy in their pushchair) I explained the whole situation and the foster father laughed about it and offered me a beer for my stressful day. 

**EDIT**: thank you for the kind words everyone! It means a lot to me!

**EDIT 2**: there has been so much response on this post. All I can say is thank you! There were so many comments just from when I went to sleep (something like 130) so annoyingly I won’t be able to get to all of them. But thank you all for the support!/n&#x200B;

# This is a Part 2

&#x200B;

EM is back at my house a week later after my b-day.  she was "welcome" back after she "apologized".

Anyway my mom had friends from Yoga or Crossfit (idk)  and I was in my room playing Mw2 Campaign (cuz it good)

I could hear all the conversation from my room and so I know what is going on.

one house rule we have is that guests weren't allowed in my room Ek was told not to go anywhere near my room and we moved the Xbox One to my room and I was playing on my recently bought Xbox 360( I collect old consoles lol)

   So EK ignored that ONE rule and went to my room. 

   And then he starts whining about how I "hid the games from him so he would be bored" but" my mom told him not to go to my room because all he does is play my video games and EM says "your son is so rude, How could he let my son be bored while HE is playing games in front of him!That is BULLYING" my mom and her friends told her to stop.

Then I hear her say "I need to use the bathroom" and the bathroom is near my room so I knew she would come to my room and yell at me, And I wish I was wrong she comes to my room and sees General Shepherd shoot Ghost on my TV screen and she goes apeshit.

She starts screaming at me for playing "such a violent game" and she tells my mom.

Well, to EM's surprise, My mom does not give fraction of a shit! I hear it all:

EM: Your son is playing a violent game!

Mom: So? I told you not to go to my son's room.

EM: But he is playing a violent game! I will not tolerate this!

Mom:Then leave. when I say "make yourself at home" I did not mean invade my son's privacy and break the rules I made.

EM: If you can't discipline your son I will!!

Mom: Go ahead and try. Lay a hand on my son or any of his things, you better hope you have a good lawyer.

EM: Very Funny! My husband's a Lawyer and I will sue you for emotional damage!

Mom: And I'm pretty sure that your "husband" would have more common sense of the law that you.

EM:Bu-

Mom: Leave. Now. Bye.

EM: Ek let's go.

Mom: you better be going.

anyway EM leaves and my mom says she will never return, YAY! :)/nI’m on mobile so excuse my weird formatting

I’ve been more of a lurker on this subreddit but decided to post a story from about 2 years ago when I was nearly 14. It was quite an experience and has made me more cautious while shopping.

EM: Entitled Mother
BK: Brat Kid
Me: A chicken in the middle of a ocean (me)
C: Cashier

It was 2017 right after summer vacation. It was the day after we arrived from my grandmothers home town. Obviously like any other year my mom asked me to go get some groceries. The groceries I buy are always temporary, to make one meal or something. I was sent out to get the average stuff like: Dairy products, cookies, a bit of ingredients and obviously a Tony’s Chocolonely chocolate bar for myself. Keep in mind these are pretty darn expensive considering I was only given enough to buy the groceries I was assigned to. I always bring a little extra money just in case. Therefore I brought a bit of my pocket money, again, just in case. I went to the cashier and this is where the mayhem begun.

I got in line and it was huge. It was as if everyone was restocking their kitchen after vacation. There were a good 20 people in each line and there were only 3 out of 6 cashiers open. When it was confirmed over the intercom that cashier 4 was opening and which aisle, I ran like I never ran before. Thanks to my speed and only holding a light basket I got into the first 5 of the line. I think you could guess who was right behind me. The cashier hasn’t shown up yet and therefore EM thought it was a good idea to cut in front of me. I tried confronting her but... you’ll see for yourself

Me: Excuse me ma’am, I was in front of you?

EM: I’m sorry it’s just my children are every hungry and we have no food at home. 

Her cart was insane. It piled up until my neck and it was filled with loads of microwave pizzas. Usually I would let it slide because of her problem but my patience is thinner than graphene. I tried again:

Me: Ma’am I barely have any groceries, can I take my place back in line?

EM (starting to get frustrated): My answer is still NO.

Me: You literally took my place in line and are now refusing to give it back. You’re acting pretty entitled ma’am. (I remember these exact words)

This absolutely set EM off. BK was in front of the cart and hasn’t said a single word till now considering he was attached to his kids tablet thing. (I didn’t exactly know what it was). By now the cashier was already checking the first persons groceries. She did not want to get involved at all and just ignored the conflict.

EM: What on earth did you just say. Have your DUMB parents never TOLD YOU to respect your ELDERS. (For some reason she had put emphasis on some words in her sentence to sound more persuading and smart, but it confused me a lot.)

I loved my parents because they raised me very well and for this lady to insult them with dumb, actually set me off real bad

Me (Yelling): HOW DID YOUR PARENTS RAISE YOU, YOU IMBECILE? WERE THEY AS DUMB AS YOU?!

EM’s groceries were getting checked and she was putting them in her plastic bag

EM: What did you say? I don’t speak retarded

I internally laughed at how stupid that comeback was but was still mad. She started making her way to the parking lot muttering things which I slightly was able to hear. She even called me a “Filthy N***er”. I had the same skin color as her so it was pretty confusing. I don’t know if this is racist to say but we were both white so I was confused. I put my groceries in my plastic bag after paying (I had exactly enough, no change).

I just ignored EM while she was telling BK off for bumping into a lady. BK’s eyes sparkled when he saw my chocolate bar.

BK: Mommy, Mommy. 

He was tugging her dress but she was ignoring him. They were nearly at their car by the looks of it as she started slowing down and I was just walking home. 

BK: MOOOOOOOMMMYYYY. GIVE MEEEEEE NOWWW!!!

The whole parking lot must’ve heard that. 

EM: WHAT DO YOU WANT

BK: That boy has chocolate! I want! 

He wasn’t a really good English speaker considering he was young.

EM looked at me with a suspicious grin and whispered something into BK’s ear. He walked towards me with a grin on his face and literally threw himself to the ground. Didn’t trip. Literally jumped and threw himself. His arm landed really strangely and snapped backwards. Blood-curdling screams were spread across the parking lot while his face had the scariest expression I’ve ever seen. To this day It still haunts me. It seemed as if every bone in his body broke and his limbs were chopped off. I just stood there traumatized by what just happened. I was so confused. I looked down at my groceries to spare myself from looking at his snapped arm and face, and noticed my chocolate wasn’t there.

No way. The kid didn’t just do that for a chocolate. EM also disappeared. I was able to connect the dots and found out their plan. I saw her running back towards BK from behind a car, where she was temporarily hiding. She roasted my parents before for being bad parents, which was really ironic at that exact moment. She just noticed her kid. EM ran towards him while screaming at bystanders to call the police and ambulance like a nuclear bomb just dropped. My ears were squeaking from the BK’s screams. She ran towards me and yelled in my face but I couldn’t make out her words. She then proceeded to slap me multiple times, which shocked me so much that I just froze and stood there. I heard something about her pressing charges on me. 

It all happened in the flash and the police and ambulance show up while I’m restrained by security for questioning. The security guard was as tall as me and wasn’t buff so I could just run, but I was too confused about what had just happened. I was questioned by police and told them everything, including what happened in the supermarket. EM made up the biggest shit I ever heard. I was told by police she wants to press charges for: Attempted Murder and Assault on a minor. I have no idea what her story was but yet again I called BS. Jesus Christ emerged from heaven and travelled his way through to my eyes because I saw my way out of this situation. CCTV cameras. 

I had a internal fiesta and was ready to confront EM and her Bratty kid. I told the police there is a CCTV camera that records the parking lot 24/7. (That’s what I thought at least). EM’s face turned tomato red while BK was screaming in pain. EM tried hopping into the ambulance with BK but the police restrained her. BK’s ambulance roared off right after. The police went into security office and the security took a good 30 minutes to find the tape. (There were loads of cameras and tapes) eventually the officers come out and ask EM to follow them. One of them stays behind and asks me if I want to call anyone and I politely decline. He then tells me I can press charges (with my parents) and I obviously accept. They need to ask my parents if they give me permission as this is necessary where I live. EM is driven off to the police station and after I give the popo my info, the grant me permission to leave. I get my groceries from the floor and notice my chocolate bar is missing. Wow. After all that she still decides to keep it. Immature? Definitely. Hotel? Trivago.

My parents eventually agree to press charges. As of the hard evidence, EM got sentenced to 6 months jailtime, 200 hours of community service AND a hefty fine of around 3,500. The worst part is, she was restricted from having her child for 1 year. Half the time she would be in jail though. It was more serious than I thought as she also proceeded to lie in court and to the police. I was told BK was sent to temporarily live with his grandmother (I was already guessing EM was probably divorced). He was in the hospital and had to do some weird stuff with his bones Including getting stitches. 

Long story short: Justice has been served and I feel a bit bad for BK as he’s only young.

Extra Info: EM was forced to send me a apology letter from prison (Obviously she didn’t go to a dangerous prison so she’s fine) and I actually visited BK because I felt he was just a kid. Hope he turns out different than his with his grandma. Thankfully the grandma he was staying with was from his fathers side. 

I hope at least 5 people read this and if you’re this far down, hi.

Edit: This blew up. Yeah I never thought I would meet a crazy person like her but here we are. According to the law I wasn’t able to share this info for some time (until around one and a half years  ago) 
Btw I upvote every comment so if you have 2 one of them was me. If you’re comment has the words chicken, you summon me. (It can take up to an hour or more. Sorry)/nI saw another post that made me remember this. As an r/entitledparents cliché, this was 7 ish years ago; my brother was 20 and I was 18. Cast is as usual, just a plus B for brother. 

My brother and I are baby faced. Right now I still get ID’d even though I’m 25 (legal drinking age is 18) and my brother still gets ID’d too. 

My family tends to travel together at least once a year. We like going to beaches within the country like Cancun, Puerto Vallarta or Los Cabos. 

This time we were in Cancun in the summer. I was chilling on some chaises with my brother, sipping on tamarind margaritas/micheladas and gossiping over dumb family stuff, when an older lady came and asked us where we got our drinks, in English. She was a nice lady, asked very kindly, and asked us first if we spoke English. We signaled her the nearest hotel’s bar and she went off. This is where the EM came into play. She was sitting on the chaises besides us. She was not a typical *Karen looking* lady. She was a typical *gringo in Cancun* looking lady: Lord Farquaad’s hair in blonde, a bikini a little too small for her, cooked-crab skin tone, Cat Butthole lips, and big ass sunglasses. 

EM: Hey you *kids*, I just noticed you speak English. Could you speak English while you are here beside us? My son doesn’t like not understanding you. 

The boy was minding his own business making sand castles a few meters away from us. 

B: No? 

EM: What do you mean NO? 

B: We have no obligation to speak in another language for your “son’s convenience”. 

EM: *gasp* THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE. Where are your parents??? You ill-bred CHILDREN. Why are you even drinking alcohol??? THAT IS ILLEGAL. JUST WAIT UNTIL YOUT PARENTS SEE YOU. 

Me: Just leave us alone? 

EM: Excuse ME?? Did your PARENTS teach YOU no MANNERS???

Me: They sure as hell taught us to mind our own business. 

This is when EM went batshit, threw our alcohol to the sand, and started screaming. 

EM: IT IS NOT THAT HARD TO SPEAK IN ENGLISH, BRATS. YOU SHOULD NOT EVEN BE DRINKING, YOU DON’T LOOK 21!! 

B: Bitch, you’re in Mexico. Fuck off. 

She stormed off and grabbed a random hotel’s staff dude. She screamed at him that we should be removed because we were being super rude. I explained to the dude in Spanish that this *gringa* was trying to make us speak in English to each other. The dude, in a broken English, tried to appease her. 

This is when our own entitled mother came to play. She doesn’t speak English, but went LIVID when she saw some random crab screaming at us. She started screaming at her in Spanish, so you could hear “Deja a mis hijos en paz, pinche vieja loca” along with “Is this how you treat tourists???” I rolled my eyes so hard at this lmao and ended up screaming “WE ARE TOURISTS HERE TOO, CUNT”

Poor staff dude was all baffled. It was in summer so it was packed, and surely he didn’t need more shit to his already tiresome day. 

People were starting to gather around, so my father (pretty gentle dude) just said “I’m hungry, wife. Aren’t you two hungry, children?” (he said “vieja” in Spanish, which is actually “old lady”, but is an endearment term). My brother profusely apologized to the staff dude while I picked up our stuff from the chaises and, as I left, I flipped the EM off without my parents noticing. 

Before we left, my dad said in English “now you can annoy your own family. Bye.” Bitch was fuming, lmao. 

Her husband and I think her own mother seemed unmoved, I bet they were used to her. 

I know there is no justice boner in us leaving but, come on. We just wanted to chill and sip micheladas lmao. 

EDIT: thanks for the gold, kind stranger! First internet Kinda tangible points !!

Also, this is not fake. It may be exaggerated but that’s how I lived it. It’s funny how many fellow Mexicans here have said “lmao we have it worse in the border dealing with them” “yeah I know they tend to be like that”... but people really can’t see their co-patriots being cunts in other countries. /n*TRIGGER WARNING: OBVIOUSLY THERE ARE HUMAN (CHILD) REMAINS IN THIS STORY AS WELL AS A RESIDENT OF HELL IN THE FORM OF AN ENTITLED FATHER. THIS STORY WILL PROBABLY MAKE YOU LOOSE FAITH IN HUMANITY AND/OR CRY. I CRIED.*

So, unlike many of my posts this happened just yesterday... and excuse my use of slang, but I was *SHOOK.* So much so that I couldn't write anything until today. I'll jump right into it since my posts tend to be quite long.

Sarge (boyfriend of 7 years) and I live semi-near this big grassy park/lake area. Its about 20 minutes away and sometimes we drive there to get some air and take Comrade to play with him or walk or whatever. We drove to get gas and then on a whim, I asked to stay for a little while (the gas station was right up the small hill from the lake). We went to park and we went into the store to grab a couple waters and some gum.

As we were walking out and past the gas pumps, I noticed a stuffed bear sitting on one of the trash can lids. It was purple and had a white heart with a basic design stitched on it. I picked it up because of how cute it looked.

Me: "Oh, look at this hun- aww... Someone lost their bear."

As I picked it up, Comrade sniffed the air, and then gently head-butted my leg

Me: "Uh, *excuse* you, Comrade."

Sarge: "... Let me see that?"

Me: "Alright, I'm more of a stuffed-bunny girl anyway, heh heh."

Sarge: "No... I'm worried if there are drugs in here."

Me: "What!?"

Comrade kept kept head-butting Sarge and I. I guess he kept picking up a strange scent and was trying to tell us, and also, it wasn't that hard to believe that someone *planted* the bear there.

Sarge examined it and found that there was in fact something inside of it. From the back of the bear was a hidden zipper. Sarge opened it and pulled out a golden rounded-box type thing. Something clicked for me and I realized that this was an urn and I was mortified. I explained it to Sarge who didn't believe me at first, saying that no one would loose ashes of *anyone*. Sure enough, he screwed the cap open and there was a bag tied off with ashes on the inside. My stomach did knots and I saw that Sarge's face fell too.




Cast:

Sarge- My boyfriend

Comrade- Our dog/My service dog

M- Manager of the store/station

C- Cashier of the store/station

EF- Entitled disgrace to parenthood as well as father to two oblivious hellspawns (Entitled Father/Satan)

ED- Entitled female offspring of Satan

ES- Entitled male offspring of Satan

Me- Yours Truly




Our first thoughts were to find the owner(s) of the bear. There was no doubt in my mind that if they noticed the missing bear/ashes, they would be thrown into a panic and be doing anything they could to get it back. Sarge stayed where we found the bear and pulled out his phone googling to try to figure out if he should call the police or what. I went in with Comrade and the bear into the store.

Those of you who read my posts know I have FAS (Foreign Accent Syndrome) and that I tend to get different accents when I'm stressed or anxious. When I was talking to C, my voice was just very squeaky and shifted constantly between low and high. He gave me a weird look but I said, "Hi, yes? I have a situation. See I found this bear outside and it turns out it's one of those stuffed animals that has ashes inside, like a cremated baby or something. So it's *really* important and I don't know what to do to get ahold of the family or owner, or...?"

By this time C jumped to flag down M and I re-explained everything. They both looked really nervous. M wasn't sure if we should just turn in the bear for the store's safekeeping or if the police had to be called. What ended up happening is M closed the shop, stood where C's post was and started making calls. C came out to me where Sarge was. C would wait there and see if anyone came back frantically looking for the bear while Sarge and I would go person to person down the hill and see if the owners were down there.

Now usually all of my mental disorders would cause me to go haywire and shut down- I was *freaking out* at this situation. I mean, someone just lost their *baby*, how devastating that must be! That's on top of the fact that a child passed away in the first place which was enough to make me uneasy. Instead of going ballistic though, I literally said *'Anxiety, Paranoia, you guys need to FUCK OFF for five minutes, I have to do this'*. I can't believe I was able to do that. I don't think I've *ever* been determined enough to override my mental crap, but that's how set I was on finding this family.

Because I didn't have anxiety, Sarge and I split up. He took Comrade since I took the bear (we wanted Comrade to calm down with head-butting us so we separated them) and we split up but were still within shouting-distance of each other. I could easily see him and vise versa. Why didn't I take Comrade since he's my service dog? I don't know. I felt like I *needed* to make sure that bear and all of it's contents were safe personally.

I we searched going, "Is this your bear? No, it's fine, thanks." and moving on. We went family-to-family, everyone who was in the park. We checked couples, everything.

Now introducing Satan himself.

I went under a tree where a man (EF) and two children (ED, ES) were having a picnic and playing with dolls/action figures. "Hi, does this bear belong to anyone here?"

ED's face lit up at the bear, I guess she thought he looked very nice. EF replied, "Oh yeah, that's my girl's."

I knew right away he was lying. It was between my gut feeling and the fact that if this guy actually lost a person, he would be more relieved and awed at getting it back, or frantic that it was even lost. It was obvious that he was trying to exploit it as a free teddy bear that someone lost because they didn't like it enough.

Me: "Sorry to bother you." (Turns to leave)

EF: "I said that's my daughter's, give it to her."

Me: "... Are you aware of the contents of this stuffed bear?"

EF: "*Contents?* The hell are you talking about?"

Me: (Deep breath) "A child has died, and his or her ashes are in an urn, an urn which is inside of this bear. I'm trying to find the owners of this bear, because they didn't just loose a toy... They lost their child."

I was a little frustrated that he was trying to get it before, that he wasn't being respectful of the situation. But, I realized that there is no way he would have known. People are greedy, they love free stuff. A free toy for my child? Yes, please. I gave him that benefit. I was NOT preparing for his next line:

EF: "Who puts ashes inside of a teddy bear? That's our bear, and there aren't any ashes. Give it here before I report you for theft."

All I could do is mutter a 'sorry' and walk on. I kept going family to family, and I heard ED wailing behind me. I could *not* feel sorry for her.

We walked and hit every solo person, couple, or family in the entire park. Sarge and I regrouped, exchanged a "*Now* what?" moment, and went back up the hill to the gas station. There was a small squad of police investigators. I don't know if this is the norm (since human remains don't really go off the grid very often) but that's what there was. M was talking to people, C was being interviewed, and we walk over with the bear in question.

As per officer request, I showed them the bag of ashes embedded in the bear/urn (had *Sarge* do it actually, since I couldn't handle it). Once they recorded the things they went to put it in custody but I asked if I could hold onto it for safekeeping instead. They probably thought I was empathetic and had lost a child or fetus, or a youngster close to me before (I have not) so they let me hold onto it while I was kept an eye on by everyone.

Low and behold, here arrives the group of hellions from the bottom of the hill. "Hey, you!"

Me: "Augh- this guy!"

Sarge: "What? What is... it...?"

EF comes stomping over. "You! You took our bear!"

Me: "That's not true, officers! I'll have you know that I reported this to the manager of the story far before I even brought it to you. That's documented, *sir*."

EF: "That's my daughter in that bear!"

ES: "Yeah, that's my sister!"

I was livid and on the verge of tears at the same time- I don't feel like that needs much explanation. The fact that this guy understood the gravity of the situation and disregarded it anyway as well as tell his SON to say that!? The kid was probably 9 or something, the girl around 6.

There was a scream-out between EF and two of the officers and I begun to shake. I set the bear down on the lid of a nearby trashcan- I did *not* want to stop holding it, but my nerves were fired up so badly. I'm turned away from the scene and Sarge is right by my side with Comrade. He strokes my hair and tells me soothing words, but then, over his shoulder, he shouts. *"HEY!"*

I turned around. Apparently ES and scooped up the bear and ran back over to ED. He gave it to her and she squealed with delight. I was about to fucking blow a gasket. Steam was coming out from my ears. When Sarge gets upset (which is not often because he has lots of patience), his Russian comes out. Oh, it comes out alright. He swears in Russian and then when he speaks his accent is ×10 thicker than it usually is. Usually, you can *kind* of, *barely* tell that he has an accent. When he's upset, it's like he just stepped off the plane.

One of the officers moves to take the bear back, but EF blocks him with his body. "What are you going to do, huh? Take it from her hands? Touch me? You *touch* me I'll charge you for assault."

Ohhhhh Sarge and I were about to get charged for assault, but then a car speeds into the lot. A woman leaps from the car and runs towards all of us. Sarge, seeing ED is distracted, takes the bear from her grasps and hands it off to me. ED gasps and is about to start shrieking, but I jog to meet the woman, I'll call her Juliet. 

Very delicately -- I *know* this bear is priceless -- I hold it out to her as we near each other. As she takes it, and brings it to her chest, she begins sobbing, head bowed, tears streaking her cheeks. I pull her in for a hug. It was the only thing I could think to do, hug her and rub her back. I didn't notice right away but I started crying a little too. The husband, I'll call him John, sprinted from the car as he had parked, and saw us hugging. He hugged us both. I pulled away after a little bit and it was just John and Juliet hugging each other with the little bear, who I'll call Jasmine in between them.

EF begun screaming racial slurs (John and Juliet were black) and growling about pressing charges against Sarge for harassment/assault/theft. Instead, *he* got tossed in the back of a cop car for theft/attempted theft and I think maybe obstruction and causing a disturbance (I don't know all the details). Sarge, Comrade and I all stayed for a while with John, Juliet, and Jasmine. The mother of the entitled children and wife of the entitled father was called and came to the scene to take the kids. When the cops told her what had happened, she was *appalled*. Get this- she was also a lawyer. I guess they were already having some marital problems, so the took her ring off and threw it in the distance. "I hope you burn, EF, pathetic piece of shit!"

John and Juliet kept thanking us over and over. Apparently John had stopped for gas and set Jasmine on the lid, and accidentally forgot about her, driving off. Figures, since he kept crying and repeating "I'm sorry, I'm so so sorry, Juliet!" while they were hugging. I told them the reason why this really hit home for me especially (and Sarge) is because Sarge and I are currently trying to get pregnant, and... I just couldn't imagine loosing a child, as bad as I want one. Apparently they had Jasmine for a week before she died, SIDS.

They were really sweet people and we actually plan on having lunch with them next Friday.

As for EF, hopefully that disgusting, disgraceful excuse for a human gets put away for a while.




TL;DR- Entitled "father" tells son to steal a teddy bear that has the ashes of a child inside, all the while everyone is trying to locate the *real* family.




EDIT: Thank you to everyone leaving positive comments and love. You guys make me smile and feel better about everything... I love replying to your comments and messages, so thank you guys :-)     (What I'm about to say next isn't about you, you guys are great)

To everyone accusing me of "Karma Farming," and saying that "no one could ever run into *that* many EPs... My middle finger salutes you. I have written *two* other r/entitledparents stories, and yet you think that there's no way in the f-ing universe that we live in I could have possible met two other EPs in the span of my life? Allow me to refer you to the top of my text: *'So, unlike many of my posts this happened just yesterday...'*

You obviously don't know how hard this was for me to go through and then write it all out. And for what? On my entire profile, have I ever promoted anything? Have I ever said to buy a product? Have I ever linked other social media accounts? Have I ever asked to follow anyone? Do I get money from posting? The answer to all of these is but one word: No. I don't gain anything except it's a little therapeutic for me to write about, usually taking an hour or more each post. And still you want to shit on me for that? Because my stories are "popular" and "controversial"? Sorry you feel that way, hun. That's not my fault.

I know I shouldn't let a couple of rotten apples get under my skin, but seriously, fuck you negative guys.

Everyone else is great though, thank you for everything.

EDIT 2: Thank you all for the love! 5k upvotes and counting? Gold and silver? PLATINUM? Thank each of you! :-) I guess I'll be posting another picture of Comrade on r/goodboys... 😉

EDIT 3: The lunch Sarge, Comrade and I had with John, Juliet and Jasmine went very well... We made some new friends 😊/nSo I sold wedding dresses on and off for 5 years. I have a ton of stories. This one is one of the worst though. Yes it will seem fake because it's so outlandish. But I assure you it's not. This is an old story about 1.5 years ago before I "retired"

Cast

Me= spine of steel stylist
B= bride
MOB= mother of bride/EM
M= manager

So at this point I was about 2 months from leaving as I was entering my senior year of college. I have two young daughters. And really shitty family and in-Laws. At this point I have seen it all, but have run into two bridezillas I'm 5 years. It's mostly MOB's that are awful.

So to set the scene, B had come in a month prior and picked out her dream dress. MOB/EM was in to pick out her dress.

Normal appointments for MOB are an hour...THREE hours later nothing has worked.

MOB: I'm really disappointed in lack of options. Nothing is fancy enough for B's wedding. Don't you know what you are doing.

Me: I'm sorry mrs. mob but I have shown you everything that your daughter has recommended in every color that you can get. 

MOB: but it's really MY day. I'm the mother of the bride. I need to look the best.

Me (remember I had an end date): no it's for B. She's supposed to look the best, you had your time to shine. This isn't about you.

MOB: well aren't you a little bitch. I want to speak to your manager.

Me: great I'll go get her.


I fill my manager in on the situation. 

At this point MOB has walked over to the wedding dresses.

M: how can I help you

MOB: first you can start by firing your employee. Then you can tell me which of these wedding dresses I can order in blue.

M: we don't have any dresses you can order in blue.

MOB: but you MUST accommodate ME it's MY wedding. I must look the best.

M: it's actually the brides wedding, why don't you come back with your daughter and we can help you find another dress.

MOB: No! This is MY wedding. I Want THIS dress and I want it for free for my inconvenience!

M: that's a 1800 ball gown in not giving it to you for free.

At this point I've snuck off to call the bride. I'm loyal. I had no qualms about telling her what's going on. B was mortified. She wanted her mom to get out. So she races over.

B: Mom stop. We talked about this.

MOB: I raised you! I get to wear whatever I want and they will pay for it.

B: no you don't. If this keeps up you won't be invited to the wedding.

I have come back at this point. I realize the MOB is holding an Identical copy of her kids dress. 

MOB: you little bitch (seeing me) how dare you! 

She throws a ball gown at my head and comes after me. My manager body checks her. We call the police and MOB is escorted out with charges. 

B apologizes. She comes in after the wedding and says her mom wasn't invited and she now has a restraining order against her.

I have lots of these stories


Edit: thanks so much for gold kind stranger!

I will be posting more stories within the next few days!

Edit 2: talesfromabridalshop sub reddit is live. Please forgive me as I'm still new to this side of reddit and it will take a bit/nBackstory: I'm 14 and I love playing video games, like any other 14 yo does. I also have a little sister who just a week ago turned 10. Also mind that all of this is translated in English so the dialogues are a bit off.
      
So this happened a week ago at my little sister's bday party. Now I am lucky to live in a 2storey house. So as any other 10 yo my sister invited all of her classmates. And I mean all of them. Now I hate children, except my sister and my cousin, so as not to interact with them I stayed in my room in the second floor, and I played God of War on my PlayStation. So the party was downstairs and I didn't think that anyone would come to my room. So I was playing until I heard a knock on my door. It was quite a long time since the party started so I thought it was my mother to tell me that we were cutting cake singing happy bday etc. And I say come in.
Me is a dinosaur EK is entitled kid ED is entitled dad and M is my mom.
   


Me: come in.
Ek: can you tell me where the bathroom is?
Me: sure. It's (where it was)
Ek: ok thanks.
 

So it passes some time and I hear another knock on my door. Again I say come in.


Ed: why did you kick my son out of your room?
Me: he just asked for the bathroom.
Ed: don't lie to me. *Steps inside the room* Huh? What is this game? You are traumatising my child with that violence and sexuality.( It's fucking god of war, sexuality??)
Me: it's just a game. Can you please get out?
Ed: no I won't until you explain to me why are you playing this game in front of my son.
Me: I wasn't playing it in front of your son. Now get out.
Ed: listen here young man. Stop lying and get out of the fucking house.
Me: huh? You realise that is my house, right?
Ed: I don't care. Get out and give my son your Xbox.
Me: you can't tell me what to do it's my house and this is a PlayStation not an Xbox.

Here comes my mom and she is really fed up with what is happening.



M: what is going on over here?
Ed: your son was watching porn in front of my son.

She looked at the screen and was like:

Get the fuck out of my house and never step in here again.


Sory if it is pretty big I just felt the need to share it with you guys.
/nSo this happened about a year ago so the conversations aren't exact but they give the general idea. I live in a country where ice hockey is really small time. Average game attendance is around only 3,000 people. Usually if you want to see a game, you can show up, buy tickets at the desk on the night and have no problems. This particular game was an exception because it was right at the end of the season between the top two teams and the winner was likely to decide who won the league. To add to this it was also during a school break. Knowing all of this me and my partner decided it would be a smart move to call and book tickets in advance and we were right to do so as I rang the day after they went on sale and they were almost all booked. 

&#x200B;

(EM- entitled mom, TD- ticket desk lady, GF- Girlfriend)  


Come the night, me and my partner are waiting in the line for the ticket desk to collect the tickets we booked over the phone. In front of us is EM and her child. She gets to the front of the line and the conversation goes something like this. 

&#x200B;

EM- Two please

TD- I'm sorry, but we're all sold out

EM- What? How can you be all sold out? You're never sold out? I need tickets for this game, it's my sons birthday!

TD- Sorry but there's nothing I can do, this is a popular match and it's first come, first serve. There are just no empty seats  left at all. 

This conversation continued for a while, EM in complete disbelief that the game is sold out and demanding something be done because it's her sons birthday. Eventually TD had enough and told EM there was nothing she could do and the line was getting long so she would call security if EM didn't leave. EM slammed her hand on the counter turned around and stormed off. 

We get to the front and I explain that I booked tickets, TD finds them and hands them over. EM must have seen this because as we were walking towards the door EM was pushing her way back to the front of the line. We stopped and pretended to talk so we could listen to what was going on.

&#x200B;

EM- You just gave them tickets! You said it was first come first serve!

TD- Yes but that couple booked their tickets over the phone.

EM- That's  not fair! We were here first, they shouldn't be allowed to do that!

TD- Sorry but those are the rules. If you book over the phone next time you can guarantee yourself tickets when you arrive here on game night. 

EM- I don't care about next time, we need to see THIS game. Can't you make that couple to give their tickets to me since they technically cheated the first come first serve rule. 

TD- Absolutely not, It's not cheating anything, pre-booking is something we always offer. That couple booked and payed for their tickets well in advance and they rightfully belong to them. 

Eventually this conversation settles and EM is walking towards us. 

EM- Excuse me, I don't know if you were told, but this game is actually first come first serve and I was here before you so you have to give us those tickets. 

ME- Sorry, but these tickets are ours, we booked them in advance because we knew it would be busy.

EM- It's my sons birthday and you've cheated the system so you can steal our tickets! Give them to us now!

ME- I haven't cheated any system? I paid for these tickets weeks ago, you can't have them. 

I can sense that this is getting a little out of hand so me and GF decide to move towards the door to get away from the situation as she can't follow us inside. She didn't like that so she started following us yelling that we're "stealing her precious sons birthday present" and stuff like that. When we got to the door she started yelling to the security guards to stop us because we'd stolen her tickets after she bought them at the desk. It didn't take long for us to prove we bought the tickets and this lady was just acting crazy. 

I just couldn't believe the audacity of this lady to ask us to hand over our tickets we paid for months ago, just because she got there first and to then try and get us kicked out for stealing our own tickets! 

Anyway, we enjoyed the game, we won the league and I haven't seen EM since!/nThat’s a new record! Two EPs in one week! This happened TODAY! And I’m PISSED!!!


Backstory: as many of you might’ve guessed, I’m not the straightest crayon in the box. And I’m certainly not very manly. When I want to be, sure. But when I just feel like getting my flamboyant on, I will do so. 

(You’ve probably known. A 6’5 Dude with hair that hangs over one eye, the handler of a dog that I named RICO SUAVE for god’s sake, multilingual, a poet, aspiring author, artist, musician, and pretty obviously from the UK. Yeah. I wouldn’t assume that I’m straight either.) 

Here we go. 

I was on the boardwalk with my dog. I was walking, surprisingly. I don’t normally walk. The whole “I’m disabled and practically an albino” thing kind of shows. 

I was walking along, and I passed a parent and two kids. I happened to be wearing a pretty revealing tank top with a beanie, denim shorts, and my glasses. I remember, because I’m still wearing them now. 

So I was walking past this father and his children, and thought nothing of it until he tapped my shoulder.

ED: “Excuse me?”

Me: “Yes?”

ED: “Alright, Miss, could you just put on a damn jacket?”

The “Miss” was clearly sarcastic. And his tone was seriously that of a madman.

Me: “Uhm... I’m Male. And it’s August. I don’t have a jacket with me. Apologies, sir.”

The ED looked at my dog, who was sitting at my feet like a good boy, and scoffed before walking off.

I suddenly felt a pull on my shirt, and when I turned around, I saw my dog signaling me to use the bathroom. I took him over to under the boardwalk to do his business. When he finished, and we emerged, these kids were throwing fucking sand at us. They were shouting awful slurs about my presumed sexuality. They looked about 12-11 and were fucking laughing.

I remember ducking back under the boardwalk until this little girl came crawling under the walk.  She asked what I was doing, and I just waved it off. She basically witnessed what these kids were doing, and grabbed her mother. -s. This little girl ran out, and came back with two women. These women not only confronted the children, but then marched up to the father, and wordlessly slapped him. 

I am not kidding. It was the best. Thing. EVER!!

I just sat there looking elated while the little girl pet my dog. I was able to walk home with these three lovely ladies, and We even exchanged contact info, so we’re meeting up for lunch next Wednesday. 

(Don’t worry, these women aren’t much older than I. I’m a college student, and they look about 24-26.) 

Long story short; Rico and I had a lovely time, and made some new friends.

Edit: happy birthday to the little girl!/n 

This happened five years ago at my first job. It personally didn't happen to me but to the assistant store manager that I got along with very well. I'm not sure if it belongs here but r/TailesFromRetail stated it can't be posted there.  ASM - assistant store manager, EB- entitled boss, D- Doctor.

So ASM told me this story one night when it was just the two of us closing and she was wanting to rant to somebody about what happened two days prior. I don't remember some parts of the story she told me, but I remember the key parts.

ASM went out to dinner with her daughter to a seafood restaurant. Her daughter had never been allergic to seafood before but she had a bad allergic reaction to something to where her throat completely closed up and 911 had to be called. They apparently had to intubate her and later at the hospital the doctors had to put her on life support and she was in critical condition. ASM stayed at her daughter's bedside the entire night and called loved ones about the situation and at the same time called our store director (EB) to call out for work since she was opening the store at 9am. She called the store director at 6am to give them enough time to call another manager in to open. The store director didn't answer her phone so she left a voice mail. An hour or so passed after she had left the voice mail and by this time her daughter was surrounded by their loved ones saying prayers. ASM's phone went off the middle of a prayer and it was "Entitled Boss" on the caller ID. ASM excused herself from the hospital room and out to the hallway to answer the call.

ASM - Hi EB.

EB - Hi ASM. I just got your voice mail. You know you can't call out. You are the opening manager and have to be there to open the store. You need to come in for work on your scheduled shift.

ASM - What? No, I am not coming to work. Did you not listen to my voice mail?I am at the hospital because my daughter is currently on life support in critical condition.

EB - Yes I did listen, but you still need to come in to work. You are not the one in the hospital so you are still fit to work today.

ASM is freaking out at this point, that's when her daughter's doctor was coming down the hallway and saw ASM in distress.

D- Is there something wrong?

ASM (covering her phone) - My boss is trying to tell me I need to come to work even though I just explained to her why I am here.

D- Let me talk to her.

ASM was taken back by the nice doctor she has known all night suddenly get very angry. She passed her phone to the doctor.

D - Hello this Dr. D. Am I speaking to ASM's boss?

EB - Yes, why are you on the phone?

D - I am on the phone to tell you why ASM cannot make it to work today. Her daughter has been hospitalized all night in critical condition and on life support. Let me explain what life support is. Life support is when a machine is keeping a human being ,that happens to be ASM's daughter, alive. If that machine was not hooked up to her right now, ASM would be making funeral arrangements. Let me ask you this, are you a mother?

EB - Yes bu-

D - So you should understand how she feels that her daughter, her flesh and blood, is in a hospital bed with wires and a machine attached to her to keep her alive. ASM has been by her daughter's bedside all night sobbing and praying that her daughter's condition will improve. Her entire family is here right now not sure if they have to say their final goodbyes. Once again, ASM will not be able to work today and I will gladly give her a doctors note and write my exact feelings on this matter for your HR department to see. Goodbye.

The doctor hung up on EB and ASM was completely gobsmacked.

D - Now. Let's go to your daughter's room. We have some good news.

ASM's daughter's condition started to improve and they were able to remove her off of life support and her body started to breathe on its own. She recovered quickly through the day and she was able to go home that afternoon with ASM. ASM was able to make her scheduled shift the next day and was confronted by EB.

EB - Never do that to me again! Do you know how embarrassing that was for me?

ASM - I did not do anything. That doctor chose to do that. I'm sorry that my daughter was near death and I couldn't come in to work.

EB - I already wrote you up. HR will be hearing about this! You're lucky I'm not firing you!

ASM submitted her own HR report about EB and gave a copy of the doctor's note. I read that note myself that night, that doctor was true to his word and wrote his exact feelings about EB. ASM ended up getting a call from HR Management and they apologized for what happened and informed her that they already contacted EB's boss and she will be reprimanded for her behavior. EB ended up having to take a sensitivity class for about a week and was not allowed to work for that week.

Edit: Just to clear up some confusion I've seen in the comments. I'm not the mother and the daughter in the story us not mine. This happened to a manager I worked with and we got along really well. She was upset and needed to vent. I was closing that night and she told me this whole ordeal.

TLDR: ASM's daughter is in the hospital on life support. EB calls ASM stating that she needs to come to work, no excuses. Doctor smacks down EB. ASM's daughter recovers and reports EB after EB tries to report her to HR. EB ends up a week with no work and taking a sensitivity class for that week./nSo have severe social anxiety and am currently waiting to have an autism diagnosis. When I get extremely stressed I get a sharp pain in my right side which stops me from walking long distances, and sometimes even just walking at all.

I had a doctors (psychiatric doctor for mental health) appointment which make me super anxious, since I have to repeat the same stuff about how basically I’m still in the same position as always and I am still not getting proper help with certain stuff.

Me and my mum get a taxi there which drains my energy a fair amount, but I deal with it since it’s way more better than a bus.

We enter the clinic and find that it’s busier than usual. There are ten seats in a small room and 5 people were already occupying them, and them being adults they were waiting for there children to come out from being seen. 

I sat at the end near the door where I always go to when I enter, my mum checks me in at the reception, and so now that’s all that’s left to do is to wait to be called. These doctors are usually early with there patients, and I can’t remember a time where I went in and wasn’t seen at least 15 minutes before our scheduled appointment, so I wasn’t too worried about the waiting schedule. My pain was slowly getting worse so I was trying to focus and read my book, when a loud woman came into the office. 

She had a pram with her, and a son who I assume is about 12 or 13 as he was wearing a local secondary school uniform. When she came in she immediately started banging on the glass of the receptionist ( they have a glass screen that they open when someone arrives but shut it when they don’t need to talk to anyone) told the lady that her son was here giving no info apart from his name (you need to go through addresses and phone numbers and also prove who the carer or parent is) which made her even angrier since they “didn’t know who he was” and that he “is the most important client they have!” (Quotes from the EM herself)

She gave up and told them all the necessary details, signed in and gave her identification,  then walked towards her son who in the mean time, had sat in the chair next to me. There was no other chairs next to him. The chairs were in two rows of four and a pair right by the doctors entrance. Me and my mum were sat in the middle of the four, the son sat next to me, two people had already collected there kids by the time she had finally told the receptionist who she was and confirming who her son was, and I assumed she would sit in the two paired seats so she would be near her son and have space for the pram.

Nope. She walked straight up to me leading to the following encounter- 
EM- entitled mum Me- uh well me Mother- my mum
Em- excuse me? Dear? You’re sitting in my seat so can you move over a couple? 
Now I was in a lot of pain at this point and didn’t want to move since I would be going in soon
Me- umm well I was uh here first so um-
Em- well I know dear but I need to sit next to my son. He won’t sit next to anyone other than me since he has really bad autism and hates being touched and near other people.
Mother- look my daughter was here first, and he didn’t seem to have a problem sitting next to her so why don’t you just sit over there *pointing to the two separate chairs*
Em- umm I don’t know if you heard but we are VERY IMPORTANT CLIENTS (yes VERY important. So important that the receptionist didn’t know who you were!) and he has super bad autism. I deserve to sit next to my son. He’s extremely smart and sat next to you knowing that your brat would move for me!
Mother- look my daughter also has autism but that doesn’t mean that I have the right to be an asshole for her sake, same goes for you! Plus she is in a lot of pain caused by her disability, and moving is very hard for her! So let her sit there and leave her alone.
Em- Disability?! She doesn’t have a disability! She’s not blind or in a wheelchair and she doesn’t even LOOK disabled! She doesn’t have one!

This confused me since she LITERALLY just said that her son had autism. Like, girl. Your son has a disability just like I do! And you would KNOW how much pain autism can cause because your son is GODDAMN AUTISTIC!!!!

The son had noticed the situation, and headed towards the two seats to end the situation. EM tried to stop him but he shook her off and sat by the wall. Em sat next to him huffing about what happened and telling her son off for moving when WE were the ones who were supposed to move.

The doctor called us in about 10 minutes later and we had the meeting like usual. Whilst I did have  that horrible experience that lead me to have an anxiety attack, I found out that there was a school willing to interview me to see if I could go! I’ve been out of school so long and have been looking for a school willing to take me back a year and the doctor told me that there was one who wanted to talk it over!!!! I’m crying rn so you guys better appreciate this okay?

Glad that it didn’t end up as bad as others EM problems had, and that the son was kind enough to move.

Also I just want to say that if you are at a children’s mental health clinic PLEASE BE RESPECTFUL!! Everyone there is tired about it. Everyone is pissed off about the waiting lists and everyone there is dealing with a horrible part of there life!!! If you are there then you and the people in the waiting rooms probably aren’t dealing with a visible disability such as blindness, deafness or mobility issues. But do know that those things can come along with a mental illnesses and disabilities, just like mental issues can come along with visual disabilities.

Thanks for this reddit for letting me share this story. Whilst I intend for it to be an EM story, I just want you guys to know about this if you do ever go to a mental health clinic.

Edit- for those of you who were wondering about the school opportunity, we made the resection a few hours ago decided to decline the offer. My body still isn’t in the best shape, neither is my mental health. Whilst there were a few pros, there were also too many cons and too many risks for me to take. Whilst it sucks a lot to not have the opportunity to go back, it’s what’s best for me./nEM: Entitled mom 

Ek:  Entitled kid 

Me: Me (duh)

F: Friend

(Back story) So my friend and I went up to the local bowling alley. ( I live in a small city and it was the only bowling alley in our town, so on weekends it's packed.) We walk up and pay for an hourly rate. We end one game and started up a new game and that is when we see EM and EK.

&#x200B;

Me: (trying to be polite) Hi how are you.

EM: (Gives me a dirty look)

We already could tell she was a Dick and we continued to bowl. But all hell broke loose because I got a turkey (This is when you get 3 strikes in a row) 

EK: Mommy I want the ball he using.

EM: Can you give your ball to my son  

Me: It's 12 pound your kid can't use. It's too heavy for him. 

EM: Give me your ball NOW!

Me: I'm sorry your brat can't lift the ball lady, now leave me and my friend alone.

EM: Excuse me, did you just call my child a brat.

Friend: Lady, leave us alone we are just trying to bowl

The EM went to go get snacks and we thought that would be the end of it but the Ek is now running up to us and trying to take the ball when I'm using it. One time he almost got hit with it and the EM isn't doing anything. Since the kid can't get my ball so he goes for my friend's ball. This time the EK does get hit by the ball on his forehead. 

EM: (comes running back) YOU HIT MY KID YOU AS\*HOLE. THAT'S ASSAULT TO A MINOR. 

Everyone is looking at me and my friend thinking we hit EK. The bowling alley owner camer over and tried calmed the lady down but she still demanded that we should get kicked out for hitting her son. So long story short we went into the camera room and the EM saw that her EK ran in front of my friend and she gets kicked out.

HAHAHA whose laughing now Kathy.

&#x200B;

 

&#x200B;/nFirst time with one of these, so I hope I did it pretty good. TLDR at bottom. On mobile, so may make some mistakes. If I do, make fun of me as English is my first and only labguage.

P-Para Ek-Entitled kid Ed-Entitled dad Em-Entitled mom

First thing I want to say is I did not witness this as I had track practice during the incident, but I heard all about it from a lot of people I trust and can promise you it is pretty accurate.

So I live in the country near a small town (1,000ish people) along with almost all of the kids that go to my school. Unfortunately, that means I live near Ek's family. When they first moved in 5ish years ago, they were pretty cool. Unfortunately it didn't stay that way. Now onto the story.

So my school releases as 3:30, but all teachers are required to stay until at least 4:00 in case any students need help on their homework. This includes paras (who help with our libraries in our school). It also happens to include any student that is failing a class, where they have to stay after school until 4 to work on their grade in that class. The Ek in this situation, just so happened to be failing a few classes.

Ek, by the way, is the worst driver I have ever seen.

P was driving out of my schools parking lot at 4ish (there is only one main exit anyone uses) and Ek comes whipping right up behind her in her beat up vehicle that has clearly had a few fender benders. Somehow, she manages to hit the back end of P's car and leaves a nice little dent along with scratches on P's car, as well as her own. Being the entitled little shit she is, she immediately drives off and pretends nothing happens.

The next day P talks to the school administration about having a talk with Ek to sort out the mess she made. When the school brings Ek in, she claims that she wasn't even at the school at that time and that P must have already had the dent and was just trying to place the blame on Ek so Eks family would have to pay for it, as everyone considers her a bad driver (except her parents). The school decides to call in Ek's parents hoping they will talk some since into their daughter. Boy were they wrong.

Ed is technically a tax advisor, but always talks about how he is basically a lawyer and has all the knowledge needed to be one. Em is just a hype man (I guess woman) to her husband. They are both crazy.

When Ed and Em come in, without even hearing any of the evidence say that Ek is innocent, as she could never do such a thing with how precious she is. They agree with Ek that P was lying about the damage to her car. Ed says that if the school doesn't punish P (fire her or something?) he will sue P for a false claim and the school for, something? He demands that P admits that she was lying about the damage, and even pay for repairs for Ek's car for the annoyance it brought Ed and Em, as well as upsetting Ek so badly.

P refused to drop the claims, and even decided to counter sue Ed and Em for their claims against her. Little did Ed know, but the school had security camera footage literally showing Ek smashing into P's new car, and then speeding off (along with the matching dents and scratches). The school and P never told Ed about the footage, and he actually took her to court, and represented him and his daughter. From what I heard, the second the security footage was presented, he was dumbfounded and I believe P won her counter sue which fixed all the damage and then some. The school banned Ek from parking in the parking lot for 3 months, as well as banning Ed and Em from being on school grounds for the same amount of time unless they were specifically called in by the school.

Hope that was pretty good. Thanks to those of you who sort by new. Also, I have plenty more Ep/Ek stories from this family if you guys want them, THEY ARE CRAZY!

TLDR - Ek, a terrible driver, crashes into a school para. Family sues para for false claims, para counter sues for damages, and uses security footage showing the crash. Ek, Ed, and Em get what they deserve 

EDIT: Everyone was asking what Para meant. I dont know exactly what it stands for but they basically help out around the school where needed. Not paratrooper or paralegal. Sorry for the confusion.
Also, I dont fully understand the legal part of it. Just that he sued and she had the footage and won. Wish I could tell you more.

I'll share more stories of their family later.

Thanks for silver!/nEntitlement is Endless!

&#x200B;

So let me preface this with a few facts. I love Elite Dangerous; a space game where you blaze your own trail in a giant recreation of our galaxy. You can buy ships, customise them for different tasks, and generally have fun either on your own or with other players. One simple thing you can customise on your ship is the Name, something I love doing as it makes the ship feel more personal. I'd also like to mention that I enjoy MLP, kinda weird I know, but to each their own, right?

&#x200B;

In Elite, I have a few combat ships built for specific purposes; I have Intrepid, a mid-range multipurpose Anaconda, built for PVE combat, SunLight, a Krait built for long-range combat missions, and two small ships, an Imperial Eagle and a Cobra III called Starlight and Glimmer respectively. These fill similar roles, that being short-range dog-fighters, except for the fact that Starlight is smaller and much faster than Glimmer, and is generally designed to combat small fighters and Ship Launched Fighters.

&#x200B;

NOTE: None of my ships are built for PVP (yes there is a difference) but they can all handle their own in a fight. And this is where SP comes into play.

&#x200B;

EP - Entitled Parent, SP - Shitty Pilot, Me - Me.

&#x200B;

So I was in Starlight, doing some bounty hunting in a Resource Extraction Site. All was going well until I spotted SP in a Viper MKIII killing players for no reason, as in he wouldn't demand cargo or deploy a hatch breaker limpet to steal cargo, he would just deploy his hardpoints and fire at will. Needless to say, he had a huge bounty on his head, and because the RES was a Hazardous site, there would be no Police Support. This was fine, a Viper MKIII would prove a lovely challenge for Starlight, so after a Kill Warrant Scan (you get more money that way) I shot him a warning message, telling him to leave if he valued his ship and dignity.

&#x200B;

He replied by opening fire. This is where the fun begins!

&#x200B;

I retaliate, managing to strip his shields with my Pulse Laser and Burst Laser, both heavily modified, before letting rip with my Seeker Missile Rack. The fight lasted a minute, with my shields never going down as he was using gimballed weapons and could not turn fast enough to hit me.

&#x200B;

Fast forward an hour and Starlight is nearly crippled after an engagement against a much bigger Python (I tend to get daring in combat, the Python still lost BTW, but I did have help from a few other players) so I head back to the local station to fix my ship and possibly deploy in Glimmer.

&#x200B;

As I arrive, I find SP in a much bigger Alliance Chieftain (a rather brilliant ship, and a definite threat to my Eagle), but he was docked so I thought nothing of it. SP takes notice of me docking, and messages me.

&#x200B;

SP: Oh? Docking are we?

&#x200B;

Me: Yeah, fight with a Python went bad

&#x200B;

SP: Why have you named ur ship Starlight?

&#x200B;

Me: Because Starlight is a character from a show, she's my favourite actually

&#x200B;

SP: From MLP right?

&#x200B;

SP: She's my favourite as well

&#x200B;

Me: Nice, I'm going to dock and grab a snack

&#x200B;

Me: Stay out of trouble o7

&#x200B;

NOTE: o7 is a sign used by commanders as a salute and is generally used when you are on good terms with another pilot, or that you respect them.

&#x200B;

SP: Voice?

&#x200B;

This meant that SP wanted to switch to voice comms, something I do not like to do, but agreed anyway. This Kid sounded around 9 or 10, but he may have been older.

&#x200B;

Me: Yeah, what do you want?

&#x200B;

SP: Could you change your ship name? Starlight's my fav character so getting killed by her hurts a little

&#x200B;

Me: Sorry, no can do, you were ganking innocent players and I fought back

&#x200B;

The line goes dead, and I assume that SP must be AFK. That is until I heard the voice of a woman at the other end. And this is where shit gets real.

&#x200B;

EP: Excuse me, but why did you kill my son?

&#x200B;

Me: He was attacking other players for no reason, and wanted me to change my ship name because he didn't like the fact that Starlight blew him up in an Imp Eagle

&#x200B;

EP: So change the name if it upsets him!

&#x200B;

Me: Miss, I'm sorry to upset your son, but this is my ship, I sank so many hours into modifying this thing and making her perfect, so I'm not about to change the name of it just to please your son.

&#x200B;

EP: HOW DARE YOU! Change it this instant or I will have your account deleted!

&#x200B;

Me: Very well then

&#x200B;

So with that I switch to my bigger Cobra III, Glimmer.

&#x200B;

SP deploys and I follow. He hasn't even left the station before he starts firing upon innocent ships, yelling "Stupid N\*\*\*ers in those stupid ships, get better ships!"

&#x200B;

Me: That wasn't very nice (I'm putting on my false, overly dramatic voice now)

&#x200B;

SP: So what? What are you going to do about it?

&#x200B;

I say nothing, but because he is wanted and is out of the No-Fire-Zone, I deploy my hardpoints and get to work. It was a long fight, the ship obviously built to be a hull tank, because it was slow and barely got a shot off. SP was also a pretty shit pilot, trying to use Multi-cannons to strip my shields and using rail-guns on such a small and fast target (I only got hit once by this attack), he never used Flight Assist well, sitting like a duck whenever he tried to turn, and boosting towards me trying to ram me.

&#x200B;

The fight was won by me, when he made the mistake of trying to slip into Silent Running to escape; Silent Running powers down your shields and stops regulating temperature, meaning you overheat quickly if your ship isn't built to handle it, which his wasn't.

&#x200B;

NOTE: When you commit a crime like murder in Elite Dangerous you get sent to a detention ship normally a single jump away from a inhabited system, and it was also a single jump away from where we were, so he could easily jump back into the system if he was killed.

&#x200B;

SP: What the hell! How is that fair!

&#x200B;

Me: You engaged innocent ships around a station, I'm surprised you lasted as long as you did.

&#x200B;

SP: MOM! THIS BASTARD IS SPAWN KILLING ME!

&#x200B;

I was taken aback, and docked, preparing myself for the verbal onslaught.

&#x200B;

EP: What do you think you're doing?

&#x200B;

Without thinking I reply: Flying a ship, killing a crappy pilot in a ship designed to piss him off

&#x200B;

EP: I thought I asked you to change the name?

&#x200B;

Me: I did, it is now Glimmer, as in, Starlight's last name; Starlight Glimmer

&#x200B;

EP: That isn't better! How dare you mock my son like that!

&#x200B;

Me: Play with fire, you get burnt, your son was killing innocent players at the Station, that's not something I smile at

&#x200B;

Me: He also said a very horrible racial slur, he could get seriously punished for that

&#x200B;

EP: Don't you dare lie to me! My son is a little angel!

&#x200B;

Me: I'm sure he is, because nothing speaks angel like yelling racial slurs and killing players for no reason

&#x200B;

I had had it at this point, and SP had just arrived back into the system in his Chieftain, so I docked and pulled out the big guns...

&#x200B;

MY EXPLORER BELUGA!!! A huge ship designed for exploration with no guns, no defence other than a shield generator. This ship was named Moondancer, for no other reason than I like the name Moondancer for an explorer.

&#x200B;

So I deploy, and wait for SP to fuck up. Keep in mind he is still on comms, so I can hear everything he's saying. He attacks a small Hauler first and so I begin. I throttle up, point my ship in his direction and ram him at high speed. It did no damage to me, but nearly took out his shields.

&#x200B;

SP: What the hell! What the fuck is wrong with you!

&#x200B;

Me: Maybe don't fire upon innocent ships?

&#x200B;

I ram him again and now he gets mad; his shields are down and he's taking hull damage from the station guns.

&#x200B;

SP: What the fuck is wrong with you?

&#x200B;

SP: I'm playing this game fair and square!

&#x200B;

Me: True, still makes you a dick.

&#x200B;

And with that, I ram him one last time and he blows up, killed by a Passenger Ship with no guns.

&#x200B;

Needless to say, he disconnected, swearing loudly and calling me horrible names. I couldn't care less, I was laughing too hard.

&#x200B;

Let this be a note to all you gankers and Entitled Parents; never mess with a bounty hunter with an attitude and an Eagle called Starlight.

&#x200B;

EDIT: To stop people asking, the game is called Elite Dangerous and is available for PS4, XBox One and PC.

&#x200B;

EDIT 2: The game is not free; it's £20 on Steam and £40 if you buy Horizons DLC with it/nThis happened about 4 years ago, I was 21 at the time. I worked in a tire factory, and it’s was a pretty sweet deal. Check in, do your job, check out, no mess. 

We’d take short 20 minute breaks every 3 hours or so. One time, after going out for some fresh air, I was trying my then recently purchased Arctic Lazer when I notice there’s a mother and son (of about 8 years of age) and somewhat 20 yards away. The kid runs at me and says:

EK: Hey mom, look, it’s laser! Can I try?

EM: Sure, go ahead (while getting closer)

M: Ahm. No, not really. This is actually dangerous, it even has a child-proof syst—

EM: what? Aren’t you a little old to be playing with lasers? Just give it to him and stop being selfish

M: my age isn’t relevant to this discussion, I wont give anything to your kid

She goes crazy and interrupts.

EM: I DONT CARE. Listen here you little shit, who do you think you are to say no to my boy?

Me: M’am, it’s actually for his own safety. This is very dang—

EM then tries to grab and take it from me.

EK starts kicking

I then push him away so he stops, but he immediately starts crying 

EM: see what you did? You just hit my kid

The security guy occasionally passes by and EM throws a fit:

EM: call the police NOW, I want to press charges, he molested my kid and stole his laser toy! 

Guard: I saw the whole thing from distance, this is not his toy. May I ask why are you here in the factory grounds anyway?

EM: MY HUSBAND [manager’s name] IS THE BOSS. I’M GOING TO HAVE BOTH YOUR ASSES FIRED BY TOMORROW! 

I’M ALSO HAVING YOU JAILED FOR STEALING MY SON’S PROPERTY AND HITTING US.

She then rips one sleeve of her blouse and messes her hair, and calls someone.

EM: [manager’s name] honey please, come help me, I’m so scared, one of your employees just stole from [EK’s name], and assaulted us. *screams pretending I’m doing something to her* LET ME GO — I’m so scared, please, come quick

This whole time the security guard just looks astonished, and when her husband comes, he explains:

SG: Hey sir, I was here the whole time and he did not hurt your son or wife in anyway 
Manager: well, are you sure? Look at how she is
SG: I’m positive. Still, if you want to confirm, we can look at cameras B2 and B7, as they surveil specifically this area 
Manager: ok. I’d like to see ‘em.

At the moment EM realized she was being filmed the whole time, she tried getting out of it, trying to defuse her husbands willingness to see the tapes

EM: you know what honey, we better just leave it at that, can we just go home? I’m exhausted and don’t want to extend this any longer 

Me: I urge you see the tapes, as the accusations your wife made are very serious.
Manager: yes, we should see the tapes

After seeing the tapes in private, the manager profusely apologized and decided to promote me one level up. He said he had an idea that it was a lie, because she was a diagnosed sociopath and mythomaniac

After a week or so, he confessed me that was the last he could take from her and that he was divorcing her and requesting full custody of the child as she was unstable and unfit to raise a child.

In the process of divorce that happened during the course of the next couple of months, the manager discovered she was cheating on him with her co-worker

Also, somehow figured out what my number was, and called to apologize. She said she was trying to get back to her family, and she regretted doing what she did. I told her to go fuck herself. 

Poor manager, you could see he was a good guy that just happened to have bred the wrong crazy lady, and was paying for this bad decision
/nSo this just happened today and I am still shook up by it. Btw I am on mobile so don’t hate on me for my grammar or spelling.

Cast: 
EK: entitled kid (10th grader btw)
EM: entitled mom
M: my mom
P: principal
Me: meatloaf elephant 

So EK and I have many of the same classes but we aren’t really friends, although we have mutual friends. He has a history of groping and sexually touching boys (he isn’t gay but everyone calls him it, he actually just does it because he thinks it is funny) He has tried to touch me in the past, but not successfully. So we were in English class (language arts for non Americans) and I had just gone to the teacher to  ask to use the restroom (she said no :( )  and I was walking back and I have to pass EK’s seat so I walk past and then I feel something touching my butt. I turn around and see him trying to shove a pencil up my ass and I am furious. I swat it away and call him gay among other things and then he shrugs tells me to go kill myself. I go back to my seat and finish the school day planning on emailing the principal when I got home. Then, on my way back, I get a text from him with a picture of a noise asking if I want to try it out. 

THE NEXT DAY

I go to the principals office with my mom and he comes with his mom. P then explains the situation to EM (my mom already knew) and she had the audacity to say “well he’s curious, you know how kids are” and I just sit there in shock. First of all, he’s 15, second of all, he shoved a pencil IN MY ASS I explain this to his mom plus telling her how he told me to commit suicide. Before she can say anything, P interrupts to tell her that EK will have 1 week of out of school suspension. Em then goes balistic saying that “Me should get punished for calling him gay and making EK question his sexuality. I then respond with “well if you don’t want people to think he is gay, then maybe make sure he doesn’t go around shoving pencils up peoples asses. EM then tries to attack me but my mom steps in front of her, and since my mom is 5,7 and taller than the EM she gets EM to back away (did I mention that my mom is ripped AF?) The principal sends them out of the office and as EM leaves she mutters under her breath that “we wouldn’t have to deal with any of this if I had just killed myself like EK asked” My mom yelled after her that she was a b@$& and should’ve taken her birth control. In the end, P apologized profusely and my mom took me out to ice cream (cookies and cream is the superior flavor).

TL;DR: EK sexually assaults me and tells me to kill myself, gets angry that I didn’t./nSo for a bit of context, I'm a young composer (18) meaning that I write a lot of music. I recently had a job where I wrote music for a professional group and then conducted them in the performance. So I write the music for this group (my piece is one of three) and I have the score (Music for all parts on the same page) on my iPad. So I was really happy with this piece and I had enjoyed working with the group and then performance night came.

In walks Entitled Mother (EM) and her demon child (DC) \[about 5 or 6\]. This performance is a little informal so there are no assigned seats. I am sitting in the second row on the end when DC and EM sit down next to me. DC asks EM for his iPad to which she responds "Sorry sweety I left it at home." So I'm thinking you better not ask me. So she asks me if her son can play some games on my iPad (this is my work iPad that I use only for my composition. I politely decline saying that I need it for the performance as it has my score that I need to conduct. EM then goes on about how I'm too young to conduct a professional group and how I was lying. Luckily the people sitting behind me heard what was going on and got the steward (S) who saw me earlier in the rehearsal with the iPad. S askes EM what's going on. EM claims I stole her son's iPad and refused to give it back. S then asks me to come with him. He takes me to a different seat whilst he gets one of his colleagues to remove EM.  So, in the end, EM was removed from the theatre and has coped an 18-month ban./nI know this is TMI but... when I was born I had hair but my mom said it was so light that you couldn't tell I had hair from just looking at it as I grew older my hair darkened but I still have a few NATURAL HIGHLIGHTS in my hair. And 1 goes straight down my hair so it's hard not to notice. My school doesnt allow highlights (private school and this is the start of the school year couple months ago) 
T-Teacher
Ek-SNOTTY RICH KID 
EM-ALMIGHTY KAREN
Me-A potato eating kid

*T goes over handbook*

T-And no highlights 

Ek-BUT SHE (me) HAS HIGHLIGHTS

Me-Um they're natural highlights...

T-Ya it just seems to be a few streaks they arent highlights

The next day

Em-How come you can have highlights and Ek cant

Me-Um ma'am I was born with platinum blonde hair and my hair got darker over the years so I have a few blonde...

Em-Well get them removed 

(I dont know how'd you do this)

Me-No

Em-Then dye your hair

Me-No 

T-Whats going on here

Em-She was asking us how to get rid of her highlights

Me-No I wasn't 

T-Em You signed the handbook if ek comes in with highlights she will get detention

Em-HOW COME SHE CAN HAVE THEM THEN

T-She was born with it now please leave her alone  

Me-*sees  dad's car*  Bye T

Em-GET BACK HERE/nbackstory im bi and i met this guy at my school we hung out and went on a date at the county fair

we were literally just holding hands and this lady goes

&#x200B;

EM"ugh fucking homos"

&#x200B;

me"excuse me"

&#x200B;

EM"i said have a good day"

&#x200B;

(i know she didn't say this but i didn't wanna start anything)

this goes on and on with her saying homophobic slurs when she walks bye

about 3 hours of this goes on

we want to go on rides and she would say

EM"homos dont deserve to ride im straight i should go before you"

after a while the guy i was with dumped a soda on her because we had enough

she called security but they did nothing

we start to leave and this women has the audacity to say

&#x200B;

EM"you faggots are going to hell"

&#x200B;

ME"see you there fuckhead"

the rest of the night was fun

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

edit: HOLY SHIT 1.3K in less than 24 hours thnx everyone/nEP=Entitled Parent EC= Entitled Child E=Employee M=Manager and me=me.

So this happened a couple of years ago around December. I had fractured my tibia plateau and needed to get crutches and a wheelchair. I had to get a cast before I could walk around with my crutches though.

I was at the nearby Walgreens that was about a block from my house, so wheeling my chair there wasn't a struggle.

I get inside the Walgreens and wheel myself towards the toilet paper. I remembered at that moment that my doctor had wanted me practicing walking around with the crutches so I could get used to them, so I did.

I get out of the wheelchair and slowly walk towards the milk, leaving my wheelchair in the toilet paper aisle, which was 1 aisle away from the milk.

An employee notices me struggling to try to open the door, and they help me open the door and get the milk for me.

I make my way back to the aisle where my wheelchair is, and this is where the trouble begins.

EP is pushing her child around on the wheelchair, while her child is happily screaming, "WEEE! FASTER!"

I walk back to my wheelchair where the EP stopped to take a break, and confront her.

Me: Uh, excuse me, ma'am?

EP: Yes?

Me: What are you doing with my wheelchair?

EP: Well, I saw it was empty, so I figured I might as well just grab it.

Me: Well, this is my wheelchair, and you shouldn't do that with someone else's property. May I have it back?

EP: Um, you're obviously able to walk without the wheelchair, you don't need it.

I was struggling to stand at this point and was sweating profusely. (I was not in good shape when I fractured my leg, so standing up for a while made me tired fast.)

Me: Ma'am please, I REALLY can't stand up like this for long.

EP: Not my fault! You shouldn't leave a wheelchair unoccupied, so it's mine now!

EC: Mommy, I thought you said we could have it...

The kid, who looks like he is around 8, starting crying and stomping his foot and the floor, saying repeatedly, "I WANT IT! I WANT IT NOW!"

The employee who helped me get the milk notices and comes over to us.

E: What's going on here?

EP: This man just tried stealing my son's wheelchair!

Me: What?!

E: Ma'am, this is his wheelchair, not yours.

EP: No it's not! It's mine now!

E: \*signals for the manager to come over\*

The kid is still crying out loud in the wheelchair while his mom is trying to comfort him. I was feeling really tired at this point and feeling light-headed.

The manager comes over.

I knew the manager personally, he and my mom used to work at an apothecary downtown with each other, so we always knew each other.

M: Ma'am, if you do not give him back the wheelchair, we're gonna have to kick you out.

A bunch of other people is staring at her at this point, and the mom looks nervous.

The entitled parent gets her son out of the wheelchair, pushes it over, and runs out of the store, holding her son's hand, who is still crying.

The employee and the manager help set the wheelchair back up, and help me get back into it. They felt bad that I had to deal with that, so they offered to help pack the groceries and gave me some coupons.

The manager, whom I will call Dave, walked with me back to my house and helped get the groceries into the house. Before he left, he told me, "Make sure your mom knows what happened today OP."

Me: Okay, I will Dave! Thank you!

He smiles at me and walks back to the Walgreens.

When my mom got home from work that evening, I told her what happened. She was furious.

The EP and EC are banned from that Walgreens for life. I also heard that my mom sued her because she damaged my wheelchair, and since the wheelchair was very expensive, (old, but expensive) my mom took it to court. She won the case.

TL;DR, Entitled mom steals my wheelchair for her son and makes a scene out of it in a Walgreens.

Edit 1: If you are wondering how my mom got a lawsuit going with the lady, what happened was after the EM ran out so fast, she dropped her drivers license, (cliché, I know) and the manager sent a picture of it to my mom. Who then started to get a complaint going. The EM somehow broke the two front wheels, and the left part of the foot rest.

Edit 2: I should've typed this earlier, but I did in fact have to go with my mom to the court ruling, since I was one of the main witnesses that day. I talked about how I witnessed the EM pushing her son around in the wheelchair, how she claimed it was hers, blaming me for stealing it and such. I was tired that day so I don't remember too much about the court complaint, other than hearing the EM mostly complain about how "she doesn't have the money to repair a wheelchair, and it's not even that good of a wheelchair to cost that much money in repairs. Yadda yadda.

Edit 3: Thank you very much for the awards kind strangers!/nSo I’m a university maths teacher and every semester you’ll get a few students who just put zero effort in and (surprise, surprise) they fail the subject. University policy is that if they’re failing after 4 weeks of classes, we send them an ‘early intervention’ email, and we tell them to come and speak to us if there’s some kind of issue or extenuating circumstance that’s causing the problem. Other than that, it’s entirely up to the student. They’re adults, they’re supposed to be responsible for their own progress. 

So last semester I get one of these students. I reach out to him 4 weeks in and he doesn’t respond. I send him a second email in week 5 strongly urging him to come and see me before he falls too far behind, and again, I get nothing back. In week 6 I give him one last chance and I offer to run him through the course material that he’s missed if he just agrees to come and see me. Nothing. 

Fine. Your funeral.

Semester ends and you’re never going to believe it - he fails. A few days later I get a phone call and I’m told it’s the student’s dad (we’ll call him EF).

*Side note: This happened a couple of months ago, so I’m paraphrasing a bit*

Me: Hello, this is [my name]

EF: Yes, hello, this is [his name], [student]’s father. I would like you to explain why my son failed your subject?

Me: Sir, your son only submitted 2 of 7 assignments and did very poorly on the exam. My records reflect that he only attended 1 of his 20 lectures and didn’t view them online. I tried to reach out to him a couple of times and I encouraged him to come and speak to me but I never heard back.

EF: If he was doing so badly, why weren’t we informed?

Me: Sir, this is university, not high school. We don’t reach out to parents when a student is failing. The students are supposed to be adults and we treat them as such.

EF: Well that’s a fuckin’ stupid policy, isn’t it?

Me: Sir, if you swear at me again, I’m hanging up this phone. I made every effort to help your son but he refused to accept it. It’s not my fault that he failed.

EF: Bullshit. It’s not his fault you’re an awful fucking teacher!

Me: [hangs up]

A few days later my boss comes into my office and tells me there’s been a formal complaint written about me, and that the complainant had suggested I be let go and replaced with someone ‘more qualified.’ I had to provide evidence to the dean that he’d made zero effort and that I’d tried to help him. Nothing bad came of it but it made me very angry and was a huge waste of my time. 

And for the record - I only taught half the subject. It’s split into algebra and calculus and I (a woman) only taught the calc part. My counterpart (a man) never heard from EF and no complaint was written about him, despite the fact that the student well and truly failed both parts of the subject./nI finally have enough karma.

Disclaimer: I'm on mobile and this is my first post. I thought it would fit here since these entitled parents seem to think cancer is contagious. I don't know if it actually fits here, but I just wanted to share this.

There won't be any dialogue.

I have a cousin who is about 7 or 8. He always got colds and he was very sick before he was diagnosed with cancer. The day he was, it was very very heartbreaking. He wasn't just my cousin but him and his twin brother were like my own little brothers. He was diagnosed with a severe case of leukemia. This meant several trips out of town to the nearest childrens hospital. Since he can't get sick, he has to wear a mask every time he goes and does his treatments. Because of this, anyone who was near him would back away or hide their kid. They would give my aunt dirty looks and talk about my cousin behind his back. It's understandable in a way because they don't know he has cancer. My aunt started getting annoyed by this so she got a bumper sticker that clarifies that he has cancer and some wristbands made.

I remember my aunt told me that one parent even told her to back off because she doesn't want her kid to get sick. When this ep found out my cousin actually had cancer, they scoffed and pulled their child away. It's frustrating even hearing it but to actually live that? It's genuinely horrible.

You would think that upon learning that he has cancer, the parents would relax a bit but they still acted like he would get their precious angels sick with cancer. He's been bullied because of this and teased. We have a few anti vax nutjobs in my town so his chances of getting sick are even higher. He ended up with a bad case of flu and had to be driven out of town, once again, to be treated. He's in remission now but this fight isn't over. His twin brother now has to be looked after because hes showing similar symptoms.

It's not as bad as the other stories here but it goes to show that uneducated parents really suck. My cousin is not contagious, he's not gonna give your child cancer. Anti vax parents refuse to get their children vaccinated and this has and will make my cousin even worse.

Edit: Wow! I honestly wasn't expecting this to blow up like it did! Thank you for the silver and the upvotes*. It really means a lot! And for those wondering, my cousin is one of the strongest people I know. Despite his cancer, he still acts like every other kid. He runs around and plays. He's someone I admire a lot. My family and I are grateful for everyone that has helped us in this time. ❤

*Thank you to the kind person who reminded me that it was upvotes! 😅/nK- kid
Em - entitled mum

So I was on a train going to London for a holiday and  I was in a very crammed carriage. Em and K get on and sit across from me. K pulls out a Nintendo switch and starts playing. Nothing out of the ordinary as it was a long journey and many people had laptops and the sort. The issues start when K starts slowly turning up the game (Pokémon so the noises were squeaky and annoying). He keeps turning it up slightly. Em is looking at people with a sort of angry look. She looks at me and and I look at her confused and she nods in the direction of K. I just nod and continue looking out the window. Em starts fake coughing and clearing her throat, whenever someone looked at her she nodded towards her kid.

So I'm sat here really confused about the em's intentions when the kid turns the switch up to full and starts blaring Pokémon. Everyone turns round to looks at him and em looks happy, then the ticket dude comes over and politely asks K to turn it down. K agrees and turns it down and continues playing. Em looks furious but doesn't say anything. 5 peaceful minutes pass until K leans over and asks if I want to play Mario kart with him. I politely decline and K doesn't make a fuss, however em glares at me and says
Em-"excuse me!"
Me-"pardon?"
Em-"why won't you play with my son?"
Me-"I'm sorry I just don't want to and I'm getting off soon-"
Em-"well you should. My son has done well in school and I have bought him that Nintendo as a reward, he should get the attention he deserves"
I just laugh and continue staring out the window.
Em gets up, yanks one of the controller's from K and practically throws it at me

Me-"excuse me what the hell are you doing?"
Em-"that Nintendo was very expensive and you should aknowledge that and play with him as he deserves it."
I hand the controller back to the kid
Me-" i don't care. I don't want to play with your son. Leave me alone"
Em starts fake laughing really loud
Em-"hahah your just jealous and poor, who else will play with my son?"
She looks around the train at random people who all just avoid eye contact.
Em-"hahaha you are all poor and can't afford it! That's it! None of you care about your children enough!"
She looks triumphant and sits back down.
She starts saying stuff like "ooh what game is that it looks very fun and cool" and describing features of the switch very loud and keeps mentioning how expensive it is and how only parents like her can afford it.

Then this absolute legend of a guy sat across from Ek and em reaches into his bag and pulls out a switch which was a weird special edition one.
Guy-"wow your son's switch is very cool! But mine is more expensive and better(he was abviously joking but Em didn't get it), seems as though you can't afford mine and you aren't a good parent!"

Em looks gobsmacked but K looks really excited and asks em if he can play with guy
Em-" n-no you can't. We're getting off now"
Em and K get up and move to the next carriage. Guy looks very happy with himself and he just puts the switch away. Thankfully the rest of the journey was fine.

Edit: thanks so much for the silver kind stranger! I have been guilded!

Edit 2.0: 2nd silver! Thanks a bunch!/nMy sister: Rosa
Entitled dad: ED
Kids: daughter and son

I went to the swimming pool yesterday with my siblings and my mum. At this pool, there is two big slides, so the queue for them is pretty long as everyone wants to go on.

Me and my sister are in the queue for the biggest slide when the person behind us taps my shoulder. 

Me: “yes?”
ED: “you need to move, my kids are in front of you.”

Now I would have let him through if his kids were only young but they were both adults. So I say no because Rosa has been looking forward to going to this pool for ages and I can tell she will get annoyed if I let this guy through. Maybe this was the wrong thing to do but it was what I thought was right at the time.

Me: “sorry, no”

The guy doesn’t seem to care so I go back to talking to Rosa. However, a few minutes later I feel a hand on my bum and it squeezes. I spin around to look at this old fucking creep and he just smiles at me in a  ‘this is what you get’ attitude.

I don’t want to make a scene so I glare at him and move closer to my sister. Not a minute later he starts to throw water at us, now we haven’t been in the pool yet and this water is from this mans fat sweaty body. Needless to say Rosa was pissed.

I stop her from saying anything as I’m scared that he will do something worse, I know looking back that’s stupid and I should have made a scene but at the time I was pretty afraid.

His kids are obviously pissed at him and tell him to stop, to which he gropes his own daughter’s bum and smacks his sons ass. He has now leaned in between me and my sister and is brushing against me.

His kids go down the slide and me and Rosa go to wait at the platform and I didn’t see sweaty twat again, thank god.

I told my mum about it and she gave me a big hug and told me that if we saw him again she’d slap him, 10/10 parenting best mum.

Anyway my sister had a great time, my mentally ill ass hated it because of the noise and the amount of people, but my mental illness is a story for another day.

Edit 1: To everyone asking, I just told my dad and he said and I quote, “if I ever see him I’ll beat him into the ground,”

Thank you for the gold lovely kind stranger.

Edit 2: Here is my experience with an entitled parent in mental hospital as someone requested it 
https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbcc79/entitled_parent_at_the_mental_hospital/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app/nI am a small mute girl that works at a McDonalds in my town stocking and cleaning the kitchens during the day to make extra money for games, and other little things that I would be able to afford on disability alone. I also have a service dog (named Bolt) that come to work with me to every day as I am always at hard risk of having panic attacks and if it gets really bad I can have a seizure and even heart attacks. So I have Bolt there if I suddenly collapse or someone is causing me to have attacks to get them away from me or to get me away from them. I also normally hang out in the McDonalds after I finish work for a few hours to draw on my laptop and get a small meal. I also hang out with a few of the regular people that come in.

Entitled Mom: EM

Entitled Dad: ED

Entitled kid: EK

Anyway lets start the Story, This is a day that was doing an extra job that I normally wouldn't be doing, but this day there was barely anyone else working and we had a usually busy and my manager asked me to assist the drive-thru window and counter getting the orders and drinks ready for people while they would take other orders and get payment for the food and drinks. this is not normal I would be able to do because the stress would normally cause me to panic and collapse but this was a day I was feeling really good and thought I could handle it and I did for a while as most of the people seem to like me as I normally try to wear a smile and most people thought I was just some kid helping out as I'm only 4'9 and look like a little girl.About an hour into the lunch rush there was a break in cars at the drive-thru and the girl I was helping had to use the restroom and ask me to just keep an eye out. there were other people around to assist me if someone came and there were just two cars left and weren't very hard just a few drinks maybe 3$ to get from the two cars and just give them their sodas no real talking needed on my part. so I agreed and she was off a few seconds later the first car rolls up and goes off easy enough he was a little confused why I wasn't saying anything and probably problem just thought I was having a bad day. it went off without an incident. Income EM, she rolls up in a sports car (I'm not a car person I don't know the car it was fancy though.) and she starts out nice enough calling me cute and asking me for my age probably think I'm not old enough to work. I try to sign to her and point to my name tag that has a little sticker (i put on it) that is the muted sound logo on most things trying to tell her I'm mute and couldn't talk to her. She doesn't understand and give me a weird look beforehand me a 100 dollar bill for 3 sodas and small fries. which I immediately get worried when she hands me with a smug look on her face like she is that important that she carries around 100s like that but if you go to most fast food places you know you are not allowed to pay with anything larger then a 20 or sometimes 50. though this McDonald's does allow you to pay with 100s we have to get a manager to check it and get change for it as we don't keep that much money in the cash registers. So I try and tell her I need to get a manager and start to walk away with the bill to get my manager but before I can even make 2 steps away she yells at me.EM: Where do you think your going kid I want my change and food!

I look back at her and try again to explain what I'm doing and even to try and make her think I'm not just walking off with the bill I lay it on the counter next to register and try to get my manager again. Once again before I can do anything she yells at me again.EM: kid! (honking her horn this time) do you even work here you just trying to steal money aren't you! talk to me you brat! Once again I try and explain what I am doing to no avail and she just continues to yell at me and demanding to get her food and money. Which all of this has started to freak me out and I start to break down and I don't know what to do. But at this point, my Co-workers have noticed what is going on and come over and try to help me telling me to just go get the manager while they talk to the lady. i quickly run off as I'm freaking out now and want to get to bolt to try and calm down but I also want to look like I could handle it and try to look better with my friends and manager so I try and quickly calm my mind before getting to my manager and getting her and we quickly get back and now there are a few co-workers there trying to explain to the lady that I am mute and was going to get the manager cause none of the employees are allowed to break 100s except the manager. But she is having none of this and yelling things like "she should have just talked to me and broke the 100" or "she shouldn't be working here she is too young." In steps my manager telling everyone to get back to work and starts to talk to the lady with me standing behind her. the lady still yelling everything but my manager showing her patient she has by not once raising her voice and trying to handle everything calmly. getting the lady her food and tells her that she has to go to the safe to get her to change for the bill if that is the way she would like to pay. this is the only time in the whole conversation that my boss almost laughed when the lady said she wants the food for free now because of me and me causing her stress. at this, I almost laughed also, because my manager is nice but she has never given out free food the whole time I've known her, and there exchanged go a little like this.

EM: I want all my money back and the food for free.

Manager: I'm sorry Miss we do not give out free food but I can give you a larger size on your drinks if you would like.

EM: How dare you first you have this kid working for you which is illegal that doesn't even talk to the customers and after causing me so much time and stress you won't even get me free food!

At this point, the line behind the lady is a lot longer and other people are starting to get angry and leave and orders are piling up in the front so my manager tries to just get her to move now.

Manager: Miss, I'm sorry about all the inconvenience if you would like to come inside to work this out you can but another wise I'm going to have to ask you to leave.

Handing back the money before the lady can respond she shuts the window and turns away from the window and walks me back to her office letting the girl that was there before getting back to work. She asks me what happened and I quickly tell her my side and she gives me a short hug as she can tell I'm getting freaked out and tells me I can get off early and she would still pay me the hour I had left. I thank her and go gather my stuff from the break room along with Bolt. Just as I'm walking out of the back with bolt and my bag the lady is back with ED and EK. I quickly walk over to my usual spot in the sitting area. getting to my usual spot in the back and put my stuff down before opening my bag and getting out a dress that I brought with me as I hate sitting around in my work clothes (there really stiff and I don't like people thinking I'm still working as I sit there) and walk back to the front where the bathrooms to change and see an argument already starting with my manager and the parents starting and I quickly stick my bag behind the counter so no one would steal it and walk in to the bathroom with bolt.

It takes me a few mins to change as I don't usually wear dresses anymore but because when I woke I was feeling good and I love this dress (Short black dress looks a little fancy but also comfy though it has large paint spots all over it) and I had to work myself up to walk out in it. when I finally get out of the bathroom it looks like my manager finally worked something out with the parent as they seem calm again but still red-faced as they wait and I see my manager breaking the 100 and I wave at her smiling thinking all is well with the world again. going to get my bag I panic as I see it's missing (the way to get behind the counter is not secure as it just really a doorway with no door) and I go to try and see if someone has it in the store still and no one just grabbed it and walked out and when I go around the half wall that divides the two seating areas and see EK sitting a table near his parents with my bag and all of my stuff poured out on the table and he is trying to get my laptop open. I walk over and try to get my stuff back and he gives me a dirty look when I try to get my laptop back from him and he screams as I take it from him. (Ek is probably only 10-11) I get scared and quickly get my stuff back in my bag and try to get away as I know what is coming. just as I get the last of my stuff in my bag when ED comes around the corner.

ED: What the hell are you doing to my son.

EK: She is stealing my stuff!

ED: Give back my sons stuff kid.

Shocked by this because the bag is clearly mine not only is hand painted by me, is Bright Neon pink, has hand made stickers and patches all over it. I look at him and put my bag on my back and try to do universal gestures to say I can not talk and the bag is mine. this seems to only make him angrier as I don't say anything and he thinks I'm just not talking to him.

ED: Give me the bag kid!

reaching for me and my bag I freak out and backs up as I really don't like to be grabbed, touched or picked up as soon as he reaches for me bolt starts to bark. But before she can stop him he grabs my arms throws me to the ground this immediately start to give me really bad flashbacks causing me to freak out to no end causing me to go into a full panic attack and start to have a seizure.

After this point, I can not fully know what happened as the seizure caused me to hit my head on the floor and pass out and most of the rest of this story is word of month from my co-workers and manager that told me later. So take this with a grain of salt.

After I passed out Bolt protects me and starts to howl and bark to try and get someone to come and help me while trying to get the ED away from me. Seconds later a lot of people in the store rush over to see what happened through my manager and few co-workers know exactly what bolt howling means and one of them calls 911 as my manager come to my rescue and get the dad away from me as he was still trying to get my bag off me and starts to give me CPR while she waits for the ambulance during this she has to take my bag off me to give me CPR correctly. Minutes later the police and ambulance show up and I am rushed to the hospital but in the haste of getting all my stuff together, my manager doesn’t realize that my laptop isn’t in my bag. After the ambulance leaves the parents and kid try to leave but because the police are there also they aren’t allowed to leave as they have to get the story of what happened and everyone in the store almost all tell the same story but the parents and the kid (no shock there)

One of my friends said she over her what the parent's story was but also once again grain of salt. Their story goes something like this, “that little girl just started going mad cussing at us and trying to steal stuff from us and when we tried to get it back the manager attacked us and told us to leave and even tried to steal our money.” Or something like that. But every one of my co-workers and the few regulars that were in there at the time all tell the police I am fully mute and can not talk at all the bag that I “stole” was mine I have had it for years and was filled with my meds and house Keys. Halfway getting through all of the statements from everyone one of my friends noticed the EK was carrying my laptop around and was trying to get it open. She quickly tells the police officers and him asking if she can prove it belongs to me which she can she both knows my password (it’s not very hard if you know me and know how much I love Bolt) knows that I keep inside the pan case that I have for it that hangs off the laptop so I don’t lose it. Has a picture of me and my dad and a tiny Bolt inside. So he goes and asks the kid and his parents if he can see the laptop really quickly and ask if they can prove it is there’s. Which they can not as they all try to get it to open to no avail. He then asks my friend to open it and his doesn’t so with ease and he can immediately see me on my background and she also gets out the small picture of my dad and me from the pen case. He lets her take the laptop and she puts in the break room so no one else gets a chance to steal it.

After getting all the statements and reviewing our security footage the dad gets arrest for assault (which they were going to charge assault of a minor but one they were told my true age that shocked them because again I look like I am 10-13 but I’m actually 23 changed it to assault) and attempted theft through fraud. The next day when I woke up in the hospital all of my friends and manager were there and got me flowers and a bunch of get well cards and made me really happy especially when my sister showed up later that day as I don’t see her very often anymore as she lives in a different country now and I only see her on rare occasions.

Edit: thank you all for the kind words and all the comments and likes, I’m fine now. This happened over 3 months ago and I have not heard anything from these people since. But now I’m doing that job more regularly as my coworkers love the help at the window and counter and the regular guests love me also, but under no circumstances am I allowed to do it alone though.

Edit 2: HOLY MONKEY MILK! I never expected this post to get this much attention. Thank you all for all your kind words and thanks for the rewards also! Bolt and I appreciate it a lot and I’ll buy bolt her favorite type of bone for you guys next time I go to the store.  


Edit 3: So because this post got so much attention and you guys seems to love theses stories. i decided i would posts more of my stories. also i showed my manager and thank you all for the support. 

Edit 4: also just a side note when I post this message yesterday I had around 160 karma (50 comment karma so I can post on this sub) and now I’m at 4K! Thank you all for all the love and support! I will definitely share more stories as I have a lot of theses./nWhen my son was almost one I was talking to my former friend about the compact stroller I was planning to buy. I didn’t drive and lived in the city and wanted something that was lightweight and folded up easily for public transportation. She was doing well financially at the time and offered to buy it for my son’s birthday. It was around $120. I was very grateful because that was a big gift. She however, never let it go. She brought it up whenever she could, and used it as an excuse to not get him a Christmas or birthday present for several years. “Well I bought him that stroller for his birthday so that’s his Christmas present...” I didn’t really care about her not giving him a present, but her always bringing it up got annoying. 

Then she got pregnant. My son was four at the time, so he was not using a stroller regularly, but we would bring it along sometimes if we were out all day. My husband and I had been struggling with secondary infertility and had been trying for another child for three years. I was seeing a fertility doctor and doing treatments. So while I was happy for my friend, her getting pregnant was a little difficult for me emotionally. 

Anyway, one day she (EM) calls me and out of the blue says, “So I need you to give me back my stroller.”

Me: Um, it was a gift, you gave it to us three years ago. 

EM: Yeah, but I’m going to need it now. 

Me: Why don’t you just put one on your baby registry if you want one. 

EM: I shouldn’t have to, I already bought it. You don’t need it anymore. 

Me: Well son does not use it much, but you know we are trying for another baby. So I will need it then. 

EM: Well that might not work out. 

Me: What?

EM: Your fertility treatments might not work, so you won’t need the stroller. 

Me: I’m not giving you my stroller. 

EM: Then you have to buy the exact same one for my kids first birthday. 

Me: I can’t afford to do that. My standard gift for one year olds is chunky wooden puzzles. That’s way out of my price range. 

I can’t remember what else was said. She was angry with me for a good while. We are no longer friends because of so many things.  But I do have a lovely new baby who will be using our stroller for adventures when they get bigger.

Edits for clarity:

-She was pregnant with her first child, she never owned the stroller, she bought it new as a gift.

-I had already bought her tons of stuff off her registry for her baby shower, she demanded the stroller for her kid's first birthday, even through the kid wasn't born yet. She already had a big one that the carseat connected to.

-Her kid is two now so it was a while ago./nI was playing with my 4 year old daughter in my backyard. It was warm so I was splashing water on her. We have an unfenced yard  so several neighbors could see if they were looking out their window A few moments later EM walks up to me.

EM: you are disgusting!
Me: excuse me?!?
EM: you have this girl running around nude. Trying to seduce innocent young men!
Me: What the hell are you talking about?! She’s 4! And she’s wearing underwear!
EM: you are disgusting my poor 16 year son stays away from sin(I assume she meant sex or porn but who cares) and then you have this THING(she actually  called her a thing) running around nude!
Me: SHE IS 4! And if your son is turned on by her he is a pedophile!
EM: He’s 16 he’s a child! Children can’t be pedophiles. If you don’t put clothes on her I’m going to call CPS

About 20 minutes the cops came to my home. My daughter was napping by this time. The officer said he got a call about a child prostitution ring! I explained everything to the officer and he agreed that the woman was insane. I asked if I could file a report against her son for watching my daughter and he said there was nothing they could do. 
But we built a fence later that week


:::::this was last summer I haven’t seen the family much since::::/nSo this is actually the first time I've ever posted anything on reddit, and I've been reading around in this website for some time now and only now decided to make an account just to post this story that I've been itching to post here. This story actually happened about a month ago, so it’s fairly fresh in my head. Dialogue may not be exactly what has been said that day, but it's still remotely same. 

&#x200B;

Backstory is, I have a friend - we're gonna call her Milly. As you might guess, she is mute (born that way) but her hearing is fine so she can still understand me whenever I speak to her. She's a really chill and great girl overall, we've been friends for about 5 months now and still is today. She communicates through sign language. I tried learning asl to understand what she's trying to tell me. I'm still learning it, though I do know enough asl to hold a conversation with a deaf/mute person. 

&#x200B;

So it all starts with a day out with Milly. We went to a mall together, just the two of us, having a bomb ass time. We went to this one shop that sold these cool figurines and stuff. She found a fairly nice figurine of aquaman - and having watched the recent aquaman movie - she bought it (she's more of a fan of his costume tho lmao). I had to go use the washroom, so I told her I'd be gone for a little while and she signed she'll wait by the seating area. It took me a while to get back out because the faucets decided to not do their job that day but I managed. But when I came out and searched for her, I was immediately alarmed with the sound of a wailing child. When I did find her, there was a lady and the crying child in front of her. The kid was having a weird breakdown and screaming "MOMMY I WANTED THAT TOY,". Presumably, the lady was probably the child's mother (and thus she shall be called the EM), and she was questioning my friend rather harshly and jabbing a finger at her chest while Milly looks around mortified, wanting out of the situation. I immediately come to her aid and ask what's happening. 

&#x200B;

Me: Excuse me, is there something wrong here? 

EM: Why yes! Your SELFISH friend here just shoved my son after she hogged that toy, doing these stupid gestures!! She refused to even apologize for it!

&#x200B;

I look at her, and she shakes her head and signs "I did not shove him, he tried (to) take the figurine without my permission,". I nodded and turned to the lady. Since people at the mall were staring at us I tried to go about it as calmly as possible. One thing to note was that the EM had a look of confusion on her face when my friend signed to me. 

&#x200B;

Me: Sorry but there might have been a misunderstanding here. My friend here is mute. She must have been trying to tell you something but was unable to because of it. She told me that she didn't give your son permission to play with her figurine but he tried to take it anyway. She also told me she didn't shove your son, she didn’t wish any harm on him though.

&#x200B;

For some reason, EM reacted as if I implied that her birth certificate was an apology letter from the fucking condom factory, and  said with a loud "eXcUsE mE??!!!". She gives me this nasty look and turns to Milly.

&#x200B;

EM: I don't care if you're mute, or whatever kind of stupid excuse that is. You're being a selfish, bratty not to mention immature teen! My son is just a kid and you wouldn't let him play with a toy meant for kids??!! What are you even doing with a toy anyway?? Apologize to me!! And my son!! 

&#x200B;

At this point I was like, "What the fuck?!". I was just... Completely appalled by this woman. Because apparently, based on that reaction alone it was pretty safe to assume that this EM doesn't know what being mute is, not to mention didn't know what fucking basic manners are. Milly had the same look that I had, and was pretty pissed too at this woman. I responded pretty harshly to the woman after that remark. 

&#x200B;

Me: Did you not hear what I just said? She's mute! She can't fucking speak. And why should she apologize for your son's shitty behaviour??

&#x200B;

Figuring that the EM would probably get even more pissed off, she started freaking out on us. Calling us obscene things, selfish, disrespectful and rude ass teenagers. Her face was so red it would probably put a tomato to shame. Then little fucking Timmy over here (the entitled child) starts to cry even harder, and guess who got even more angrier. My friend started to get really anxious due the scene the EM was making. It wasn't long though until someone from the crowd that had amassed from the scene went and told a security guard. Thankfully the guard immediately came and told off the EM and stood in between us and her since she looked like she was about to fucking throw hands with us.  She eventually walked away, not without muttering more profanities and insults about us under her breath though. The guard was a really kind dude, after the EM left, he reassured my friend who was a bit shaken up from the whole ordeal. 

&#x200B;

After that me and Milly went home and went about our ways. We still hang out at the same mall sometimes, though now she has to carry those cards that says she's mute thanks to that experience...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nWhat is it about babies that attracts all the crazy people? It’s like they’re zombies groaning “baaaaabbby” all the Karen’s seem to want something from me because of my baby. 

The following is a collection of small interactions that I didn’t think deserved their own posts. All of these have happened in just the few short weeks of my son’s life. These Karen’s have got me effed man. Here we go!

1: While I was being discharged from he hospital a woman demanded that I give her my son’s car seat because she forgot hers (note that he baby was IN A CARSEAT!) when I pointed this out she told me that I was delusional and needed to be put in psych. She then walked away with her child.

2: I had to take my baby out shopping with me only a week after he was born (I didn’t want to but we needed food and no one was available to watch him.) A woman and her kid were in the aisle with me and the mom (not the kid) demanded to know what happened to my eye (My eye got seriously damaged when I was younger and now I wear an eyepatch). I told her this and she said I was lying and traumatizing my baby. She then tried to take my eyepatch off causing her to see my nasty scars. She screamed ran away calling me satanic for mutilating my body.

3: I stopped at a fast food place because I NEEDED a chocolate shake. I had a mother yell at me because she thought I was going to give my 3 week old baby a chocolate shake and refused to believe that it was for me. (What the heck, lady?) 

4: My husband took the baby to the doctor because he had a sneezing fit. A lady in the waiting room told him that it was probably because we had him circumcised. 

5: Had a family friend at our house looking at our sink (he’s a Plummer) and his wife got super offended that I was breast feeding IN MY OWN HOUSE! (“I don’t want to see you boobs. I’m not gay.”)

My son has been alive for not even a month. If this is how it’s gonna be all the time in just gonna lock myself and my baby in the house and not let anyone in lol it’s absolutely nuts!/n 

Background : I have pretty intense depression, so me leaving the house is a rarity.

The Standard Cast : Me , EP (Mother mid/late 30s) and EK (Entitled Kid around 9 or 10 years old) SG (Security Guard)

Earlier this week I left the house for the first time in three weeks (I'm 21 and live at home). I don't go to the mall often, but I really love it because it brings back some really nice childhood memories. I do about a lap around the mall just to check out all of the stores and then settle down in a sitting area that's sort of isolated (I don't really like being close to other people, but I love people watching. Go figure).

So I'm just minding my own business playing The Urbz on my Gameboy Advance. It's a custom GBA with an added backlight because it was impossible to see the original GBA screen in most environments. I only note this because you can pick up a regular GBA for relatively cheap, but this custom model is more expensive.

I *hear* EM and EK coming before I even see them. The kid is screaming about something, and the mother is just saying "yes honey" and "of course honey" over and over again. It looks like they're heading towards the Macy's entrance (about 10 ft from where I'm sitting).

I look back down at my GBA and continue playing, but then I hear the kid start getting louder and it a matter of seconds it's clear to me that he's getting closer. I pick my head up, and he's right next to me.

EK : "Is that the new Switch mini? I mean I've heard rumors about it, but I didn't know it was real!"

Me : "No, it's a gameboy advance! It's kind old school, it came out in like 2001!"

EK : "You're lying to me! I've never heard of that. You just don't want anyone using your new console!"

EM : "Yeah I had a gameboy growing up and it didn't look anything like that. It was a rectangular box and and the screen wasn't bright and in color!"

Me : "That was the original gameboy from the 80s, this a newer version."

At this point I decide I'll to convince them it's not the "Switch Mini" by showing them the game I'm playing. Then they'll see how old the graphics look, and just leave me alone to play in peace.

Me : "Here check this out, look how old these graphics are"

I lean to my right to show the kid my game, and he snatches it up the second it's within his reach (I should've had a better grip on it, but in order to show him the screen I was holding it in a weird position). Before I can even say a word, he's running off with it saying "I've got the Switch mini! I've got the Switch mini!"

His mother is chasing after him and she's in pretty good shape and he's a kid, so by the time I process everything, they've already got the lead on me. (I should mention at this point that I'm pretty overweight, and I suffer from asthma, so running is not the easiest for me). In what seems like 10 seconds they're already out of my line of sight, so I decide going after a security guard is my best option. About 2 minutes later I find one, and start explaining my situation.

About 2 minutes into me explaining, and the security guard asking for my description of them, I see the mother and son approaching us very quickly and looking angry. "Perfect" I think to myself, that'll save the security guard the effort of having to track them down.

Me : "That's the-"

Before I can even finish, the entitled mother starts blabbering, sounding like she's on the verge of tears.

EM : "EXCUSE ME MR. SECURITY GUARD (I can't remember how she addressed him) THIS MAN SOLD MY SON THIS CONSOLE SAYING IT WAS THE SWITCH MINI, AND WE TRIED TO RESELL IT TO GAME STOP AND THEY SAID THEY DON'T TAKE CONSOLES THIS OLD. "

EK : "Yeah, this console is a piece of crap and he said it was brand new!"

EK drops it on the ground, with a look of displeasure on his face

Me : "I did no such thing, I told you it was a gameboy advance, and you stole it out of my hand and ran away."

EM : "YOU'RE LYING! YOU'RE THE ONE THAT'S A THIEF AND A TERRIBLE LIAR"

SG : "Everyone calm down. There's an easy way to figure this out. When did this all go down?"

Me : "No more than 5 or 6 minutes ago"

EM : "Well at least you're not lying about one thing, that is when it happened"

SG starts talking into his radio.

SG : "Hey Larry, can you check the camera feed near the mall entrance to Macy's from 7 minutes ago to now"

about a minute passed, and I'm hearing exactly what happened being described by Larry.

SG : "I'm sorry ma'am, but I'm going to have to take you and your son down to the security area while we wait for the police to arrive, another guard is calling them as we speak"

EM : "I DON'T CARE WHAT THE CAMERA SHOWS, THAT MAN SOLD US A GAME SYSTEM UNDER FALSE PRETENSES!"

SG : "That's fine, you can explain all of that to the police. Son, can you give this man his electronic device back?"

EK hands me my GBA, it's slightly scuffed up, but nothing too bad.

EK : "Whatever, it's a piece of garbage anyway"

The security guard sent me on my way and I watched them walk off into the proverbial sunset. I'm happy my GBA wasn't damaged, and as much as I was mad at that little kid, I can't help but think if he wasn't raised by that woman he wouldn't be this way.

Also, not sure if this experience inspired confidence in me leaving the house more often. Maybe I'll just go somewhere other than the mall next time.

TL;DR : Kid steals my GBA, thinking it's a "Switch mini", him and mom try to sell it to Game Stop, get rejected, try to make me out to be a shady "salesman", and end up the security office waiting for police to arrive./nSo I was working at the electronics section of the store I work at as per usual, when a kid and his mom come up to the register looking to buy the Fortnite deep freeze bundle for his switch. We've gotten several complaints ever since we first got it since kids and parents see it and just assume it comes with a physical copy of the game since it only comes with skins, money, etc. So I always remind them of this just to save them money if they're just looking to play Fortnite.

Me: Were you just looking for Fortnite or were you just looking for this stuff on the box?

Kid: *looks extremely confused*

EM: *Giving me a look like I'm a complete idiot.* What are you talking about?

Me: Ok. Just so you know, this dosen't come with the game it's just a dowload code for the stuff on the box. You would already need the game to get this stuff, and we've gotten alot of complaints from parents who's kids didn't know that. Good news is it's completely free to download, so you can just install it when you get home. You can still get this if you want I just thought you should know.

Apparently in her mind that translated into me calling her kid stupid.

EM: I think that he's smart enough to know what he wants, he's top of his class!

Me: Um, ok. I'm just trying to save you some money, the game is free.

Apparently it is inconceivable to her that something could be free or that she could pay 30 dollars and not get exactly what she wants, because we kept going in this weird loop for about a minute, with her getting more and more confused.

EM: Look, just shut up and give us the game!

I've had enough and ring her up, deciding that if she wants to play stupid games she can win stupid prizes.

After about an hour or so after they've gone I go to lunch and when I come back a coworker tells me that the EM has come back and she's pissed and waiting for specifically me. Sure enough, when I get there she's waiting for me with her kid and the one hardass manager in the store who is bending the knee as hard as she can for the EM.

Apparently they showed back up right after I went to lunch and were causing a rather large scene,because of course their "game" didn't work. Long story short, she explained to the hardass manager that I didn't properly explain to them that what they bought wasn't an actual game, how I called her and her kid stupid, how I cheated them, etc, and now she wants her money back.

This hardass manager offers her one better and tells me to apologize as well as install the game for her kid, since she had brought his switch with him. So I give the most general sorry not sorry apology and the EM all too smugly hands me the switch. I find Fortnite for them to download in about 10 seconds on the Nintendo store.

Of course it's taking forever to download because we're on shitty store wifi and the entire time the EM is talking shit about everything from my appearance to my lack of customer service skills and whatever else she feels like berating me with. The entire time this is going on her little shit of a kid is blasting the demo speakers at full volume, starting a new demo song ever two seconds. 

Needless to say I'm pretty angry and on edge from everything. I'm on the verge of crying since I can't do or say anything back since nobody is sticking up for me and that hardass manager is right there.

Finally after an eternity it finishes and I hand the switch back and very weakly tell her it's good to go before excusing myself to go to the bathroom to try to collect myself, and of course the EM is following me to talk more shit. I finally just turn around and scream at her,tears in my eyes.

Me: Jesus Christ! Just leave me alone!

I finally get into the bathroom, which thankfully was for one person at a time and spend the next 15 minutes or so crying and trying to collect myself. Eventually I head back and hardass manager wants to talk to me.

She explains that I was already in trouble for earlier, but my little outburst was going to get me written up, since the EM came back to the section to complain and got a bunch of coupons and gift cards.

Wish I could say there was a happy ending to this one, but nope. EM wins the day on this one.

Update #1: (First of all thanks to everyone for their supportive comments and messages, they really made my shit day better.) I'm going to HR first thing tomorrow morning to try to get this resolved/reversed. If nothing else I'm hoping that something can be done about this manager. Hopefully I can update with good news.

Update #2: Spoke to HR this morning about the situation that occurred yesterday, and have some slightly confusing, but hopefully good news. So I was told by HR that since the company I work for is third party that Ms. Hardass manager technically doesn't have the authority to take disciplinary action against me. I had always assumed that she could, since we work inside of the store, but apparently not. HR tells me not to worry about it since the write up from yesterday dosen't really have any power over me unless my district manager approves it, or something like that. HR also let's me know she'll have talk with Ms. Hardass since she overstepped. Hopefully the next update will be me with me completely in the clear.

Update #3: Ms.Hardass came up to me after coming in and presumably speaking to HR to let me know that she was going to contact my district manager about the situation yesterday. I don't know what her problem is, but she just won't let it go. So now I get to wait for that and I still have to finish my shift. Will update when I know more.

Update #4: My district manager called me just before the end of my shift to get my side of things. I told her and she said while she didn't approve of me screaming at the EM, she did understand why. She said she's going to he in contact with Ms.Hardass the HR department and the store manager. Hopefully this will be the end of it, will update on any further developments.

Update #5: So my district manager actually came into the store today to talk with both Ms. Hardass and the store manager. I got called in towards the tail end of their meeting and got a small verbal warning for screaming at the customer, which I'll take over a write up any day. District manager came up to me after and said she only did that since she was obligated to and if it were up to her she wouldn't have done even that. She asked me if I would like to transfer stores since Ms. Hardass was pushing hard to have me written up and suspended. I told her I would think about it, but I'm pretty sure I'm going to take it since it's closer to my house and I wouldn't have to deal with Ms. Hardass and whatever her personal vendetta with me is about. (Very special thanks to everyone  who left a comment, sent a message, or just kept up with the updates. I'll even give a very special shout out to the guy who tried trolling me to make me feel better. You guys all have black belts in amazing.)/nAfter having an argument over whether it’s cannibalism for me to eat fish and then having to lay down with an ice pack on my back for a half an hour, I decided to post here again. This happened a few months ago, no kids make an appearance in this story but the parental status of EM does play a factor.

-

The cast

Me - Me

EM - Bitch

-

So I’m just doing my normal weekend thing, I got lunch and went to a public park to eat (it was allowed and they had trashcans, don’t worry) when I get the alert on my phone that it’s time for me to take my meds. I have them on me, so I take them. Apparently EM saw this.

EM: Why are you taking drugs infront of my kids?

Me: They’re my medications, I need them to not perpetually wanna jump off a cliff.

EM: You just need to cheer up

Me: Yes cheering up will fix the brain bullshit I have going on and erase my trauma, thanks I’m cured, never thought about that

EM: I’m calling the cops for you doing drugs!

I just nod and finish up my lunch, the cops arrive while I’m on my way out and I tell them it’s just my meds and show them the bottle, they let me go. I don’t know what happened to EM but I’m hoping they fined her for misuse of emergency services.

Edit 1: For those curious about my first sentence, check my bio.

Edit 2: Thank you for the silver!/nSo many shopping malls have feeding rooms in the malls. Usually near a food court. I am a new mom and suffering from post-partumn depression. I will feed my baby anywhere if he is that hungry but for the most part I try to run for the nursing rooms. I don't think feeding my baby in public is bad, hut with my PPD I will either ugly cry or go postal if someone tells me I should let my baby starve because boobs are offensive. I won't know until it happens. 

Now in the mall closest to us there is a lovely nursing room with Change tables, free diapers on some days and a family bathroom attached. Now right side is another family bathroom. But this one has these toliets that are made for very small children so a lot of parents bring their being potty trained kids in. No big deal. I never get any nasty comments, mostly mom's cooing at the newborn babies. 

So about a week ago I was there for my weekly mall walk (as suggested by my care giver for my PPD) my son starts to signal that he's hungry. My MIL who goes with me every week (amazing woman, seriously) went to get me a snack in the food court and I begin nursing my son. There was only one other woman in there feeding her baby, but the room is shapped like an L because of the family washroom and she was around the corner. I am feeding him when a woman brings in her toddler to use the family bathroom. The kid notices my baby and points. 

Kid: look mommy! There's a baby!

The woman didn't turn and just nodded her head as she was looking at her cellphone. I smiled at the kid. 

Kid: what's his name?

Me: Oh, his name is (inserts sons name)

The kid walks up to me and is about two feet away just watching the baby. Doesn't even notice the boob really. He is just smiling and watching my son feed. The mom looks up from her phone and gets this sour look on her face. 

She grabs her kid and pulled him away. She opens the family room washroom and puts him in there by himself and shuts the door. I am a little surprised but it's none of my business so I just try to look down at my son and feed him. She coughs and I look back up. 

EP: Do you really need to do that here? 

Me: (confused) Here? Like in this chair?

EP: (glaring) No, in this room.nin this family room. Can't you just go to the ladies bathroom and do that?

Now, this room's entrance that has a sign on it that says in big bold letters NURSING ROOM either a figure feeding their child. It happens to have a family washroom inside but it isn't just a family room. And even if it was...I'm pretty sure Breastfeeding I more than welcome in the room. 

Anyway, I'm in shock and I feel my face getting red with embarrassment. Like I said, I am suffering PPD and I have serious doubts about my capabilities of being a mom, despite evidence that says I am doing well. 

Me: (said in a hushed whisper) I think you have been mistake, this is the nurs-

EP: Why can't you just pump at home or better yet just use formula? You breatfeeders are always looking for excuses to expose your breasts! You're gonna traumatize my son. 

I can feel my eyes burning. I hate myself for this because I normally would have let her have it but before I can say anything the door opens and in enters my MIL. She has some food for me and is staring at this woman. EP barely looks at my MIL. At this point the other nursing mother has loaded up her child and leaves the nursing room.

My MIL joins me not realizing what is happening. She does notice my face though and gasps. 

MIL: Huggablecrochet! Are you alright? 

I shake my head and a few tears do fall. 

EP: You need to teach your daughter to learn some.self respect! She's exposing herself to children in a public place! She needs to do that in the bathroom. 

My MIL breastfed in the 90s when it wasn't nearly as common as it is now and didn't have nursing rooms and had a ton of pushback for feeding in public when her son (my husband) was hungry. She got pissed and stood.

MIL: whatever you said to my DIL, you better apologize, right the hell now. She is in the nursing room of all places and if anyone is in the wrong, you are. 

At this moment the family room bathroom opens up and her son came out..when he did, his mother grabbed him and covered his eyes. She is glaring at me again and I am actually crying now, cursing my hormones. I had draped my jacket over my stroller and she grabbed it and proceeded to toss it at me, in what I assume was an attempt to cover me up. My MIL stopped the jacket from hitting me or her grandchild. 

MIL: I suggest you leave. 

EP is still glaring at me and hissing about me destroying her son's innocence when the door opens again. A female security guard enters and looks at us. She takes one look at us, makes eye contact with me and See's me crying. 

EP jumps right in 

EP: this woman is exposing herself to my son!

The security guard was having none of it. "we had complaints from another mother that there was a woman shaming a mother for using the nursing facility. 

EP: She is misusing this room! This room is for Mother's and their children to use. 

MIL: SHE IS A MOTHER USING IT FOR HER CHILD. 

SG: (to EP) I'm going to tell you right now to leave, or I will remove you by force.

The poor child starts crying. And he's loud enough my son let's go of my nipple and starts crying too..poor kid was probably scared. But this was too much for EP because my breast was completely exposed now. 

EP: See, she's exposing herself. 

SG is clearly having a bad day because she just takes our her walkie talkies and speaks into it. 

SG: I need another security staff to the nursing room. Repeat, I need another security staff to the nursing room.  She puts away the walkie when there is a muffled response and she stares down the EP. EP is stunned but is still covering her kids eyes. I jump into mom mode and I am trying to calm my son...breast still hanging out. She tries to argue with the SG, but is getting no where. My MIL offers to take my son while I cover myself. I put my bra cup back over my exposed breast and pull my shirt down. I am still sobbing, hut my MIL is able to calm my son and return him to me..I just want to go and I tell my MIL that. 

The test is a blur but SG says I can stay and leave a statement and they can call the police to about harassment charges. I honestly should have, but I am so embarrassed and just want to fo home. My mental state was pretty far gone. My MIL really thinks I should have stayed but I just wanted out of there. 

We ended up leaving just as the other security guard shows up, this one a male. I don't know what happened, but I hope that the kid is alright. He really just looked curious about the baby. Regrettably I am too nervous to return to the mall. I hate that I let this woman into my head. I can't wait for spring when it will be easier to take my son anywhere. Canadian winters suck.../nTLDR: Left old job, bought groceries, EM mad I didn’t remember her son, tried to swipe my beer. 

Hey everyone. Bit of background first. I used to work at a local grocery chain in my area for about 7 years total. Started in high school and worked there throughout college. By the end, I was probably the most recognizable employee there. Managers started differing to me on most issues because I knew how to handle most people, and really only called them up front if I needed their key. 

Sadly (not really), I decided to get another job. You know, the kind that isn’t soul crushing and pays you what you’re worth. Sadly, this meant leaving some of my favorite customers. One of which is a boy named James. I’ve watched James grow up over the years, but he’s always been this little dorky kid who talks to me about Minecraft every time he goes with his mom. James actually made me a card when I told him I had to leave in two weeks. It had all the Minecraft monsters on it waving goodbye. That was about a year ago. 

Onto two weeks ago,

I’m finishing up a shift at my new job, which has been great. I decided to fix dinner for my family, and my old store was on the way. I stopped by, said hi to some old coworkers, and started shopping. I’m staring out the dairy section when I feel this tug on my jacket. I turn and sure enough, it’s my little buddy James. He starts asking about my new job, and if I’m coming back, and then immediately goes into his splurge about Minecraft. I listen, and talk for maybe a minute at most before his mom walks up to us and takes James away. Before he leaves, I give him a fist bump and tell him I’ll see him later. I go back to my browsing of the finest cheeses, before another tug on my jacket. I turn, expecting a James, and see this little boy (LB) instead. 

Me: Hello, can I help you?

LB: Hi (my name)!

Me: Hey buddy (go to if I don’t remember someone’s name). What are you doing?

LB: Shopping with mom (EM from here on).

Me: Cool man. Hey, I’m really sorry but I have to hurry. Maybe you should go back to your mom, that way you don’t get lost (it’s happened before. We had a father lose his daughter in the store and we shut it down to find her. Kid was hiding by grapefruit the entire time). 

The kid nods, and goes on his way. I wrap up shopping and decide to pick out some beer as a treat to myself. I’m trying to decide between a stout or porter when I hear a clearing throat.  I immediately move out of the way, thinking I was in the way of someone, and realize it’s EM. 

EM: Why didn’t you want to talk with my son?

Me: pardon?

EM: My son says you told him to go away after he said hi to you. He hasn’t seen you in so long, he wanted to say hi. 

Me: I’m sorry ma’am, but I have to get going and didn’t really have time to talk. 

EM: (gives a disdainful mhmm) Do you even remember his name?

Nope. Honestly I can count on two hands how many names I remember of customers.

Me: Sorry, but I don’t. 

EM: You were talking to that other boy for a while. I’m sure you know his name, but why don’t you remember my son?

Me: Ma’am, I used to meet a couple hundred people a day. I can’t remember everyone. 

EM: Well, you hurt his feelings. 

The entire time this kid looks like he wants to crawl into a hole and die from embarrassment. 

Me: I’m sorry they got hurt, but I’ve got to go now. 

I grab a six pack of brown ales instead, because local craft beer is amazing. I go to put it in my cart and she snatched it out of my hands. 

EM: You shouldn’t get this for being so rude to my son!

Me: Excuse me?

EM: You’re being rude to me and my son. You shouldn’t be getting rewarded with beer. You’re probably not old enough to purchase anyways. 

Now, truth be known, I remember the mom plenty. She was a frequent difficult customer, to the point that the office staff would draw straws to deal with her. She’s entitled, argumentative, and made my life as a cashier more initiating than needed. 

I open the cooler, and take another six pack (colder too), and place it in my cart. She reaches for it and I move her hand out of the way. 

EM: Don’t you dare fucking touch me!

Me: Don’t take shit out of my cart. 

EM: You can’t talk to me like that. I’m a customer!

Me: So am I. And guess what? You’re also an obnoxious human being. I don’t know if it makes you feel high and mighty to talk down to people, but you’re no better than the rest of us. I’ve been polite this entire exchange, but frankly my limit for bullshit has been reached. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to checkout. 

She fish gapes for a minute, and I take that time to unload my groceries on the conveyor belt. It’s a new girl, and she’s going a little slow. I’m calming down, because I hate snapping on people in public. Eventually EM shows up right behind me. 

EM: Call your manager. 

Me and the girl turn like *wat*

EM: Call her now. 

My old boss (OB) shows up pretty quickly, almost sighing seeing EM.

EM: Your employee was extremely rude to me and my son. They wouldn’t even acknowledge him when he said hi to them. I want them disciplined.

OB turns to the new employee and says that they’ll have a meeting later. 

EM: Not her, idiot. Him! *points to me*

Me: Hi OB. 

OB: (my name) is this a prank?

Me: I wish. 

EM: I want him written up, and I want a discount for having been treated so poorly. 

OB: Well, he doesn’t ——

Me: Ma’am, I’d like you to kindly fuck off. Clearly I never made an impact on you because you’d realized I haven’t worked here in a year. If you weren’t so self-absorbed thinking your shit didn’t stink then maybe you’d learn how to act around others. Jesus, I feel sorry for your family if this is your personality, or is it just out in public that you bare your ass?

EM: YOU DONT GET TO SPEAK TO ME LIKE THAT. IM A PAYING CUSTOMER. 

Me: As am I.

OB:  Ma’am, don’t raise your voice please. 

EM starts a rant, which ended in a threat to sue me for slander? Honestly, I couldn’t be bothered to listen to it. The poor cashier stood there with the widest eyes I’ve ever seen. The ones that say “please let this be a once in a lifetime moment”. I paid, gave OB a hug, and left. 

There’s no big comeuppance, no justice boner. It’s just an EM, who wasn’t happy I didn’t remember her son. Lord help that poor child as he gets older. 

Edit: Holy heck, silver? Thanks to the comments y’all. I’m working replying as much as I can. /nGrowing up in Canada I played quite a bit of hockey. This actually happened to my father as I was only 13 and playing in the hockey game. 

As you know it is very cold in hockey rinks, but the our home rink at the time had a small heating system over the stands where the parents sat. By default the parents of the home team sat on the left bleachers and the visiting parents, on the right. At the top step there was a little machine that you could feed quarters into. One quarter payed for 5 minutes of heating, ( I know that's a lot). My father was a nice guy and would usually bring a a bag of quarters to keep the bleachers, that he and my fellow teammate's parents, warm. And most of the time a parent from the visiting team would usually do the same. But on this specific day we were playing a team from farther away and all the parents and kids already seemed a little cranky from having to wake up early and the long drive in the terribly cold weather. Just before the game started my dad put his quarters in and this caught the attention of EM (Entitled mother). Em confronted my father asking if he could pay for their heating as well, as none of them had quarters. My dad politely say no and recommended that EM could get change for a dollar and the concessions stand. EM called him ridiculous saying he should pay for her heating because he was the guest. Once again my father explained it wasn't his duty to pay for her and began to walk away. But EM wasn't having. EM steps in front of him takes his bag and points out that he still has some left. My father explains those are for the parking meter and snatches the bag back. EM proceeds to pull the "OMG DID YOU JUST ASSAULT ME" move but seeing that no one has even noticed her shouting, gives up on that. My father attempts for the second time to walk away and for the second time EM steps in front of him. EM then begins calling my dad poor and eventually she somehow gets to the conclusion that he is mistreating his son (me) and is too poor to raise a son. This is where EM crossed the line. My dad, who is a pretty big dude) gets in her face and says "You can insult me, but don't you dare insult my parenting. EM responds with "Well I am just going to have to call CAS (Children's Aid Society)". My dad, who has had enough at this point squeezes himself past her and returns to her seat. Its not over yet. At this point EM is yelling at my father from across the bleachers and this time one of the officials hear EM screaming and tells EM to stop yelling or she will be removed. EM then proceeds to threaten the official and that's when the ref decides he is done with her and gets someone to remove from the rink. All happily ever after, but you gotta feel bad for her kid who had to watch this all go down./nI only made a reddit account to post this because it still infuriates me. Although, I'm not really the victim here, I received full permission from my friend to post it and I need to take out how frustrated I am with people's stupidity. Hopefully it's not too long, I have a habit of rambling, so hope I didn't do that.

Anyways.

I have a friend from one of my classes who owns a service dog to warn her about any incoming seizures. Most people are very accommodating with the fact that you're not allowed to pet the dog, and when they do reach over, she lets them know. She told me before that she never really had any difficulties with people petting her dog because most of them were very understanding about it. Neither of us expected it to change, but boy, were we in for a surprise. 

We're walking to the campus library and right before we enter, we see a mother holding a child's hand. It's a community college, so it's very common for people to see children with a parent who might be attending. The child was very interested in my friend's dog, Maxie (yes, like the women's hygiene brand. I tease my friend about it all the time), considering the fact that he kept turning around to look at it. Neither of us cared much about it and continued into the library. The security guard stops the lady and the child (probably to check college I.D.) and in the meantime, my friend and I show our I.D.'s so the guard could let us in. We go in and wait for the elevator when the lady finally catches up to us and waits with us. While we're waiting, the lady turns to my friend and the conversation between her and my friend, we'll call her Alyssa, pretty much went like this: 

Lady: "I couldn't help but notice your dog, he's gorgeous"    

Alyssa: "Thank you, Maxie's a girl, though."  

Lady: "(Some question about what breed and like other specific questions)" 

Alyssa: "She's a (I know its a german shephard but I don't know if it's pure or whatever, let's just say Maxie's a german shephard lol)" 

Lady: "She's beautiful" 

Alyssa: "Thank you!" 

Elevator door opens, we go in, it's just awkward silence besides the few whispers between Alyssa and I, and we reach the third floor. It's empty cause it's about five in the evening and most people don't usually stay so late. Alyssa and I sit all the way in the corner. We notice the woman and her child sit on the closest desk to us. It was a bit strange since the rest of the floor was really empty, and she waited for us to sit down before she chose a desk but we shrugged it off. 

We were doing our own independent work when both of us hear kissing noises. We look at each other and then the woman, who is making kissing noises to Maxie. Alyssa, politely, goes "please don't distract her, she's a service dog" and the woman responds with "okay" and things are all settled. About twenty minutes later we start hearing kissing noises again, and we see this woman trying to get the dog's attention. At this point, we decided the best idea would be to move, so we left to the other side of the library. 

We go back to doing our work, and Maxie is very comfortable under the table. After about fifteen minutes, we hear shuffling and a tiny little boy walking over and sitting on the table adjacent to ours. He walks up to Alyssa and goes "can I please pet your dog?" in which she responded "No, I'm sorry, Maxie's a service dog so she can't be distracted." At this point the mother had arrived and placed her stuff on the table. Both of us begin to get bad vibes about what would happen, and I let Alyssa know not to get too settled in as we might have to move again. She agrees, and then we go back to whatever work we were doing. 

We begin to hear the kissing noises and I decide to take matters into my own hands and say "Ma'am, it's a service dog. You were told once before not to distract it, please be a bit more understanding about it." This was an awful idea.

Lady: "It's not your dog, you shouldn't be talking." 

Me: "What? That shouldn't even matter? You're not supposed to distract someone's service dog, especially while it's working, end of story." 

Lady: "Why do you even need the dog, you seem fine!" (directed towards my friend) 

Alyssa: "I get seizures, I need to know when one's coming so I can get to a safe area." (something along those lines) 

Lady: "But you're not having a seizure right now, so just let us pet it."

Alyssa: "Maxie could miss a crucial moment, so I'd rather not. Sorry."

Lady: "Come on, we could've pet it so many times by now and you'd still be okay." 

Alyssa: "I don't let people pet her, sorry. Please stop asking."  

&#x200B;

At this point, I'm completely packed up (and fed up) and both Alyssa and I (and Maxie, of course) are walking over to the table we were at before when suddenly the boy suddenly runs up to us and pets the service dog. Alyssa quickly yanks on the leash and freaks out. She pushes the boy away slightly and we hear "DON'T YOU LAY A FINGER ON MY SON" from behind. The mother was grabbing her belongings and coming towards us. At this point, we had gotten the attention of the very few people on this floor and one of them quickly rushes downstairs to get security (bless his soul). 

We were all very startled, especially Maxie, who kept having her leash pulled every time the boy attempted to pet her. He ended up running back to his mother after Alyssa told him to back off.

Me: "Ma'am, please keep a better eye on your son! You're not allowed to distract the service dog! Leave us alone." 

Lady: "Excuse me, I don't see the dog working very hard now, though, do I?" She's nudging her son to go pet it. 

Alyssa: "The dog needs to remain alert and when you pet it, you and your son have been distracting it." 

Lady: "I still don't see how a few strokes can hurt you." Still nudging her son to go pet it. 

Me: "If you can't understand it like that, then think of it in the sense that she's just a dog owner who doesn't want you touching her dog. You just don't have the permission to touch it. Now please leave us alone." 

Lady: "Why!? She's such a sweet doggie, I give my son permission to pet her." As she goes up and starts to pet Maxie along with her son. 

&#x200B;

Door opens, we see a security guard. I swear, words can not describe how relieved I was, and I can definitely say the same for Alyssa because she went from being as white as casper to being as red as a bottle of sriracha while talking to this lady, let me tell you. It was so hard for both of us to try and stay calm. The security guard asks us what happens and this woman has the audacity to go "these kids touched my child." This is around 6:10, which is usually the time I leave to escort Alyssa to her classroom. It's a good five minute walk. Although her class isn't until 6:45, mine is at 6:30 and from the library it's a good ten minutes away, when you walk from her building, it's 15 minutes.  I don't necessarily need to escort her, but she feels more comfortable having a friend, understandably. I feel more comfortable escorting her as well as I like knowing she arrived in her classroom safely. 

Both of us are beginning to panic at the thought of being late, and the fact that this woman is blaming us for not keeping an eye on the dog. This just holds us up longer. She then said we let her pet it. This lady kept dragging it, we just wanted to leave. When the lady said that we should have kept an eye out because the dog was just roaming around, two students who witnessed the event unfold took our side of things. Things get sorted out and we leave, the guard was totally pointless and no help at all, I am escorting her to her class at 7:00. Both of us are late, it's dark out. It's cold. Both of us are pissed. 

Hopefully, we don't see this bitch again next time we go to the library, because not only was it difficult to get anything done, but both of us were late. I hope karma gets her or something. /nApologies for all mistakes, formatting ect... On mobile and still recovering from a festival at the weekend. Tl/Dr at the bottom

Cast
Me - Lord and master of all creation
P1 - policeman 
P2 - policewoman
Ep - crazy lady

This happened over 5 years ago when my youngest son was only a few months old.

I will admit my son and I look nothing alike as he takes after his mother a lot... short, blue green eyes and a mix of blond and brown hair (gets a lot lighter in the summer).

I'm walking through the town centre doing shopping for either mothers day or gf birthday (both around the same time) not really paying attention to the crap going on around me when I hear some one shouting and screaming her kids been taken, I look around but don't really see where the screaming is coming from. I continued to walk off when I hear her scream "that's him there officer"

I'm tackled to the floor by a police officer and the woman runs over and grabs my son (this is kind of important as most baby's look unisex for a while)

Ep "that man kidnapping my daughter" 

M "I think you'll find that that's my son" 

P1 separates us and p2 has hold my son while stood next to ep. 

Ep screaming "I want him arrested NOW, otherwise you'll be sorry" 

P2 "calm down I have your daughter and everythings fine" 

M "it's a boy if you'd bother to check in his nappy" 

P1 “remain silent otherwise you'll be charged with resisting arrest"


P2 after checking what's in the nappy "you'd better let him go, this is a boy and now your under arrest" then reads the woman her rights. 

P1 "absolutely sorry about that" as he takes his knee off the back of my neck

M "honestly don't care now get your hands off my son" I probably swore a bit but can't remember exactly what was said. 

Ep at this point is claiming I've swapped kids with someone, that the police can't tell the difference between boys and girls and that the police should hand her the child so she can get on with her day with her daughter. All this while being cuffed.. 

P2 hands back my child I turn to her and say " I'd also like him arrested for assault." 

P2 "can't arrest a police officer for doing his job" 

M "I know you can, its not my first run in with an officer accusing me of doing something I didn't" 

P2 then calls for back up to arrest p1

I went ahead and pressed charges against both the woman for attempted kidnapping and the officer for assault, his charges were dismissed as he believed he was helping the mother. The woman has some mental health issues and had her children (both over 10 and male) taken from her because of her mental health issues.. 

While in court she was still claiming I stole her daughter and the police can't tell the difference between a dick and fanny (her words) 

She was sent to the mental hospital wing in a local prison, not really sure what happened to her after that as didn't need to bother myself with her. 

I hold nothing against the officer's they were just doing their jobs but at the time I could have ripped their heads off with words and rage. 



Tl/dr go back and read it its not that long/nSo long ago, I was in a large tourist attraction.  While my at the time fdh and aunt finished eating lunch, I wandered over to the claw machines. 

The one I played cost like 3 dollars or something  and the prizes where very large rubber balls. A kid came over   smooshing his face to the glass getting more excited as I  slowly got a prize and made it to the prize shoot. 

Kid immediately asks "can i have that!?"

"No, maybe your parents will win you one." Kid seems to understand. However his mother walks over to us, smiling.

"Oh did you win that for my kid? Thanks" she says reaching for my ball.

"No ma'am.  I won this ball for me." 

"You are too old to need a ball, just give him it." She says still trying to grab the ball I have moved almost behind me. 

"No, if he NEEDS one you get one. I'm not giving your son mine. " walks around her. 

"Mom will you win me a ball?" Kid asks sweetly.

"NO! That Woman should give you hers!!!" She screams as my family and I leave quickly.




For the record my little nephew loved playing with that ball and now so does my son.

/nHello! Before I start, obligatory mobile user, sorry for the bad formatting, and English IS my first language.

Cast:
EM - We know this one...
Me/OP - We know this one too...
HK - Humiliated “Kid” (16 years old)
MB - My boyfriend
AW - Annoyed worker

Me and my boyfriend are at McDonalds, we wanted fast food and it was the nearest place so... shrug. We order a large strawberry milkshake and other things. We asked for two straws in our drink (this is important for later.)

We sit down with our food and start eating normally. There wasn’t any customers in the McDonalds besides EM and HK. I notice HK staring at us in an amazed way, but I ignore it. MB had no idea. I guess EM thought we were just bros being bros or whatever. UNTIL, we both drink our milkshake at the same time. 

EM starts walking towards us. MB says “Oh boy...” because he knows something is up, he always knows.

EM: *in a loud voice* CAN YOU TWO KNOCK IT OFF?

Me: What exactly are we-

EM: *cuts me off* YOU’RE BEING GAY. MY SON IS PROBABLY GAY BECAUSE OF **F slur for gay people** LIKE YOU.

HK: Mom, I’m not gay. I’m bisexu-

EM: QUIET. IM SPEAKING.

Now, MB is the type of guy who loves arguing, even more than I do.

MB: I don’t think you’re speaking. You’re yelling.

This made EM very angry but before she could say anything I see AW running up to us.

AW: Miss, I’m going to have to ask you to leave these boys alone, they’ve done nothing wrong. Yet you’re yelling at them for being themselves.

EM: But-

AW: So you’re telling me that you want to leave?

EM: No...

AW: That’s what I thought. Sit down and don’t argue.

HK *comes up to us*: I’m so sorry for her actions... Y’all are a cute couple... But my mom has been anti-anything lgbt since I came out to her. It’s so annoying...

Me and MB: It’s okay and thank you so much!

MB: My mom is the same way... I can’t wait till OP and I graduate high school, we might move away together. You should do the same when you’re older.

TLDR: My boyfriend and I are blamed for EK’s kid being bisexual.

Edit: Thanks for the support and love and gold ❤️ and for anyone wondering, I’m not out to my parents, I haven’t had time to read all the comments but this is one I saw./nCAUTION! This story is really long

So this happened when I was around 13-14, one thing that plays a significant role in this story is the fact that im openly a furry, now I hope this is something that you will accept me being. Also im not a native english speaker, so pardon my mistakes and weird spellings.

Also I got a few comments asking what a furry is, its a person who enjoys humanlike animals, and may have one as their alter ego, acting as one online or irl (I dont do that) 

(Im keeping this clean for all the people who earn money by reading these ;)

Here's a bad quality photo of my scar
http://imgur.com/a/Jbr53wS



Let's meet the cast!


Me: that one furry

Ek: (entitled kid)

Em: female goblin called Karen

Ef: Ek's sidekick

The story:

So I was your average student, just doing whatever, before finding the furry fandom and joining it, I was very open about it and many people didn't really care, since I wasn't bothering anyone with it, or so I thought.

Enter Ek.

Ek was from a very racist family, and suprise, suprise, I am from Russia, now I do get why some Finnish people dislike Russia, since we blamed winter war on them and such, but this guy had so much hatrid towards me it actually suprised me more than anything else, and coming out as a furry made him hate me even more.

One day I wad just hanging around after school, just doing whatever, when suddenly a wild Ek appears followed by Ef, now I generally wasn't that scared of these guys, since they are both around 5' 6", an I'm suprisingly tall at 6' 2", one thing to note, these guys are around 15 (relevant later in the story).
So Ek comes around and just does what he likes to do most of the time, call me racial slurs and make fun of me in other ways, I just kind of ignore them for a while, before Ek pulls something out of his backpack, a gun? Nope, a knife? No. A friggin' leash! I kind of look at him confused, with him grinning at me.

(This is a rough translation of the following conversation, keep in mind this happened around 3 years ago)

Ek: what are you waiting for? Put it on!

Me: uhhhhh... what?

Ef: everybody knows you like to act like a dog!

Me: No. What are you on about?

Ek: you are a discusting degenerate who likes to "hug passionately" with animals

Me: No, I just like animals...

Ek: shut up! Its a fact!

With that, he tackles.... well more like jumps on top of me, leading to me falling to the ground and hitting my head on concrete, Ef taking the oportunity and slipping the collar and leash around my neck while im trying to catch my breath.
Ek grabs the leash and starts pulling on it, practically choking me and leaving me gasping for air. The second I thought I was going to die, he lets go, both Ek and Ef let out the most discusting laughter, Ek drops the leash and pulls out a small:ish knife.

Now I could tell you how with my last breath I fought them off, but reality is quite dissapointing.

He swung the knife at me, I put my arm to block it and he cut my forearm, blood gushing everywhere, I kicked him and he fell on his side, and I kicked him again (for good measure), Ef just kind of stood there, before helping Ek up, then both just kicked me a few times before running off.

I called myself an ambulance, amd got taken to the hospital where I got treated with painkillers and I got 5 stiches and had to stay there for a few days since I had a problem breathing, and now I have a slight stutter since they damaged some nerve in my throat with the leash, my parents were furious.

Now you may ask "OP where's the Karen?" Well she is coming to play now.


After around 2 weeks my family settled down, I had to go to speech therapy, but I don't really mind that, we thought that this ordeal was over... you probably guessed this by now, it wasn't.

After about 3 weeks of the ordeal happening, we receive a letter to court, with Ek's family suing us, luckily one of our family friends is a lawyer, not a perfect one, but good at his job, we immediately called him and I told him what had happened, he immediately told us that he got this and told us to just wait.


The court day arrived, since im the only person in my family capable of speaking finnish, my family couldn't help me, so I had to retell everything by myself.

I walk into the courtroom, followed by the FF (family friend), we sit down, and suddenly a goblin emerges from the doors in the dirtiest clothes imaginable, followed by grinning Ek, that's the Karen.

The sitting starts and Ek's family starts going first, they took over 20 minutes to retell the story in dramatic detail.

Im gonna quickly sum it up

I was bullying Ek for his whole life, that day after school I attacked him and pushed him to the ground breaking his phone, then I tried to assault Ef, but Ek pushed me away, leading to me falling onto the ground, and me taking out a knife and slicing MY OWN ARM to make Ek look like a bad kid.
(Also she tried to victimise Ek and her family as much as possible)

She demanded that my family had to replace Ek's phone and had to pay 10 000$ for therapy, damages and mental problems caused by the ordeal.

When it came my turn to tell what had happened I told everything as it was, with the claimant denying everything.

After that the judge asked us topresent our evidence, with claimant presenting a the broken phone and a letter from a "bystander".

Then it was FF's turn to present evidence, he asked to question Em about the ordeal.

(Keep in mind this is all translated by my poor translation skill)

Ff: is it true that - assaulted Ek  on - of may ----

Em: that is true

Ff: is there any evidence besides a broken phone and a letter from a bystander not present in the courtroom?

Em: No...

Ff: will you confirm that what you told us is true?

Em: I confirm that im 100% certain that this is how it happened (she actually said 100%)

FF turns to the judge.

Ff: may I present a security camera footage as a piece of evidence?
(Ff had contacted the school, asking if any workers saw anything, the school sent him the security recording
My school had security cameras installed pointing to the yard where that happened)

As he said that Em turned to white

(Gonna update this in a bit, tired of writing)

Let's continue

So after seeing the tape Judge turns towards Ek and Em

Judge: how do you plead?

Em: NOT GUILTY! Clearly these (insert racial slur) forged the evidence to ruin my baby's reputation!

Em continues ranting about f-word "ruskis" and imigrants for some reason, the judge looks so done, I swear I saw the look of disbelief in his eyes.

Judge  stops Em's rant and says "by the way I see you acting it is clear who is in the right in this situation" (basically: "im so done with you and your crap")

He charges Em with forging evidence and lying to a judge, and Ek with assault and attempted murder, since I almost lost my life.

Now remember me saying he was 15? That's the age you can go to jail in Finland, I think you know what happened to him, jailtime for 3 years.

Judge had to call in security to escort Karen out, I was too distracted to hear her punishment.

So here I am, a 16 yo furry, who almost died for being myself.

TL;DR

Do not attack that weird kid or he'll send you to prison.

Edit. Thanks for all the support I got!/nThis happened back when I was in italy. 

details are confused

Context

I was born in italy and lived there for about 11 years before I moved to the UK. The thing is that i lived on flat and the people above me were seriously islamophobic. However the rest of the people in that falt were among the nicest people there.  The entitled parents would often harass us by playing loud music on their balcony, by constantly dropping things on the floor of which everyone under them could hear, they would often try to mess with my dad's car to the point where my dad would have to park it on the other side of the area (10 minutes walk from my flat). 

On this specific day we get a letter in our mail asking us to go to court, my dad feaks out as we have never done anything to disturb the piece nor attack anyone. My dad calls a lawyer and he suggests  that we go to court and we shouldn't fear as the EP's have no concrete evidence. So we do. We ask the whole flat to be out witness and they happily agreed (no one really liked them coz of their annoying bratty kid).

on the day of thecourt hearing, the EP's pull out some dogy shit that pisses off the judge. We ended up winning the court case. Turns out we were accused of making IED's in our home and we had possesion of guns. Also the EM accused my dad of raping their 11 year old daughter. The good neighbours were defended us all throughout. From what I heard the landlady ended up kicking out the EP's out because they were harassing us and some elderly couple. 

Their daughter came to my school and she bullied the shit out of ever since, but I didn't care./nEnglish is not my first language so please bear with me..not a good story teller

I really hate EA (Mom's evil sister) from the bottom of my heart. She's abusive and I have a very bad childhood memory because of her. 

Just a little backstory : I was living in japan but my parents forced me to live in the Philippines (which is totally fine with me because Philippines is such a fun place lol) because someone wanted to kill me for inheritance. before they sent me to the Philippines, they bought a large property and built apartments so that I could have a source of income while I was studying and they didn't need to send money. All the apartments were full because the apartments were big and the rent was cheap.

EA (Mom's Evil Sister) knew this and one day, she came to my house and said she should have half of my income in rented apartments. I asked her "why?" and this is how the conversation went

EA: You have to give me half of your income in renting apartments

Me: Why?

EA: Because my husband is unemployed, my children go to school and your mother told me that half of your income for renting apartments should come to me. Also, I took care of you when you were young so I have the right to this property. Give me the half of your earning.

Well yeah. Like I said, I have a bad childhood because of this bitch. She used to take care of me while my parents are working in Japan and she's getting paid for that.

Me: Mom didn't say anything like that. You dont have even a single right in this property because it is named after me

EA: She told me. Here's the proof.

She showed me their conversation and there I knew that she's lying because Mom never spoke EA dialect. (Stupid EA)

Me: It's fake. Mom don't speak your dialect.

She suddenly yelled at me for saying that she was lying.

EA: I HAVE THE RIGHT IN THIS PROPERTY! YOU DONT OWN THIS! AND THIS HOUSE?! MY FAMILY SHOULD BE LIVING HERE! NOT YOU! yada yada..

My hand automatically moved and slap her leaving a red handprint on her face.. I was starting to get irritated also because of what she did to me when I was young. I've been wanting to do that for a long time lol.

She looked at me and couldn't believe what I had done to her. I said what I had to say which I know she's not gonna like it

Me: Look, Bitch. It's not my fault that YOUR husband is lazy AF. You're not getting anything from me OR to my parents. you step on my property ONE MORE TIME you're not gonna like what Im going to do to you. Let's not forget the fact that you stole my Dad's money ($6k) and you know that we can file a lawsuit against you.

She just stared at me for moment this time I'm glaring at her. She turns around and start walking. For me that's not enough so I unleash my Pit Bull and German Shepherd (Note: They don't bite they're just barking at people they don't know)

Pitt Bull and German Shepherd start chasing EA
and I just saw EA run for her life.... I kinda feel sorry for being mean/nEDIT: it's come to my attention that some people think the comic wasn't sexually explicit. I'll call a meeting Monday morning and clarify what should be marked 18+ and what shouldn't. Thank you for your time.

I own a small comic book store, I usually work at the customer service desk so if any cashiers have a problematic customer they can just send them to me, and about once every few weeks I get a parent who thinks it's perfectly acceptable to buy a sexually explicit comic book/graphic novel for their 8 year olds. When I explain that it's store policy to refuse the sell of sexual content to/for minors. They ask to speak to my manager or boss, I love when they ask that because I like seeing their face when I tell them "I'm the owner" today was no different, I get a mother who wanted to buy a StarFire comic for her... idk 12 year old son. Usually I'd have no problem selling such a comic. Until I saw the cover. Overly pronounced breasts, cleavage is busting out of her outfit. I tell her it was store policy. I couldn't sell it to her. She got upset demanding that I had to sell her the comic. We have a back and forth. She asked to speak to my manager, I tell her "how about I just let you talk to the store owner?" And she seemed very enthused by that. So me being a smartass, I just stood there. She asks "well?" And I tell her "oh, I'm the store owner and again, I'm not selling you that comic for your son to jerk his wanger off to some superhero cleavage" she left my store in disgust./nThis actually happened a couple of weeks ago, I've thought about making an AITA post about this before, but I don't think there is any way I could've been the asshole.

So I'm coming back up from my home town to my college town for an internship, and I'm flying Southwest, which is open seating so I ended up sitting next to a dad and his little kid, who had to between 7 and 9 and absolutely adorable. So I boot up my switch and start practicing Smash Ultimate, because my friend took me to a tournament and we got pummeled and the kid takes an interest.

&#x200B;

The kid was watching me play and smiling, but didn't ask because I assume his dad taught him boundaries, but as soon as I noticed I asked the dad if it was okay for the kid to play with me. He nodded and the little guy lit up on the spot. I share an earbud with him, split up the controllers and we start, it was fun because he liked Captain Falcon and it was cute seeing him run around.

&#x200B;

About a half an hour goes by, and a lady walks up the plane walkway thingy and asks me if her kid can play too. I wasn't paying attention, and I am a big yes-man so I instinctively say "Sure" of which the EP tries to grab my Switch. I ask her what she's doing and she gestures down several seats to her own kid, who had to be around 13 and was....not so adorable. I'm not exactly sure why they thought my switch was a charity, I assume it's because I'm black and the kid I was playing with is white.

&#x200B;

I tell her I'm not comfortable with having it several seats back where I can't watch it, she tries to say they'll be fine but I wasn't having it, my internship is unpaid so my school is paying for room and board but it leaves me with effectively zero expendable income, so my switch and my laptop are going to my primary source of entertainment. (Turns out the summer dorms come with a TV with cable, which is cool too). She tells me it's "not fair for the other kids" and if anything happens, I'm sure *my* parents could get it fixed, which actually gets me mad because I'm rather poor, and saved up for this thing over months of working a minimum wage job at my university, I actually bought it tablet only and my roommate was kind enough to let me borrow his controllers and games as I slowly was able to afford my own stuff, like all my games were bought cartridge only on eBay, if not deals elsewhere.

&#x200B;

In hindsight, I should've just drawn it out, you're not supposed to be in the walkways very long and the flight attendants were definitely taking notice, but at the time I just asked the little kid for my controller back and put my switch in its case saying now I'm not comfortable with anyone touching it. EP smirks at me and goes back to her seat, I look over at the little kid who was sad and sniffling a bit, but I smile and give him the finger over the mouth "shush" gesture. So we wait 5 or so minutes until I'm sure EP was back to her own business, then we get right back to playing. This time it's Kirby, which made me happy because I actually got that game to play with my little sis, but the "allies' mechanic was too confusing for her so she didn't like it very much. Which sucks cuz games are really expensive for me.

&#x200B;

A good little while passes, and the EP walks back up, hails a flight attendant and says we're being disruptive. Which makes no goddamn sense and I'm sure everyone around thought so too. The lady tells the EP that she doesn't see any problem and I'm guessing the woman gained some self-awareness because she didn't make any more fuss and went right back to her seat.

&#x200B;

I didn't hear a peep out of her again, but as we were getting off the plane, the dad showed me a text from his wife saying that I was the real MVP, so that's nice, family points.

&#x200B;

EDIT: I'm not "playing the race card". I was just saying that the EM came up to me in the first place because I look nothing like the kid or his dad so she assumed I was letting strangers use it. Like I said in the comments, It's not like she didn't think it was mine or that I couldn't get it fixed.


EDIT 2: For the people who want to add me, my friend code is SW-3430-6833-2232/nBackground: I have a little sister (6year old) and I often go to the dollar store to buy a drink or something. On mobile
Cast
Em: entitled mom

E:store employee

Me:me

Earlier today I went to the store to get me a root beer and some chips. Soon I get a text from my mom asking if I can grab my sister a pack of underwear since she can't fit a lot of her other pairs. I grab my snacks and walk over to the area that has underwear. I grab a pack and feel a hand grab my arm

Em:what do u think your doing those are for little girls you sick pervert

Me: they're for my sister

Em:WELL U SHOULD HAVE A FEMALE GET THEM SO U DON'T DO ANYTHING WITH THEM 

Me:lady chill out I didn't even plan on getting them my mom texted me asking if I could get them.

Em: well why didn't she come here and get them

Me because I was already here now leave me alone

I get to the counter and E rings up my items when em shows up

Em:DONT LET HIM HAVE THE UNDERWEAR HE IS A SICK PERVERT

Me: sigh there for my sister


E: ma'am u need to leave OP alone


After that I go home and give my sister the underwear.
TLDR: woman yells at me for buying my sister underwear


Edit: my sister is running around the house with just her underwear on I think she likes them

Edit: thanks for the silver and gold kind strangers/nHey, for all who remember my [first post](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bs9ojq/em_tries_calling_me_a_pedophile_to_get_me_to_give/) on this subreddit, I'm back with another. I really wish I wasn't, honestly, I hate dealing with EP's and their bullshit. But apparently it seems to follow me whether I like it or not, so here we are. 

Very much like the last story, [this](https://imgur.com/a/8OlcTb1) RC truck was involved. It was a cheap find at a pawn shop, and I'm fixing it up before I decide if I'm keeping or selling it. This story takes place at my local hobby store, while I was buying parts for it. At one point I had set it down leaning up against the counter while I chatted with the employee, with [this,](https://i.imgur.com/ktnI9Vf.jpg) the part I ordered and was there to pick up, sitting on top. This, again, was my mistake.

As I was chatting with the employee about this little RC truck with a camera in it she had gotten to mess with her cats, a father and his son wandered into the RC section. They were looking at the different models on the shelves, and from the sound of things, the kid had earned himself some money and was buying himself an RC model. At some point the kid noticed mine, and mistook the price tag on the bagged part for the price of the truck.

K: Look dad, this one's only 2 dollars!

D: Really? That doesn't seem right, let me see

As the kid picks up my truck, I take notice and walk over

Me: Oh sorry, that's mine, I left it there because I didn't want to hold it for half an hour while I harassed this poor girl, you know? (gesturing towards the RC employee as I talked, and she laughed)

D: Sorry about that, it's a cool truck though

Me: Thanks, you know they have similar models available here (I point to the Traxxas shelf where they have the newer upgraded version of this truck)

I spend a few minutes showing the guy and his kid the various models, and he comments on how expensive the Traxxas ones are, and starts looking at the cheaper, more beginner grade ones. They pick out a nice [1/18 ECX Ruckus,](https://www.horizonhobby.com/product/storefronts/electric-cars-and-trucks/ecx-brand/ruckus-1-18-4wd-monster-truck--orange-yellow-rtr-ecx01000t2) and the dad tells the kid to go ask his mom to make sure she's okay with him buying this. The kid runs off, and comes back with a woman who I assume is his mom. She didn't have the stereotypical "Karen" look, but she had "the look" in her eyes. Anyone who has actually dealt with EP's or insane people knows "the look."

EM: Which one of you works here?

E: Uhh, that would be me

EM: My son here tells me he found a truck for 2 dollars but you wouldn't sell it to him?

K: No mom, I said it belongs to that guy (he points at me)

EM: Did it have a price tag on it? (By this day I'd been smart enough to take the pawn shop price tag off the hood of the thing, it was a pain in the ass)

Me: Well, no, it had this on it (I hold up the bagged part)

EM: Let me see that (she snatches it out of my hand)

EM spends a minute studying the tag on the bagged part, almost like if she stared hard enough she could find the secrets to The Karen Code, an ancient mystery lost to the guild of Karens for decades.

EM: This says Traxxas, right?

E: Well yes, but-

EM: And this truck is a Traxxas, right?

Me: I mean, it is, but-

EM: Then this is the price for the truck!

E: Well, no, that's not how this works.

EM: Why not? It says Traxxas on the tag!

E then gestures to the wall of parts, with probably several thousand parts all in similar tagged bags

EM :(getting red in the face) This is false advertising! I can sue for this!

D then runs over and interjects, likely having dealt with this before

D: Why don't you go wait in the car, I'll deal with this.

EM takes a minute to compose herself and leaves with one parting shot

EM: Fine, but you better let them have it!

She leaves, and as soon as shes out the door, the dad turns to both of us

D: Sorry about her guys, she does this a lot. We'll take the orange ECX truck for my son though.

As she's grabbing it off the shelf, the kid asks his dad 

K: Dad, what are you going to tell mom?

D: I dunno buddy, maybe that there was something wrong with the truck, or that they both got eaten by bears. I've got a couple minutes, I'll figure it out.

And with that, they pay and leave, and the employee and I had a good laugh about this insane woman, and what her husband probably wove for a tale to keep her happy.

TL;DR: no humans were eaten in the making of this post

 -Not a bear/nThis is *my* grandmother, but she's more of an entitled parent in this story.

&#x200B;

Me- 8 y/o

Mom- my mom (27-ish?)

Sis- Baby sister (age 2-ish)

P- maternal grandmother (idgaf, old enough)

U- My second oldest uncle, 1 out of 4 (14)

Pedo- my grandmother's prince charming, apparently.

&#x200B;

Alright, so one day my uncle, U, decided to do the kid thing and didn't want to go to school. He faked being sick by putting a hot towel on his head for sweat and putting on an Oscar-worthy coughing performance that he then passed on to me in later months. P, not one to really give a shit whether or not her kids go to school, shrugged it off and left him home alone.

U sets himself up on the couch for the day with TV, snacks, and a blanket. When P came back, he immediately turned the TV off with the remote and pretended to be asleep (What an actor). He waited a few minutes and then "woke up" when his mother left the room. This is the first time he saw Pedo, and Pedo was staring at him.

That gave him some r/LetsNotMeet vibes, and so he excused himself to his bedroom and actually took a nap. When he woke up, the guy was gone.

Over the next week or so, he spent all of his computer time at school researching this guy (Pedo has a pretty common name). Turns out, he'd been convicted of molestation of a minor (female) under the age of 12. He was super skeezed out, but he didn't do anything until one night he woke up and the guy was in his bedroom, just watching him and his older brother sleep. After that, he started sleeping with a baseball bat and ended up telling my mother what was going on.

Now, at this point my mother was a single mother with two kids, one of which was too young to be in school. She'd spent her entire childhood being a mother to her 5 younger siblings to the point where she was hospitalized when she was pregnant with me for fatigue and dehydration. So, when my uncle told her, she immediately called CPS.

My grandmother was presented with a choice: your kids or your pedophile. She chose Pedo and my uncles were immediately taken out of the house. As I was eight, I don't have a first hand account of what happened, but mom did tell me that she ended up having to comfort the crying social worker outside while the kids were gathering their stuff from the apartment.

This apartment, by the way, was across the street from two elementary schools (private Catholic and public), and was where I would spend an hour after school every day (somehow, I didn't manage to run into Pedo). Not only was this guy in constant contact with my minor uncles, he was constantly across the street from two buildings full of kids.

Anyway, the social worker asked my mother how many of her brothers she was willing to take on, and being the champ that she is, my mother couldn't just choose some of the four. She took on all 4, in addition to her own two, and we ended up living in a 3 bed/1 bath with them for 8-ish months until their dad had a place to keep them. (Their dad is good, he's just uneducated and wasn't involved past birthdays)

Here comes the real entitlement.

Now, my mother doesn't despise her mother, she's incredibly mentally ill and she doesn't take her meds. But she was very aware that P is an irresponsible and abusive person, so she has always been vigilant when it comes to me/sis.

Apparently, P was fine with the boys being taken away. What she wasn't okay with was that my mother refused to let me come over to her house anymore or meet Pedo. She ended up marrying the bastard! And one day, when everyone was out back playing (me, 4 uncles), P came by ***with Pedo*** and demanded that my sister and I be introduced to him because he's our new grandpa.

My mother basically said "fuck off" to her and slammed the door in her face. While my grandmother was pounding on the door, my mother snuck out the back door and collected all the kids before locking the door and putting us upstairs for "movie time with extra snacks". This was the only time my mother had ever not shouted for us from the kitchen door, so no one really put up a fuss. Apparently, the only time that P hadn't been pounding on the door was when we were on our way upstairs. Soon as mom shut the back door, locked it, and gotten us upstairs, P was knocking on the back door.

Ever since then, we've seen her maybe 10 times total, mostly around that time.

Now P only contacts us to send my mother bible verses and condemn her to hell for being gay through text.

&#x200B;

I have a few more stories about her. Not sure if they'd fit here though...

Edit: Pedo went on to rape a young boy. So, he wasn’t over it or whatever. P divorced him at some point, I think.

Edit 2: She only had her kids to make sure that she'd have govt aid (thus the constant 2-3 year age gap).

Edit 3: I've noticed comments about religion and that they're mostly just "that bitch is crazy for pretending this is about religion", but I just wanted to say that my actual grandparents (dad's parents) are fantastic and belong to the Roman Catholic church. Just because there are bad people in a religion (especially the Catholic one, of late), doesn't mean all are bad. <3/nCouple things I want to say before I begin: I am on mobile and my formatting may not be great. This is a very emotional story for me because of what happened. 

EM: Entitled Mother, EC: Entitled Child (not very entitled), E: Employee, f: friend, Me: Myself.

So this happened 3 years ago. My friend and I decided to go to Dunkin Donuts. (In case anyone does not know, it is a coffee shop that sells donuts and stuff) It happens to have 2 floors with a metal staircase leading up to the second floor.  It was pretty crowded and the only seats left we're on top right by the stairs. We sit down and get our food. My friend leaves for the bathroom and that's when EM and her child enter.

EM looks around and sees not open seats. She orders her food and heads upstairs. I didn't know why she was coming upstairs because there were no open tables. She comes over to me and sits down across from me. Keep in mind my friends food and drink is still at the table not even consumed yet. I decide I will tell her my friend is sitting there.

Me: Excuse me miss my friend happens to be sitting there. He just went to the bathroom.

EM: I don't care. *Proceeds to pull out her phone and take a picture of me* 

Me: Miss I have to ask you to please get up and delete the picture of me. 

EM: No I will not get up and I didn't take a picture of you. (She was dumb enough to have her flash on so it was obvious she took a picture of me)

Me: You have your flash, you took a picture of me. 

*Friend comes back from the bathroom* 

F: Miss this is my seat, can you please get up? My food is here. 

EM: *dumps his stuff on the floor* I don't see anything. 

At this point the people upstairs are clearly annoyed with the lady.

F: Are you going to pay for that? 

EM: not my food so, no. 

F: *heads downstairs to get an employee*

EC: Mommy there is a table open over there. *Points to other side of room*

EM: Shut the f*ck up we will sit here if I need to kill someone for it.

At this point I was in shock. My friend comes back asks the woman once more if she can get up. 

F: Mam please get up I don't want to cause a larger scene.

EM: *Gets up* You are so f*cking annoying you dirty piece of shit. *Slaps F in face* 

F: *stumbles back a bit towards the stairs* 

EM: *SHOVES my friend down the stairs* 

My friend then falls back and hits his head on the railing and tumbles down to the floor. I obviously get up and see if he is okay. His bone from his arm was sticking out and his head was bleeding a lot. 

EM then tries to leave but customers are pushing her back. The cops are called and she claims she pushed my friend out of self defense as he was going to punch her. The cops check the security footage and take her away almost instantly. The little boy is sitting there in shock as his mom is being taken away. 

My friend suffered a severe concussion, broken arm, broken collar bone and a broken rib cage. His family obviously pressed numerous charges. She ended up getting like 8 years in prison for a lot of other crimes including abuse of her own son and sexual abuse. 

Again this story is very emotional and hard for me to speak about. My friend has recovered and we are still friends to this day. 

Edit: I just want to add that this lady had severe mental issues that was later found out so that may be why she acted so horribly./nSo this story isn't mine this is something that happened to my oldest brother a little before I was born. This came up talking about the stories on this Reddit with my mom and laughed so hard at this story just had to share it.

&#x200B;

A little background this all went down a year or two after my mom divorced with her first husband my older siblings dad (we are half siblings same mom different dad). She is together with my dad in this story raising three kids my two older brothers and older sister on her own in a crappy house that wasn't even finished but all she could afford on a retail salary, once she found out she was pregnant with me and told my dad he moved all of them out. This is about my oldest brother Andy, his encounter with an entitled and jealous son, that boys entitled mom, and the pure savagery of my mom and dad, and another contender later on.

&#x200B;

So as mentioned with my mom being pregnant with her fourth kid (me) my dad, who had been seeing my mom for less than a year, saw to it to move them into a much better house and neighborhood (note: he was planning on doing it anyway, though hadn't at the time thought if they were at the level to move in together so wasn't sure how to go about it, till the pregnancy news.) Anyway, they find a good house that can fit all of them, in a good neighborhood close to both my parents work and the surrounding schools, its the early 90's so people check out the new neighbors.

&#x200B;

Now immediately my brother Andy is getting attention from the girls in the neighborhood. He was 16, tall, he was a new face and above all very handsome. Got a lot of attention from girls not only in the neighborhood but at the new school he was going to. This did not sit well with EJS (entitled jealous son) who, before my brother, was the hot kid in the neighborhood attention delving away from him. My mom also says what may have bothered him most, is that Andy never noticed, he just thought people were being nice he wasn't seeking popularity.

&#x200B;

EJS made it clear he didn't like my brother and started to relentlessly harass him on and off school, it started off with snide remarks verbal harassment. Andy just ignored it though, he's the kind of guy who gave no shits on what people he didn't like said. This just pissed off EJS even more so he started getting physical, ramming into him, taking his things, and even at school would corner him and beat him up. Andy never fought back not wanting to get in trouble for fighting back, my mom noticed him getting a little quieter and banged up more than usual, he was a kickboxer so bruises weren't new, just never in the face. It was my older sister who then told her about the kid. My mom just kind of looked shocked and asked why he didn't defend himself?

&#x200B;

"We get in trouble, if we fight at school even it's defending ourselves... we're just supposed to tell a teacher", he said but he also wasn't a snitch. Apparently, my dad shouted from the other room.

&#x200B;

"So? You won't get in trouble here, pop him one in the nose, you're a kickboxer aren't ya?"

&#x200B;

Andy still wasn't convinced though, my dad was one thing but my mom... he didn't want to disappoint her or bother her with this since she was about to have a baby and working at the new job. She assured him that wouldn't happen and that if EJS got physical, it was okay to defend himself.

&#x200B;

So this is where it gets funny see, my dad was able to find out the kids name from my older sister and my dad is the kind of man who somehow is friends with literally everyone. He knew the kid's dad, and the principal at the high school, he was a football player and wasn't allowed to play at the next game. EJS is obviously not happy and made some plans to confront my brother, so he and his pals start trailing behind Andy, my older sister, and my other older brother.  A crowd of kids starts gathering apparently EJS had spread the word he was going to face off against Andy and beat him. EJS starts smack talking how he had to get my dad to fight his battles while the crowd gathered at our house on our lawn.

&#x200B;

My siblings try to ignore them and just get inside, but his buddies are blocking the door and with them hold up EJS takes his chance grabs my brother by the should, and starts wailing on Andy. Andy normally is not a confrontational guy my sister and other brother are shouting to "Leave our brother alone", it's at this point my other brother Josh (who is 11 at this time) tries to help Andy.

&#x200B;

Josh gets smacked by EJS and told to stay out of it, now... that was a big mistake... Andy just snaps at that point he's been pushed around, harassed, is just tired of EJS's bullshit and NO ONE picks on his family. So now he's not only gonna fight back, he's going to beat EJS with everything he's got. 

&#x200B;

EJS and Andy go to town, but as mentioned Andy was part the school kickboxing team at the time, so yeah he's winning and winning badly. EJS starts sniffling and getting flustered unable to land another hit but not wanting to back off, most likely due to pride, that's when my mom comes out hearing the commotion. The crowd of kids is just silent, Andy stands and stares wide-eyed at my mom, EJS just smirks thinking Andy is about to get in trouble.

&#x200B;

My mom takes one panning look at the crowd, then the frozen place of her son and the smug look on EJS, and says this...

&#x200B;

"Kick his ass, Andy!"

&#x200B;

The color drains from EJS's face, the whole crowd silently staring at the pissed off pregnant mama bear. Andy just then goes back to hitting the kid broken up only when EJS's mom comes home and sees the commotion. She, of course, is furious pulls her son away and doting on him while he fake cries saying that my brother attacked him for no reason, she glares at first Andy but then even more at my mom.

&#x200B;

"And you just let it happen?! What's wrong with you? Control your son!" she said to my mom, and Andy swears this happened, he told me the crowd of kids just took a single unified step back, as our mom stared with a look that read, *"bitch I don't give a shit"* look on her face.

&#x200B;

"Your son has assaulted and bullied my son for months, Andy was defending himself, if EJS doesn't want to get into a fight he shouldn't start them."

&#x200B;

EM is of course red-faced glaring at my brother, "Apologize right now and maybe I won't call the police", she said and Andy, whose never gotten in that kind of trouble in his life, is about to do just that but my mom stops him.

&#x200B;

"Andy don't apologize to people who don't deserve one, come inside and clean up and you", she says to ES and EJS. "Get the fuck off my lawn", ushering all my older siblings inside EM red-faced and about to say something more when my dad pulls up. My 6'5, deep-voiced, muscle-laden dad, who just gives a quirked brow to the woman she starts saying something but he recognizes the kid and just ignored her saying a simple, "I don't care" shutting the door in her face.

&#x200B;

A day goes by and who appears but EJS, EM, and the husband/father of EJS & EM at our doorstep. The son is looking rather ashamed, the mother looks livid, and the unsung hero the father/husband just looks both "done with this shit" and "I'm so disappointed in both of them".

&#x200B;

My mom answers with crossed arms my dad coming up from behind, giving the other guy a wave (we'll call him Joe), before noticing the rest of them. Andy in the living room just kind of sitting there. "Hey Joe what's this about?", my dad asks gesturing to the three of them.

&#x200B;

"Hey Paul (my dad), ask her...", rolling his eyes at his wife, hands in his pockets as the woman just crosses her arms staring down my mom and over her shoulder at Andy.

&#x200B;

"We're here for an apology from your son to ours", EM says in an uppity *"holier than thou"* attitude, both my parents just staring her down.

&#x200B;

"And why should he do that?", my dad asks.

&#x200B;

"Because your son has harassed mine ever since he moved here, been nothing but trouble to my son, that's made him so upset he's been getting poor grades and now he's been kicked off the team because of made up allegations! We demand an apology and for you to call the school to admit he lied what he said about our son!"

&#x200B;

My mom was just completely done with this woman, "Well it's clear where your son gets his shitty attitude from, you spoil him so damn much I bet you'd believe any excuse he threw at you. YOUR son has been verbally and physically bullying and harassing MY son since we moved here, my son never threw a punch until YOUR son started assaulting not just him but his siblings keeping them from getting to OUR home. And we have several eyewitnesses to prove these claims from his peers, it's your son who should be apologizing...and frankly so should you for ruining him like this thinking he can do no wrong."

&#x200B;

EM gets flustered and red in the face, EJS again shocked someone is talking to his mom like this, but Joe just has enough and stops her."Yeah I had a feeling that was the real situation," he says and hits his kid in the back of the head. "Boy you better apologize or you can kiss your allowance goodbye for a month and if I hear you pull this shit while I'm away again its going to be gone for good this time".

&#x200B;

EM doesn't take this well, "What? No, he shouldn't have to apologize, why are you taking their side?"

&#x200B;

"Come off it EM, this isn't the first time he's pulled this shit and I'm sick of dealing with it, you let him get away with anything while I'm gone but no more this is the last time. Now fucking apologize boy and I swear if I hear about this while I'm away again, I will turn my truck around and beat your ass myself to drive that lesson into your thick skull".

&#x200B;

EJS just kind of stands there clearly not happy that the tides have turned he tries to say sorry with his head down but his dad makes him look my brother (who's been called to the front door) in the eye and say "Sorry...won't happen again".

&#x200B;

Andy just kind of in shock simply nods and says nothing else. EM meanwhile still fuming and wanting an apology but Joe is just completely down grabs his son by the shoulder and his wife by the arm to pull them away. "Sorry about this, you all have a nice evening and let me know if he disturbs you again", my mom just flashes a smile of gratitude his way, while he leaves with a last,

&#x200B;

"See ya Paul, talk later", to my dad walking back home the EM arguing with her husband the way back.

&#x200B;

After that, no one bothered any of my siblings again. EM still gave them dirty looks apparently, but they ended up moving again when I was born anyway so it didn't matter too much. Also, Joe was a truck driver he'd be gone for days delivering stuff across the country so that's why he gone a lot and why he was a hardass.

&#x200B;

Edit: I read the comments concerning my grammar and to be fair I did write this at 2am after working for the past week from 6am to midnight but I will admit grammar is something I struggle with. I'm taking online classes with "Khan Academy" to try and fix it, since I've gotten back into writing after taking a break for years. I'm often told that I actually use too MANY commas so...its kind of like "shit I can never win" feeling....

&#x200B;

Edit: Wow I have no idea what to say thanks to all who like my story and to the gold and platinum status and also the compliments about my parents. They are not together any more but literally live across the street from each other and still hang out when I told them, "people keep saying you are so awesome", my dad just replied with a cheeky grin, "Of course, why are you stating the obvious?". Also for a frame of how long this was ago my oldest brother Andy is 40, married, has two daughters one who just turned 15 and learning how to drive. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nSo a little backstory here. Every few years my mom and I take a little vacation together and go to some sort of all inclusive resort in Cuba, Dominican, or some other place. Last year in particular, we decided to go to Cuba because it'd been a long while since we travelled there together. Now, I don't know about places outside of the resort we were at, but the drinking age within the resort was 16. I was 18 already, though I actually do look more like a 16 year old. Now also keep in mind that I live in Canada where the drinking age is 19, so I'm just a few months shy of my own country's drinking age as well. Anyways. I'm not a fan of hard liquor or anything like that, I would usually just go for a mixed drink like a pina colada or something of the sort. My mom was fine with me drinking on the trip because firstly: I was past the drinking age in the country we were visiting, secondly: I wasn't drinking anything crazy apart from some colourful cocktails, and thirdly: because she was around me the whole time and was well aware of what I was doing. However, this apparently wasn't good enough for our delightful EM.

&#x200B;

Let me introduce you to the cast...

**EM** = Entitled Mom

**EK** = Embarrassed Kid

**BT** = Bartender

**RM** = Resort Manager

&#x200B;

So, me and my mom went down to the pool on this particular morning and were hanging around this in-pool bar they had. We were both enjoying our colourful drinks when I hear a woman behind me speaking to her son

&#x200B;

**EM:** Oh look sweetie, that's a really cool-looking drink \*talking about my red and yellow drink\*, do you want one of those?

**EK:** Yeah sure

&#x200B;

EM turns to the bartender and starts ordering their drinks

&#x200B;

**EM:** I'll have a mojito please and my son here will have whatever that girl over there is having.

**BT:** That's fine ma'am but I'll have to make it without alcohol as your son doesn't have the adult wristband.

**EM:** Wait. Hers has alcohol? Did you check her wristband? She doesn't look old enough.

**BT:** Yes ma'am, she has the exact same blue adult wristband as you do.

&#x200B;

The bartender proceeds to make her a mojito and gives the son a non-alcoholic version of my tequila sunrise. EM then heads closer to me and my mom and starts to chat with us. It's super common for different groups of people to talk and become friends on vacation so I didn't think much of it. Keep in mind that my mom is super shy, which is why she didn't really speak at this point.

&#x200B;

**EM:** Hi there!

**Me:** Hi, how're you guys doing?

**EM:** We're having such a good time! I was just gonna say though, you look so young! I couldn't even believe when the bartender over there told me that you were an adult.

**Me:** Oh well, I'm only 18 so I guess I'm still pretty young for an adult.

&#x200B;

EM's mouth practically hits the floor at this moment and I'm just standing there confused.

&#x200B;

**EM:** You're 18? How the fuck did you get an adult wristband?

&#x200B;

I was kind of taken aback by her aggressiveness, especially because 18 is actually considered the adult drinking age in many countries, so it shouldn't come as THAT much of a shock.

&#x200B;

**Me:** Well, the drinking age here is actually 16 and since I'm 18, I get the wristband.

**EM:** Do you think I'm stupid? The drinking age is 21, but nice try.

&#x200B;

She heads over to the bartender again who shoots me that "is she gonna cause a problem?" look and I just give him a nod.

&#x200B;

**EM:** EXCUSE ME SIR. THAT CHILD OVER THERE HAS AN ADULT WRISTBAND FOR SOME REASON AND I JUST WANT YOU TO KNOW THAT YOU'VE BEEN SERVING ALCOHOL TO A MINOR. WHAT KIND OF ESTABLISHMENT IS THIS? YOU'RE SHOWING CHILDREN THAT IT'S OKAY FOR THEM TO DRINK.

**BT:** She's actually 18 ma'am, that's two years over the drinking age here.

**EM:** EXCUSE ME? THE DRINKING AGE IS 21 ACTUALLY. YOU REALLY WANT ME TO BELIEVE THAT IT'S OKAY TO SERVE ALCOHOL TO 16 YEAR OLDS?

&#x200B;

EK is starting to get really embarrassed at this point and tries to back away from the situation but EM grabs his arm and yanks him back.

&#x200B;

**BT:** The drinking age is 21 in the USA, and as I'm sure you can tell, this is a completely different country.

**EM:** WELL ANY DRINKING AGE UNDER 21 IS COMPLETELY INSANE. THEY'RE STILL CHILDREN. BY GIVING THIS CHILD \*points at me\* AN ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE, YOU'RE TELLING MY SON IT'S OKAY FOR HIM TO DRINK.

&#x200B;

I look over at EK who looks like he'd rather just die right now than be in this situation any longer. EM tells the BT to go get the RM, and after a long sigh, he does. RM heads towards the pool bar and EM starts with her little speech again, although on a calmer note.

&#x200B;

**EM:** Hello sir, I just wanted to say that I find it extremely inappropriate that you're serving alcohol to minors such as that girl \*points at me again\* You're setting a bad example for other children.

**RM:** She's not a minor. Not in this country.

**EM:** But in America the drin-

**RM:** This is not America

&#x200B;

She then proceeds to tell the manager that she's going to put in a petition to change Cuba's drinking age (yes you read that right. The American lady wants to change Cuba's drinking age) And then this lady... this fucking lady had the audacity to get up in my mOMS FACE AND START SCREAMING ABOUT WHAT A HORRIBLE MOTHER SHE WAS.

&#x200B;

**EM:** DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING? YOU'RE RAISING AN ALCOHOLIC! YOU DISGUST ME. HOW DARE YOU ALLOW YOUR DAUGHTER TO INFLUENCE MY CHILD LIKE THIS.

&#x200B;

Now listen, I knew my mom wasn't gonna say anything back. But come on. How the hell was I gonna hold back.

&#x200B;

**Me:** First of all, change your fucking tone if you're gonna speak to my mother. Second off, I don't know what type of privilege you're used to, but an entire country, which you probably only visit once a year, isn't gonna change their laws because you don't agree with them. Third, with a mom like you, your kid's probably gonna end up having to drink secretly so you're the one that's probably gonna end up with an alcoholic on your hands. And lastly, my mom works 3 jobs to support my sister and I, and we rarely get to have a vacation like this. So excuse me if I don't want to spend my time arguing with your horrible self.

&#x200B;

My mom and I then left the pool area and went back to our room to cool down a bit. A few hours later we went to the lobby for some drinks and I asked the manager who was there what happened to the lady, out of curiosity. He said that after I left, she kept picking a fight with the bartender and any young people who tried ordering drinks and that they refunded her the nights she still had left at the hotel and were sending her back to the USA that same night. Later on, I saw her and her kid checking out of the resort along with the group that was leaving that night. She shot me a deadly glare and I gave her a sarcastically nice little wave.

&#x200B;

Needless to say, the rest of the vacation was amazing. The people at the resort were so incredibly sweet and my mom and I had the best time ever. We even talked with the bartender the next day about how insane the lady was. He joked around that they should put in a petition to ban her from the country, I wouldn't be surprised if they actually did. On another note, I actually feel really bad for the kid. He seemed like he'd been in embarrassing situations like this with his mom many times before. I also feel like she's the type of mom that would restrict him from doing anything and that would obviously cause him to go and do it secretly. I think we should just all start a petition to ban EMs from having any more children since they love petitions so much :)/nSo this story happened when i was about 16, i was working at a small music store/ school at the time, one of those hole-in-the-walls

It was a weak day,not a lot of customers other than the regulars, i was manning the cash register when this lady (who from now on i'll call EP,) walks in with her child (SB), not older than 6

"excuse me?" says EP on that voice we all know too well

me:"how my i help you today?"

EP:"my son wants to buy a guitar"

me:"Ok than, we have a few that will fit his size, small kids need a 1/2 sized guitar to reach the end of the neck"

"NO,he want a GUITAR, not a TOY!" says EP, lighting a cigarette as she's talking

"like i said, he wouldn't be able to reach the frets, also, you cannot smoke in here"

"WHATEVER"

so i go to grab a 1/2 size simple guitar, as the kid shouts "NO I WANT THAT ONE!" and point at a guitar in our display case, a beautiful red electric worth about 45,000 shekels (12,000$ approximately), custom made by our shop owner

EP:"he SAYS he wants THAT one" 

"Ma'am, that one's not for beginners, also, it's 45 grand"

EP:"don't LIE to me, it's probably just 5$, and throw in some free lessons for being rude"

I stare at her, no guitar, no matter how crappy or cheap, costs 5 bucks
At this point i just don't care anymore, so i Say "ma'am, either buy something or get out"

She walks over, takes out the 45 grand guitar, and hands it to her son, who almost immediately starts banging it on the floor, of course, the thing breaks

 I point to a "you break, you buy" sign on the wall

"that will be 45,000 shekels please, cash or credit"

EP GRABS HER CHILD, AND RUNS OUT THE F**KING DOOR

of course i called the cops and the insurance company, she payed in credit/nSo for simplicity I’ll call my cousin Lily (this isn’t her real name) and the entitled mom EM and the little bratty entitled kid EK. 

Okay so Lily and l are 13 years apart and we have a strong connection and I love her to bits. I saw her mom give birth to her and we found out when she was 8 moths old she was missing a part of her brain. So she is non verbal and physically disabled. She started having seizures when she was 11 months old and also diagnosed with epilepsy along with cerebral palsy. Even though she was physically held back I knew she loved being around me and toys that made music. As she grew up she helped me realize what I want to do with my life and take care of mentally/ physically disabled kids. That’s what I do now and I love it and I really feel like it’s my calling. When she turned 5 turns out she was misdiagnosed and actually had a very rare condition called FOXg1. Only a few hundred cases have been identified world wide so she’s literally one in a million. So that’s the backstory now to the main event. 
So it was her 6th birthday party and we had it in a park because some of the people who were invited had kids that weren’t disabled so they could play on the playground. But Lily of course can’t play so we payed out a blanket for her and put some of her toys out. I played on the blanket with her to keep her company and that’s when EK comes up and asked if he could play with one of her toys. I said yes but not the one she’s playing with. He stomped his foot and said “but that’s the only good one!” 
Mind you this kid is 6 and because of Lily’s condition she plays with baby toys that make music when you hit it. And the toy she was playing with was the gift I bought for her birthday. It was a little dog piano thing and it songs songs when she hits it. It’s perfect for her. 

Me: Oh no sorry Lily is playing with it right now. You can either wait and play with one of the other toys or you can go play on the playground with the other kids. 

EK:(throwing and ABSOLUTE FIT) NO I WANNA PLAY WITH THAT ONE. 

and this kids tries to grab it out of Lily’s hands. 
I said to stop trying to take her birthday present from her and I asked how her like it if I took his birthday present. Then he ran off and I thought that was the end of it. CUE EM. 

EM: Excuse me my kid wants to play with that toy. 

Me: yeah I know I told him that Lily is playing with it right now and I told him he could play with one of her other toys while he waits for her to be done. 

EM: Well I don’t see why MY CHILD has to wait to play with that toy. She has other toys she can play with. Give EK a turn. 

Me: No he tried to take it from her and plus this is her birthday present so he can wait. 

EM: well it’s not like she’d care. She isn’t all there so it won’t make a difference. 

Me: Excuse ME??

EM: she is mentally retarded right? She won’t care because she doesn’t even know how to think. So it won’t make a difference. And what is she gonna do? Run after him? She can’t walk. So let EK play with the toy. 

Me(I am shaking with rage ): How DARE YOU SAY THAT. she didn’t CHOOSE TO BE LIKE THIS. She was born this way. She has a SUPER RARE GENETIC DISORDER. She can play with toy no matter what her mental or physical state is. She actually likes this toy and it stimulates her senses. YOU MUST BE MENTALLY RETARDED FOR EVEN SAYING THAT. PLEASE LEAVE. 

The EM mom then called me a bitch and actually RIPPED THE TOY OUT OF LILY’S HANDS. Then she ran over to her kid in the play ground and gave it to her kid. I got another adult to watch Lily while I go after the mom. I ran after her and I ripped the toy out of her hands. 

Me: HOW DARE YOU STEAL FROM A DISABLED 
CHILD???

EM: I didn’t steal from anyone. This is my child’s toy now. 

Me: RETURN THE TOY OR I WILL CALL THE POLICE. 

EM: fuck that. You can keep this trash. It’s best for disabled kids who don’t know any better. 

Me: can I have your name please. I’m filing a report for harassment and theft. 

EM: go to hell.
 
She then grabbed her kid and ran to their car. 
I talked to my aunt and told her what happened and turns out she wasn’t even invited to her party. She was a complete stranger and she just let her son crash our party and they even took some of our cake. 
We never filed anything because while we where trying to stop her Lily had a seizure due to the commotion and we had to take care of her and make sure she was okay. So we never caught her so be careful. She’s still out there and she WILL STEAL disabled kids toys. So lady if you’re out there, I hope your kid gets away from you and learns to be a MODEL CITIZEN and respect all kinds of people. And yes Lily got her toy back. And I got her some new toys because the kid kinda messed it up and the music now sounds like demons screaming for help. So she’s a happy girl now. :) 
Thanks for reading and I’m happy I FINALLY have an entitled parent story to tell!!

For those of you saying you’d hurt this lady TRUST ME I was about to break her neck. When I confronted her after she took the toy I kinda pushed her around a few times but I didn’t actually hit her. Looking back I wish I did. That’s the only thing I regret. Then I would’ve stalked her more and gotten her license plate number. 

And it wasn’t the lady that caused her to have a seizure it was a combination of loud noises, (Lots of people yelling including me and EM) heat, lighting. But the noises is what really triggered it. So yes and no it’s the lady’s fault. But I don’t think it was a coincidence she had one while we are yelling./nBackground:

I've been boxing for 9 years(Important Later)

Ok Me and my friends were 16 in this story

Me=Me

\#1 = Friend #1 (Party Hoster)  
\#2 = Friend #2

\#3 = Friend #3  
GF= Girlfriend

EK = Entitled Kid

ED = Entitled Dad

EM = Entitled Mom

&#x200B;

It was summer and my friends parents were on vacation(Sandals Resort or something so no kids allowed) and they left #1 home for a week and a half.

\#1 throws a party one Friday night mid July and it ended up being really good, almost 100 people most of us 16-17

It's about 45 minutes into the party and the majority of people are there, most drunk or high

This is when the door bell rings, I run up to see if it is other people trying to come party

It isn't, it is 2 parents (Probably like 30 ish) and there son (like 6)

Me: Oh, Hi can i help you?

EM: Well, we saw you guys were having a party

Me: Oh sorry is it too loud?

ED: no, we were wondering if our son could join you?

Me: Uh #1 get over here

\#1: Hey what's up?

Me: They want their son to come in

\#1: Oh sorry I don't think it's appropriate for him

ED: Well we have a dinner reservation and our baby sitter canceled

Me: Hey, I just don't think he's old enou-

EM: Listen, we are going to this dinner. You will be taking our son

At the time I was buzzed and couldn't keep this up I got GF

She went over and tried to calm them down

This is when I hear

EM: Listen here you little slut, you are taking care of my son. I don't care if you guys are having a party, Take. My. Son

I jump up and against better judgement say

Me: Fuck you

and slam the door in their face

They continue to bang on the door

I Open it and instead of saying anything they shove their kid into the house

EM: If you don't take our kid we are calling the cops

\#1: Dude what the fuck

\#2 walks up stair to the front door, he is very, very stoned

\#2: Yo, what's with this kid?

Me: these freaks are making us keep their kid

At this point the kid runs outback to where the majority of the people are

Me and #2 run after him.

this kid is very fast and even faster compared to a drunk dude and a guy higher than the clouds

Everyone is either filming or trying to grab this kid

I grab the kid and carry him back to the door and out to the steps while he kicks and bites me

Me: Take your brat

EK: Help he hit me!

ED: What!

ED lunges at me and I start punching him

For a drunk teen I'm doing ok but he kicks me in the balls and tries to choke me homer simpson style

\#1 pulls him off me and pushes him out the door

\#2: He didn't hit your fucking kid you c\*nt

\#3 runs up and he was one of the ones filming

\#3: yo you get that kid?

ED: Yes, and he hit him too

\#3: No he didn't

\#3 pulls out his phone and shows the video of EK kicking me

ED: You just didn't get it on your phone

\#1: But we did get you fucking choking him

\#1 had one of those new doorbells that takes pictures when there is motion

\#1 shows the pics

\#1: You ever try shit like this again and I'll send these pics to everyone

we slam the door and continue the party

Overall, pretty good party. 10/10 would recommend

Edit: Let’s just keep the drinking part between us, thanks

Edit: Damn, Thanks for the gold dude

Edit: Also thanks for the silver/n I've posted this on r/childfree but I feel it belongs here too!  It is not the most outrageous entitled parent story but there's still some entitlement in it so enjoy! I edited a bit for mistakes and clarity.

I own an apartment and the last 4 years, I was unable to pay the mortgage on my own so I had roommates. I had a great raise few months which mean I was able to tell the roomate to find another place to live. I've spent the last few years without having friends over and I wanted to celebrate by hosting a small party. I sent my invitations, everyone says they'll be there and a acquaintance told me he has a new girlfriend and ask me if she could come. I saw no issues. I was wrong.

Few hours before the party, the new GF, let's call her Karen, texted me saying she could not find any babysitter. I told her to ask my best friend if they could share her babysitter but she told me the kids doesn't get along. I was surprised, as best friend's kid is sweet and want to be friend with everyone. I told Karen I was sorry but I didn't want kids at my party and everyone of our friend were stoked to leave their kids at home for once. She didn't reply so I assumed she was mad.

Few hours laters, few quality people showed up at the door and we're having fun... Until acquaintance and his gf, Karen arrived... With her 3 kids. I wasn't happy but well, I let them in but I wanted to talk with Karen so I took her aside

Me: I told you this was not a party with kids.

Karen: I know but my kids are well behaved and I wanted to meet everyone, Acquaintance is always talking about his wonderful friends.

Me: Ok let the kids plays in the spare room

Karen went on to set up her kids in the room but soon came back

Karen: Where's the toys for them?

Me: Toys? I don't have any! I don't have any kid!

Karen: How do you expect me to entertain them, then?

Me: You didn't bring anything?

Karen: No, there's always toys wherever I go

Me: Well I'm sorry but I don't know what to do...

Karen: Could you set up your PC in the spare room?

Me: Gosh no! This PC is brand new and I won't let a kid play with it.

I began to feel upset, she was keeping me away from my friends and made me deal with her issues concerning her kids. So I told her to find a solution on her own and she gave them her phone to play with. Few moments later, someone rolled a joint and almost everyone followed. It's perfectly legal where I live.

Karen: WHAT ARE YOU DOING? ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? THERE'S KID IN HERE!

A friend: Well... They weren't supposed to be here so...

Another friend: This is a 420 friendly home...

Me: This is my place, I kinda can do whatever I want you know?

Karen: Can you please at least go outside?

Me: I'm sorry but my neighbors like to sleep with their windows open so I don't want to bother them with the noise and the smell...

Karen: What kind of person are you? Thinking about the well being of your neighbors but doesn't give a damn about my kids? You're a fucking moron! A child hater!

I was pissed off at this point

Me: You know what Karen? This is my home, my party, my rules and I will do whatever the fuck I want in here. You already broke the no kids rule, I went with it but who are you to told me and my guest not to smoke in MY HOME? I'm sorry, Acquaintance but I need to ask you, Karen and the kids to leave. I would like you to stay but she's not welcome anymore.

A friend: If you wanna stay bro, I'll give you a ride home.

So Acquaintance stayed, Karen and her kids went home and they broke up few weeks later. We had a blast as soon as she left.

Ps: Sorry, English isn't my first language./nSo this isnt my story, but i heard a teacher once say it, and also its short, and + this is on phone

EM: Entitled Mom, T: Teacher

So it goes like this

Once a teacher was doing tests with 1st graders on math, it was like in the middle of the school year. The EM's daughter did quite some errors like 2+2=22. So she got an F. The EM visibly wasn't happy with that and went to the teacher
And here comes the conversation

EM: why did my daughter get an F on the test?

T: *shows her the paper*

EM: i dont see anything wrong with that

T: she clearly didnt count properly, she is suposed to answer correctly for instance 3+4 isnt 34 but 7, she should know that

EM: im gonna get you fired for this

T: but thats how it works in the School

EM: you'll regret that

A few days later the mother sued the school,
She didn't win

Edit: its been 3 hours an this has more than 300 upvotes, this is my first post on reddit thanks 

Thanks for the silver/nHello everyone, I worked for a few years as a Front Desk Supervisor at a hotel attached to an indoor water park. I have lots of stories involving EP’s, EK’s, and tons of crazies, but this entitled mom (EM) was one of the worst. I didn’t deal with her personally, but I had to deal with her aftermath, and the head of security and the water park told me the whole story. TK stands for traumatized kid, WP stands for Water Park.

&#x200B;

It was the dead of winter (late February), and due to freezing cold the indoor water park attracted lots of families. It was a packed Saturday, but after the check-in rush the lobby was a ghost town. I was working the front desk alone, shooting the shit with the security guards when a call came over the radio from the WP. Our Head of Security (we’ll call him Don) was a stocky bear of a guy, and the king of calm authority. He could look at a rowdy group and they’d stop cold, but he knew how to handle himself if they didn’t. He calmly walked down the hall to the WP, rookie security guard in tow, and I waited for them to come back with the story.

&#x200B;

They were gone less than 10 minutes, and the fire alarm starts blaring. I hear Don yell over the radio it was a false alarm, and to bring the shuttles around to pick up water park guests, and my heart sank. It was past 10pm, and at least -10 degrees outside, and a whole bunch of soaking wet people must have walked out into the cold, not to mention a horde of angry guests upstairs. Thankfully, the alarm was diffused quickly, and we caught most people from leaving the lobby, and the shuttles circled the building to intercept any guests who went outside with warm blankets. After a bit, Don and the Rookie returned. The rookie was splattered with cake, and holding a bandage on his hand, and Don dives into the story.

&#x200B;

Entitled Mom (EM) was hosting her 8-yr-old’s (TK’s) birthday in the WP. Our catered birthday package included cake, pizza, and all-day WP passes for the party guests. EM took that as ‘you can watch my kid’, and spent the day harassing the lifeguards to bring her fresh towels and drinks, claiming too many seats for her friends, and generally ignoring her daughter.

&#x200B;

The trouble really started around 10pm, because the restaurant and bar closed, and EM suddenly wanted to go home. She couldn’t see her daughter (it was a large park), so EM started screaming and cussing loudly for her to get out of the water. Lifeguards tried to quiet her down, but she angrily pushed past them, threatening her daughter.

&#x200B;

EM: “TK You BETTER get out of the water, you have until the count of 3! 1….2…3!”

Security arrived just as she shouted ‘3!’, walked calmly to the wall, and before they realized what she was doing, she pulled the fire alarm.

EM: “Now EVERYONE has to get out because you didn’t listen! This is your fault, TK!”

The lifeguards and security were stunned, but they quickly went after her, and she wobble-ran back to the party balcony.

EM: “Get away from me! You were too lazy to get her out, so I had to!” Mind you, she was wearing a swimsuit, and could have easily gone in the park to get her child.

&#x200B;

The rookie starts going for her, and EM picks up the left-over cake from the party and hurls the tray at him and the lifeguards. When the rookie reeled back in surprise, she tackled him. Don managed to rip her off by the scruff of the neck and subdue her, but she managed to get a nasty bite on Rookie’s hand. The police were called and EM was arrested for assault, and TK was taken home by her aunt.

&#x200B;

I spent the rest of the night calming down furious guests with frightened or freezing children, but it felt good to know EM was arrested. Lemme know if you want more, I've got lots!

EDIT: Thank you everyone for your support and those who gave silver, I really appreciate it! Another story will be posted later today :)

I also want to clarify about the birthday package. We had 2 time slots for catered birthdays, one for lunch and one for dinner. In addition to the pizza and cake, the party guests were given all- day passes to the WP, and access to the exclusive balcony longer than the food portion of the party to store their items. Lunch parties got the balcony from open to 3pm, and dinner parties got the balcony from dinner to close. This birthday party was around dinner, so they had access to the balcony until the park closed at 11pm.

Also want to clarify, we tried to stop guest from leaving because we knew the alarm was false. Some families in the locker rooms and guest rooms took emergency exits when they heard the alarm, so we sent the shuttle to catch anyone who exited the building. Only 4 families made it outside, most walked down to the hotel lobby or called the front desk./nI just found out about this story from my mom, is a few years old but I wouldn't believe it if I didn't vaguely remember it happening at the time.

CAST AND CHARACTERS

Me- ME!

Mare- My lovely mother

C- The child in question

CM- Child's mom, the EM in question

CD- Child's dad

A few years ago, when we lived in a very tightly-knit subdivision, we had new neighbors move in next door to us, two adults and their son, who was about 7 or 8. We were nice and friendly, but they never seemed interested in being suburban-mom friends with my mother and her buddies, so we didn't know them very well. I have two younger brothers as well, and they were both in middle school at this point which means I was in high school, and didn't really have anything in common with the 2nd grader next door. 

One day, after my brothers and I had already been home for a while, someone starts banging on our door. My mother goes to answer it and finds a crying child at the door.

Mare: Oh C, are you okay?

C: My house is locked and I tried knocking and no one answered so I can't go home.

Mare: Oh no! Do you know their phone number and want to give them a call?

C: No

Mare: Do you know their first name so we can look them up?

C: No.

So my mom has no choice but to let C hang out at our house until his mom arrived home. He was quite a bit younger than us, and we tried to be as nice as we could, but 7 and 11 is a pretty wide gap interest/TV wise. A few hours later, my mom finally saw someone pull into the driveway. She grabs C and brings him next door and talks to CM

Mare: Hi, C was at our house this afternoon and couldn't get in, so he's been at our house. He should probably have some phone numbers so he can call in case of an emergency

CM: Oh, my husband's been home. He was probably just taking a nap.

Mare: Oh, well C was pretty upset and wanted to go home, so just in case he should have a way in.

CM: Well I thought you could just watch him. You have kids. We were busy. 

So Mare is obviously super annoyed at this lady and her husband, but isn't going to be mad at the kid. But this exact situation happens again. And again. Sometimes the parents are home but "busy", sometimes they just drop him off at our house and expect my mom to watch him until they get home. Finally Mare just has to tell CM that she won't watch her kid anymore without asking or at least a warning, and CM gets SUPER mad about how Mare is a stay-at-home mom and she works all day and doesn't have the TIME to watch her kid but doesn't want him to be at home alone, and her husband is stressed out and works from home and C being there is a distraction and how it would be the neighborly thing to do to just watch him whenever. My mom basically just tells her to hire a nanny or get the kid a key, and leaves. Thankfully we moved away a year or two later, but I was so shocked to hear that CM just expected her neighbors to watch her kid all the time.

EDIT: I wrote this while my mom was at work, and after she got home I told her about it. Apparently I misremembered it. BOTH parents were home while the kid was knocking or ringing the doorbell. They either just didn’t hear it (which ???? if you know your kid is out and he’s gonna come home soon) or just let him come over because they were too busy. Not sure if that makes it better or worse,  I think worse./nShort one I had to live through this month. 

Me: Manifestation of Entropy

Gf: My partner

Ck: cute kid my partner is looking after

Bk: Bitches kid. Not actually all that bad. 

Ep: Mother who doesn’t understand biology. 

One of my partners works as a nanny, and while visiting her, we took one of the kids she looks after to a soft play area. I’ll admit, I wasn’t looking too much where I was going, since cute kid was being cute by being excited for the play area (think a chuck e cheese without the food)

Now these places have pretty heavy doors, probably to keep any potential escapees from getting out, but once you’ve gotten them slightly open they tend to swing open at speed. Someone leaving obviously didn’t see me, because I turn just in time just to get a facefull of door. 

Hurt like a bitch, and I must have caught the edge of a panel or something, since I get a big cut on my forehead. Now any fan of pro wrestling can tell you that forehead wounds like to bleed. A lot. So I try to play off the injury and we send ck off to play. 

I’m sitting on one of the benches nearby while gf runs off to try and find a first aid kit when the real trouble starts. 

Bk: Mummy? What’s wrong with that man?

I look up to see a little girl of about 4 tugging on her mother’s hand and gesturing in my direction. The mother is too engrossed in her game of candy crush or whatever to actually look. 

Eb: Just go play sweetie. Come on. 

Bk: Mummy I think he’s really hurt!

Eb finally looks up in my direction and sees my face is now mostly a crimson mask where I’ve tried and failed to stop the bleeding. She starts her approach. 

Eb: Excuse me? Can you do that outside?

Me: I’m sorry, what?

Eb: You’re disturbing the children. 

I’d like to point out at this point that hers is the only kid who has even noticed. 

Me: Sorry, my partner has gone to try and find someone and a first aid kit-

Eb: No you need to leave. You’re upsetting my daughter!

The kid does look a little concerned, so I try to defuse the situation

Me: Hey there kiddo. Nothing to worry about. Just a silly scratch. Doesn’t even hurt-

Eb: Do NOT talk to my daughter! I DIDNT SAY YOU COULD TALK TO MY CHILD!

Me: I’m sorry. 

Thankfully my partner comes over with a staff member and green box in hand. The guy starts mopping up the blood as I lose sight in one eye. 

Eb: PLEASE! Throw this man out he’s scaring my daughter!

Staff: Ma’am he’s seriously hurt. Please let me get him sorted. 

Me: It’s really not that bad...

Eb: HE’S TERRYRISING [sic] MY BABY! I SAW HIM CUT HIMSELF OPEN! HE HAS A KNIFE!

Gf: Jesus lady! Can you just back off?

Eb: WE’RE NOT SAFE! WE’RE NOT SAFE!

She runs out of the building dragging her daughter roughly behind her. As she leaves there’s a horrifically loud bang that we theorise was the sound of the daughter hitting the heavy door as it closed since her mother was in a hurry. 

We later found out that the police had arrived later after they’d had a report of a “crazy knife wielding maniac”, but we were gone before they turned up. Not exactly encouraging response time for the police, but that’s another issue./nSorry in advance if this looks weird, it's my first time posting and I'm on mobile.

Little backstory: My friend and I are extremely close and always go shopping when we can. She likes to go shopping with me because I tend not to judge her breast size, as she's extremely embarrassed about them. Now to the story. 

So it was after finals at school, everyone else had plans but me and her so we went to our town center by our school to eat lunch and shop because teenage boredom. We went to the normal kind of clothes shops (H&M, Dillard's, Macy's, etc.) and look and try out clothes we picked out for each other. We were walking around and she saw something she liked in some clothing store we've never been to (some sort of hairband or choker). So we went in and started looking at stuff. That's when she noticed the bra section and started looking through it, seeing if she could find something that fits. (Since the bras she usually wore were expensive and bought online) 

While we were looking around a girl and her mom walked in. Nothing special about them, so we paid them no mind. We kept looking around when the mother tapped me on the shoulder. 

EM: Excuse me, is that your girlfriend? 

OP: No, no. We're just really good friends. Is there something wrong? 

EM: Well, you see...(she gestures to her daughter) she's making my daughter feel self conscious. 

OP: Oh! Did we say something inappropriate? I'm so sorry if we did, we'll make sure to watch what we're saying. 

EM: No! Nothing like that, it's just that, (she holds out her hands in front of her boobs like she has bigger ones) she's so big here, and it's making her think she needs a boob job like her. 

OP: Excuse me? 

At this point I'm already getting mad because she assumed she got a boob job at age 17,but I let it slide since people do sometimes get the wrong impression. 

EM: I was just wondering if you guys could leave so my daughter could shop in peace. 

OP: Hold on. You want me and my friend to leave because my friend's breats are big? Are you serious? 

EM: It's not that big of a deal, this store isn't meant for people like her anyway. She needs to go to HotTopic or something. 

Now I'm basically about to lose my shit. I can handle 1 misjudged insult, but when you insult her entire person, that's when I get angry. Add into the fact that I'm tired from finals and college applications and such. 

OP: As far as we are concerned, this place is open to the public and we're allowed to shop here if we please. If your daughter can't deal with looking at my friends figure, you need to reassure her that she's beautiful in her own way and not to worry about stuff like that, not basically back her up that she should be self conscious about her boobs! 

EM: How dare you raise your voice at an adult! Would you talk to your mother like that?! You should listen to what the adults are telling you and not talk back! 

At this point we're starting to cause a ruckus in the store and my friend is tugging on my jacket to try to get me to stop because the daughter got the manager. 

M: Is there a problem here? 

EM: Yes, this SLUT (referring to my friend) is making my daughter feel self conscious about her body and refuses to leave!

M: Ma'am, anyone is allowed to shop in our store, but now you two aren't. 

I was surprised at how quickly the manager kicked them out, but I wasn't complaining. She was escorted out calling me and my friend insults with her daughter not saying a word. The manager then apologized and told us to take our time. My friend than gave me a hug and thanked me for standing up for her. So we finished shopping there and went on to the next shop, HotTopic. 


/nEDIT: I POSTED A SEQUEL TO THIS! Check it out! It’s even crazier!

Okay, so this is one of the craziest things that has ever happened to me. But let’s get the basics out of the way.

OP - me 
EM - entitled mom
B - the demon spawn

So I have been able to speak Chinese for around 4 years. I wouldn’t call myself fluent, but I am conversational and use context clues to fill in the gaps - not many to fill in the first place.

My favorite nail places has recently botched my nails (if you guys want I can post that somewhere) so I tried out another nail place nearby. If you haven’t gone to a nail place before, let me enlighten you. The workers basically all speak Chinese when they aren’t speaking to you and they don’t think you understand (also many moments of haha I do understand you that I can post if you guys want).

So I’m getting my nails done and in walks EM. She’s also Asian and, judging on the fact she was yelling in Chinese immediately, Chinese. Walking in after her is B, looking about 12 years old, a girl.

B immediately starts complaint to her mom that she wants her hands and toes done.

太贵了！(Too expensive) The girl can only get her hands done. Sadly, she’s immediately put in the chair next to mine with EM standing beside her.

Since i was planning to cosplay within the week, I was getting my nails specifically done for the character - which meant they were kind of wacky. B then decide to chat with her mom in Chinese about my nails. Here is their conversation translated.

B: Mom can I get nails like hers? (Nudges her head to me)
EM: Why? (为什么）Only old women who will never get married get those nails. 
B: But Mom I want those nails!
EM: Skinny girls don’t get those nails. They are for fat girls.

Wow. I’m not skinny, but I’m not fat either. So I turn to my nail artist.

OP: 咖啡店在哪儿？我要喝咖啡。(Where is the coffee shop? I want to drink coffee)

Both EM and B immediately look at me and I flash them a grin. 

OP: 我会说中文。(I can speak Chinese)

At this point my nails are done and I get up, not bothering to dry them. I pay and immediately leave the store.

I didn’t want to get into conflict. If anything, the looks on their faces were worth it.

What would you guys have done?

BTW my nails were for Harley Quinn. Me and my friends were dressing up as Catwoman, Harley, and Poison Ivy./nSo my back garden has a large fence with a hedge along it, this is mirrored with a house on opposite. The neighbors who live on the other side of the hedge are alright, bit weird and quirky but for the most part they're fine.

&#x200B;

The have 2 Young girls, I'd say age 3 & 4. Very friendly, always shouting through the fence making conversation they're great. Also in the story is my fluff ball. Who's now a big fluff ball German Shepherd.

&#x200B;

She's good with Kids but quite defensive of her area, you can see where this story is going.

&#x200B;

Now Fluff Ball does like to bark at these girls through the fence, its is dense and about 15ft high so she is purely barking at them playing. When this happens i go out and call her back in as she is fairly loud.

&#x200B;

This brings me to yesterday, its was nice out so i had the backdoor open. Fluff Ball running inside and out playing with her toys. I hear the barking start again as per usual when the young girls are outside playing. I go out, walk her back inside, speak to the kids as normal & go back to my movie.

&#x200B;

Few minutes go by and the barking starts again, i finish the scene i was watching and mooch outside to collect her again, This time her head is kinda in the hedge. There is small gaps in the fence so i suppose she's getting a better look.

&#x200B;

I go out and pull Fluff Ball out of the hedge & the 2 girls are sitting IN the hedge, On our side of the fence, god knows how they got over it. They are in there. Poking Fluff ball with a stick in the face, Ofcourse Dog is going completely mental Kill mode, (Small Snack sized children, Stranger in her property, being poked in the face).

&#x200B;

I actually felt sick, if Fluff Ball had gotten into that hedge, she could've mauled them. i take dog back inside and close the door so she cant come out, Help the 2 girls out the hedge and ask what the fuck they're doing (nicely). they say they wanted "to play with the doggie". I let them off, they're 2 young kids. Probably have no idea what potential danger they could've been in.

&#x200B;

In come EM and EF, the top parents who throughout all of this..were sitting in their garden having a smoke. I call to them. They come over to the edge of fence that has no hedge by it. Their first thing they blurt out is "what the fuck are you doing with my kids you're abducting them"..okay then.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

I explain the situation, Parents blamed me, for allowing them to climb the fence? interesting point of view. I go on with how my dog could've of Seriously injured them. You need to keep a better eye on them.

&#x200B;

Obviously me questioning their perfect parenting was crossing the line. I pass the girls back over the fence to EF who is staring at me with the devils eyes & nothing more was said.

&#x200B;

**Today:**

&#x200B;

\*Bang Bang Bang\* on the door, Animal Control Officer & a Police Officer at the door. Claims i have been reported for owning a dangerous dog & that it has bitten a young neighbor. Slightly confused i invited them in. Fluff Ball charges past me and jumps up at them trying to lick their faces. She likes people once she she's them.

&#x200B;

I explain my side of the story & say one of the girls have a cut on her arm, Which is strange because i was the one who took them out of the hedge and checked them over, there was no cut.

&#x200B;

After talking again for a while longer they leave and will get back to me after they've spoken to the family (which hasn't happened yet). If you want an Update let me know and i'll post one once i hear anything!

&#x200B;

TL;DR - 2 young girls from next door climb their fence into my hedge, provoke my defensive german shepherd with sticks, Parents blame me for their lack of control over their own kids.

&#x200B;

[Fluff Ball Pic For Those Who Asked](https://imgur.com/BB34yJX)

&#x200B;

UPDATE -  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b7402q/update\_your\_dog\_could\_have\_killed\_my\_children/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b7402q/update_your_dog_could_have_killed_my_children/)/nMe- me

PD- poor dad (edit: a guy in a really shitty situation)

EM- entitled mom

EC- entitled child

Background: This is a free standing ER so there is no hospital attached. With this, we only have 20 rooms, and (on most days)  it's gets filled in VERY quickly. We have a room, however, that is mostly empty called the trauma room, but when someone is in there is means something VERY serious has happened (important later). Also, On this day, it is really busy--as in 40 patients seen before ten am busy. I'm a volunteer, so I mainly stick to the front desk as the nurses and doctors are running room to room.

A woman (EM) comes in with her daughter (EC), but before they can sign in, PD comes running in yelling out how his son (in his mid thirties) is unresponsive and is having serious trouble breathing. This immediately sets docs an nurses on edge as they get a the PDs son on a stretcher and wheel him immediately into the trauma room. The father was told to wait in the waiting room while they work on his son, and this guy is pacing back and forth, sweating, and murmuring prayers. Almost everyone in the waiting room is looking sympathetically at PD. But of course, EM just looks annoyed..

EM comes up to the window and asks how long the wait is, and I tell her it's twenty minutes but it may be a bit longer due to a recent patient (referencing PD's son, but for reasons, I can't just tell her that.) She glances at PD and  rolls her eyes, but turns to sign in at the kiosk while texting on her phone. A few minutes later, I can see a teen signed in for abdominal pain. I call her up and she and EM comes up.

Me: Are you (enter first and last name)?

EM: Yes she is, when can we get our room?

Me: I need to ask a few more questions, and there's no guarantee you can get a room at this moment.

Since it's busy and I only have one room open, I need to have a few more specifics on "abdominal pain" to see where on the necessity list she needs to go. I ask her "what's going on?"

EC: My mouth hurts.

Me, confused: your mouth?

EM and EC gives me a *are you stupid?* look.

Me: But you signed in your daughter for abdominal pain.

EM rolls her yes and points to her mouth.

Me: Abdominal pain relates to your tummy.

EC: does it matter? I need to be seen

ME, getting fed up: look, does your stomach hurt or does your mouth hurt?

EC: It's my mouth, geez.

Me: Ok, I need change your file to mouth pain.

EM looks like I  just slapped her.

EM: No! NO! No! We need to be seen now!

Me: excuse me?

EM: my boyfriend told me abdominal pain is important to you hospital workers!

Me: But your daughter doesn't have abdominal pain.

EM: Well that BOY who was wheeled is probably faking! He doesn't deserve to be seen first!

Me: Excuse me?

EM: That guy is older, my daughter is still young! She needs to be seen first! He's lived his life!

At this time, it is DEAD silently in the waiting room as everyone is staring at EM in horror. The father slowly turns around and looks at the EM with tears in his eyes. I think the EM must have felt everyone's eyes on her, because she turns around.

The PD quietly says in tears,"My son has a wife and kids. Just because he's older doesn't mean he doesn't desvere the life he's been given."

For a minute, EM just looking around at everyone who is staring daggers at her, then she grabbed her daughter and stormed out.

PD's son was later stabilized a couple hours later and sent by ambulance to the main hospital, where the doctor said he was put into the ICU. I don't know what happened to him after that, but I hope he's ok. I felt so bad for PD in this story, but some of the nurses talked to me and said that it's sadly not that uncommon.

TL;DR: EM believes that since her daughter is younger than the man who is being worked on in the trauma room, she her daughter is more important./nThis one's pretty short. I don't have a specific EP story that sticks out, but frequently have encounters with parents of young children who need to be brought down to earth.

So, my daughter is tiny. She was born full term at 2.3 kg (5 lbs), and is coming up on two years-old. She's still in 00 clothes, and can easily get away with looking like she's 10 months or younger, though behaves like a normal two year-old (including the tantrums, unfortunately). 

So when I meet entitled parents, I ask them how old their kid is. "that's wonderful", I say. "daughter is just coming up on 10 months". Then she goes for a walk, uses a couple of sentences correctly, I ask her to identify all her body parts, does a dance to the Wiggles, usual two year old things.

It's such a satisfying feeling when I see the sheer horror in the entitled parents' eyes, as their child sits there contemplating what a banana is.

EDIT: Thanks for the silver and OMG first-ever platinum!! /nI was a volunteer youth group leader and we were driving from New England to Florida. One of my campers was a small girl. She was 10 years old and was about to start HGHormone treatment before the trip. Her mom was an attorney and she was very rough to deal with regarding anything. 

EP: Megan is starting her hormone treatment while you are en route tomorrow. You need to bring a cooler with HGH shots in them and administer them to her three times a day. So yes, you will need a cooler with you for Disney World. She will be tired and have joint pain so she might need a wheelchair. 

Me: I’m sorry this sounds way above my expertise to handle. I have no medical training and if anything goes wrong in the administration of the shots I don’t feel comfortable being liable. Also, Disney in summer is brutal. I can’t imagine carrying around a cooler all day and having it stay cool not to mention where I will store it for the rides and such.

EP- So you’re not willing to accommodate my child’s special needs? 

Me: Yeah, can she begin the treatment in 10 days when we return? I mean, she’s only going to be away for a week and some. 

EP- So what you’re telling me is that you don’t care that Megan has an inactive pituitary gland and you won’t help her to be taller?!?!?! You don’t care about my child?!?! If she turns out to look like a dwarf it’s YOUR FAULT!!!! 

Me: I do care that I not accidentally give Megan a disease from a shot by a volunteer who knows nothing about health practices and that I ruin a very expensive batch of HGH that I’m sure you’ll make me reimburse you for if they go bad because I can’t keep them cold.

You can talk to the head of the regional youth group now and here’s her number. You can tell her I need to be fired from my volunteer position if you like but there’s no one to take over at this late hour. Not having to drive to Florida tomorrow will be a blessing. I hope your daughter will understand why the trip was cancelled! 


—And that is how she waited another ten days to start the shot protocol! She never did get taller, maybe by an inch but she’s okay.  Turns out she was genetically a “Little Person” the whole time but her mother was in denial./nSorry about formatting, on mobile

This story takes place about a year or two ago, but still angers me to think about

Our cast

EP- entitled parent
PC - poor child
AM - Amazing manager

I have a severe peanut allergy, so bad that even a quarter of a peanut could kill me easily. I normally have an epipen on me, but I hadn't been able to buy a new one after I lost the last one (long story) 

I Shop at a local supermarket I'll name ASDA. Its English Walmart. 

In our SADA, there was a salad bar that worked as you expected but without any staff overseeing it. 

I was filling my box when EM and her son walked up. This is where our story begins

'excuse me, can I get to the pasta' a voice besides me asks. I say sure and step back and she partly fills her box before stepping aside. 

I step back to the pasta and take some tikka, which I just realised, and as I take it out I see a peanut sitting in the pasta.

On closer inspection there was also peanuts in between the trays, hidden but visible 

I then heard it. Scattering noises. I look over and see the woman spilling her peanuts over the slald as she reached over to get some food. She was actively contamiating the food. If I hadn't seen I could have easily died. 

'ma'am, I'm sorry but you can't just spill your peanuts into the salad bar' 

She glared at me. 'I'm not. It's spilling by accident, not my fault' 

I stared gobsmacked 'I'm sorry, but accident or not you need to take responsibility for what your doing I could have easily died from the peanuts in the pasta' 

She scoffed 'stop being a pussy just because you don't like nuts' 

'im highly allergic to nuts maam' 

She scoffed, 'bullshit' before THROWING HER HALF EMPTY BAG OF PEANUTS AT ME

I should mention this allergy is very quick, and will affect me on any type of contact with me, so I soon began becoming red around the areas she hit, so bear in mind over the next few quotes my face is swelling

'What the fuck you bitch?' I blurted out as my face began to burn

She was pissed, and began screaming about me being a brat, and disrespectful to my elders. Blah blah blah

I began to choke and fell to the ground, as I saw AM run around the corner before injecting me with the epipen. After a few minutes I was okay and the woman was being held until the police arrived. She was arrested for assault 

She also lost custody of her child. (I know because  I met her husband in the store a few weeks later with PC, and after apoligising for his ex wife's behaviour, he told me what happened) 

Tl;Dr woman doubts my peanut allergy, almost kills me and is arrested and loses her kid

Edit: I think the manager recognised the swelling as anaphlactic shock, so that's why he knew it was an allergic reaction

I know she lost custody a few weeks later I met her husband and kid in the store and he told me

Thanks for the gold kind stranger

/nAlright this is a bit of a short one but I thought I’d share. 

Now, I’ve seen my fair few of entitled parents. I used to work as a camp councillor and you get a LOT of them. But this particular story happened last week on my way home from a job fair. 

Now I have the kind of hearing aids that have Bluetooth so I can connect them to my phone. They’re pretty sweet. 

So, I was sitting on the train coming back from a job fair and was listening to some music through my hearing aids. I had lifted up my phone to change the song when this sweet little boy sitting across from me spoke up. 

Boy: Are those air pods? 

Me: No, these are my hearing aids. They help me hear better. 

Boy: How? 

Me: Do you about Bucky I’m the Captain America movies? *the boy nodded* Well it’s like his arm. He has a robot arm cuz his normal arm didn’t work anymore. I have robot ears cuz my ears don’t work the same anymore. 

The boy just nodded and smiled. Kids understand loads of things when you explain things to them in ways they can understand. 

But unfortunately, this was when his mom started paying attention to the conversation. 

EM: You shouldn’t be showing off a disability like that young lady. Children shouldn’t be exposed to that kind of stuff. 

I just frowned. First of all, I’m not a lady. I’m a dude who just so happens to be small and curvy with a bit of a higher pitched voice. Second of all I can’t help that my hearing aids are visible. That’s not my fault. 

Me: Mame, I can’t help that I need hearing aids. That shouldn’t stop me from going out. Children are going to see all kinds of people as they grow up. You can’t help that. 

EM: I don’t need you disabled people scaring my son. You need to leave. 

Me: Mame, this is a public train. I can be here. And I’m not scaring your son. He had a question and I answered it. Nothing wrong with that. 

After that she just scoffed at me and called me a cripple as she got up to move. I heard her kid ask what a cripple was but I didn’t hear her answer. 

I hate how some people feel the need to pick on people with disabilities. /n(The title is meant to say kid, not sin 😂)
Yes I’m only 15 but I volunteer at a horse riding school. I help with little kids lessons and look after the horses and stuff. We have this one horse who I’ll call DH for dangerous horse. DH is one of our tall horses, around 17hh/6ft. He’s not suitable to be ridden by children and can be dangerous by bolting or throwing people off. Anyway, now we’ve got that sorted let’s get into the actual story. 

EM = Entitled mother SK = stupid kid Me = me DH = dangerous horse RI = riding instructor. 

EM and SK came to the stables on one of our open days we hold in school holidays. Basically kids come along and get to ride a little bit, have a tour of the stables and give the horses treats and stuff like that. SK immediately ran over to DH who was in a place SK wasn’t meant to be. He started shouting that he wanted to ride this one which spooked DH and other horses. I nearly got stood on as I was in the box with DH at the time so I told SK to keep His voice down because it scares the horses. 

SK: I Want to ride this one!

Me: I’m sorry but he can’t be ridden by children he’s very dangerous 

SK: he doesn’t look very dangerous

SK goes to pet DH but The horse panicked and spun around away from SK. 

SK: why doesn’t he want to play. I just want to pet him. 

Me: you have to be respectful of all the horses. If they don’t want to play then they won’t.  He’s scared at the moment. 

SK then lests out a blood curdling scream 
SK: MOOOM

Em then appears round the corner and comes Marching up to SK 

EM: what is going on here SK 

SK: she won’t let me pet the horse

Me: listen he’s very dan-

EM cuts me off

Em: if my son wants to pet the horse I don’t see any problem with it so let him. 

Me: DH doesn’t want to be petted, your son scared him. 

EM: what are you on about my son Is gentle and not scary to a big animal like this. Go pet him SK. 

As SK goes to pet him one last time DH swings his head up, hitting SK on the chin ( not very hard though)

SK and Em leave to go for their riding lesson with SK crying. 

Later on I hear some commotion out front by where the lessons are. I go round to see what’s going on cause well I’m curious. When I get round the corner I see Em and SK having an argument with RI about which horse they want to ride. The kids got to choose from around 5 ponies on which one they wanted to ride.  SK didn’t want a pony and demanded that he rode DH. EM then argued with RI about this for around 5 minutes until picking up her son who was now crying and taking him in my direction. She stormed past me and up to DH’s stable. She tried to open the door but we have these tricky locks things on them so horses can’t open them which meant she couldn’t either. She then demanded at me that I open the door and get DH out for her son to ride. 

EM: why are you standing there! Help me get this stupid animal out of here for my son. 

Me: um you can’t do that he’s not part of the pony rides. 

EM: he is now! Hurry up I haven’t got all day. 

Me: you’re not allowe-

EM: get him out now my son wants to ride him. 

RI appears around the corner with DH’s saddle and bridle. She tells me to tack him up quickly for a ride. SK then got all exited and EM had a smirk on her face assuming she meant him. I tacked DH up and took him out his box. He was 3 times the height of the kid. I knew RI wouldn’t actually let the kid on DH but is was amusing watching the kids excitement. (Is that wrong?)

Em: okay where do you get on?

RI: we usually get on just round the corner but you’re going to get on here. ( she said that looking at me so I knew what to do.) she then handed me my helmet. 

EM: why are you giving that to her my son is the one riding. 

SK: I want to ride the pony. It’s my turn!

RI: you’re too small for DH and he’s dangerous. 

She then helps me get on and i ride into the arena with DH. I was the only one in there at the time but SK followed me whining, being stopped at the gate by RI. Remember when I said DH liked to throw people and bolt? I meant it. 

As soon as we were in the arena DH bolted and started bucking. It looked like a rodeo or something and he did it for a couple minutes. When he had stopped I looked over to em who had the most amusing look of shock in her face. It was brilliant. 

Em: why were you going to put my son on that dangerous animal?! He would have died!

She then grabbed SK and left. It’s safe to say that I don’t think she’ll be bothering us for a while. 

Edit: corrected some errors/nThis post [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ce4s3n/for\_all\_the\_terrible\_parents\_who\_excuse\_their/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ce4s3n/for_all_the_terrible_parents_who_excuse_their/) Made me think of this.

Background: I have worked a decade in Law enforcement as a CCO (Custodial Corrections Officer) in Australia. I worked in high security prisons, what American would refer to as a Max.

For the most part I was on the "coal face", meaning the toughest parts of the prison, where we had to deal with the largest units and worst offenders. I was known as "Red-beard" by the crims (our nickname for the inmates) and I had a reputation for being tough but fair.

In the last few years before I retired we began getting a lot of a new type of prisoner, all young, spoilt kids who had never learned the word "NO". These kids were in prison simply because their parents had let them get away with appalling behaviour as kids and they had never learned better. It might have been cute when they did not get what they wanted as a three year old and threw a tantrum but it is not so cute when they are nineteen and don't get what they want, say sex for example, and act the same way.

It was a constant source of frustration that we had to teach these entitled brats the basic manners that their parents should have instilled at the age of three, so you will understand why this has become something of a personal issue for me.

On to the story.

So I was in the shops a few weeks ago getting the fortnights groceries. There are often parents there with their crotch goblins but the one I encountered this day was in a league of his own.

This kid, guessing 6-8yo, was literally tearing up the place, running down the aisles pulling things off the shelves, ramming into people, trying to take things from peoples carts, throwing things from shelves and screaming his little lungs out at the joy of it all.

His mother did precisely \*nothing\* about this.

Other shoppers complained to her, the staff complained to her. Nothing. She claimed it was "just a phase he is going through like all kids" She did not even try to reign him in, nor clean up the mess he made.

Then he came for my cart...

Now I am a crusty, old and rather cranky ex-screw with PTSD. I also have a rather short temper with stupid people courtesy of my career. The following exchange took place.

Kid runs up, grabs my cart and starts hauling on it. When I pull it away from him he screams at me then tries to climb up into it.

Me: NO!, GET DOWN OFF THE BLOODY CART AND BEHAVE YOURSELF!

The kid starts screaming and name calling. This brings his mother running (funny how she wasn't interested before now).

EP: Don't you dare talk to my child like that! He doesn't know any better!

Me: Yes I can see he damn well doesn't know any better! You need to teach your kid some basic manners.

EP: YOU OBVIOUSLY DON'T HAVE CHILDREN!

Me: Actually I have a son a little older than your own and my child does not behave like an animal in public. And I will tell you this, if you do not teach your child some self restraint then when he hits adulthood he will be heading straight for prison! Lady, you are raising a prisoner!

EP: WHAT? HOW DARE YOU TELL ME HOW TO RAISE MY BOY! WHAT THE HELL WOULD YOU KNOW???

Me: BECAUSE I HAVE WORKED AS A PRISON OFFICER FOR TEN BLOODY YEARS AND I HAVE A PRISON FULL OF ENTITLED LITTLE SHITS LIKE YOUR KID! NOW SHOW SOME FUCKING MATURITY AND DO THE RIGHT THING BY YOUR CHILD YOU STUPID BITCH OR ELSE GET READY TO ONLY SEE HIM DURING VISITING TIME!

Yes, I know, I lost it here. I was indeed very angry. I admit I was probably out of line. Not proud.

Sometime during my tirade the manager had arrived with two staff members who had gone to get him when the kid originally started acting up. The EP was flapping her mouth like a fish out of water, trying to find words and I realized we were standing in a large circle of silent shoppers...

I apologized to the manager for making a scene and asked if he wanted me to leave. He said no but to steer clear of the EP. So I headed off and finished my shopping. From distance I saw the manager apparently have stern words with EP and make her pay for all breakages caused by her child. A very sullen and subdued EP then scuttled out of the store.

It is a small town so I have no doubt I will run into EP again. Sort of looking forward to it.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

edit: The title should read YOU'RE..... sorry. I can't believe I missed that!/nThis happened a couple years back and yet it still haunts me to this day. 

As with any story, there's an EM and her entitled child (about 10 if I had to guess) who so happened to be a huge weeb. My little brother was 9, which would make me around 13. More characters will appear as they become relevant. 

Anyways, it was a crisp December morning. I got out of the car with my little brother and decided to wait with him for the bus, seeing as some of his friends were genuinely cool people. We were discussing Minecraft and how it could possibly have a revival (the kids doubted it but ha they were wrong) when EC spotted my backpack and ran over. I was wearing my new Tokyo Ghoul backpack because my mom was taking me to Starbucks to eat together before I left for school, as I wanted to spend more time with her. 

The conversation is fairly hazy, seeing as it did happen a couple years ago, but I'll do my best to summarize it. 

EC: Hey cool backpack! I love that anime! 

I was slightly confused, because Tokyo Ghoul targeted a more mature demographic and this girl seemed way too young to handle it. 

Me: Uhm...thanks. I just got it in the mail a couple days ago. 

EC: Can I see it? Ooh it's got so many pockets! 

She reached over to unbuckle the front pouch so she could see inside, but I pulled it away from her (it was both a shoulder bag and a backpack). 

Me: Sorry, I don't like people touching my things without permission. 

EC nodded and ran off towards a land whale, presumably her mother. She said a few words to her but I mostly ignored them until I swore I could feel the ground trembling beneath my feet as the EM approached me. 

EM: Why won't you let my sweet pumpkin touch your backpack? She's a huge fan of that show! 

Me: I-I should get going now. 

I started backing away towards the car, but EM grabbed my bag and tried to rip it off my arm, dislocating my shoulder as I later learned. It was pure hell, to say the least. My whole arm was screaming in agony. My brother noticed this and ran at the EM, kicking her in the shin. 

LB: LEAVE MY SISTER ALONE! 

EM proceeded to throw my brother into the road, right as the bus turned the corner and drove towards him. The bus screeched to a halt just a few inches from where my brother was lying dazed on the pavement. I was still in immense pain, screaming for help as the bus driver noticed the commotion and ran over. My mom, who had watched the fight, leaped out of the car with her sheathed machete (yes she keeps it in there just in case), and charges at the land whale screeching a battle cry. 

Bus driver: What in the blazes happened over here?! Why is there a child in the middle of the road. 

EM: Well you see this brat stole my daughter's backpack and-

She was cut off by my mom side tackling her and pinning all of her blubber to the pavement. 

My mom: YOU B@#$&! YOU ATTACKED MY DAUGHTER AND NEARLY KILLED MY SON! WHAT THE F@#$ IS WRONG WITH YOU?! IF I SEE YOU NEAR MY CHILDREN AGAIN I'LL MAKE SURE YOU'RE NEVER SEEN AGAIN! 

EM: HELP! THIS PSYCHOTIC B@#$& IS ASSAULTING ME FOR TRYING TO GET MY DAUGHTER'S BACKPACK! 

EC proceeded to rip the bag off my arm, further dislocating my shoulder, and ran towards the bus. She didn't make it far before the bus driver grabbed her by the arm and twisted it so she dropped the bag. 

EC: MOMMY THIS MEAN OLD MAN WON'T LET ME HAVE THE BACKPACK! 

A few minutes later, the cops and an ambulance pulled up. My mother was taken in for questioning but only stayed in prison for a couple days before being released. The EM was charged with assault and attempted murder and is currently serving a 10 year sentence in prison (she has 8 to go woohoo). EC was sent to live with her dad and my brother always said that whenever she saw him at their bus stop, she'd always give him a death glare and blamed him for her mom being arrested. As for me, I spent a few days in the hospital next to my brother, who apparently had received a minor concussion when his head hit the pavement. 

Basically, my brother nearly died because I was wearing a Tokyo Ghoul backpack. I stopped wearing it to school after that incident, after all you can never be too safe.

Edit: OMG wow thank you so much for a golden award! Also, I'm sorry if this seemed unbelievable to some I'll try to clarify things better next time. This was my first entitled parents story on this subreddit and I tried my best to make it as accurate as possible. I'll take it down if you think it's fake because despite all the karma and the golden award I don't want to seem like a karma whore. That's not the reputation I want to have.

Edit 2: Thank you so much for the platinum award, even though I'm probably the least deserving of this award. I've read so many other good stories on this subreddit and this gets awarded? Whatever the case, thanks again! Have some cookies! ( っ'-')╮ =͟͟͞͞🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪🍪/nSo for a little background, I'm 19 and I live on my own. I've been attending University since I was 17, and I have paid my own tuition and rent for the first two years of university.  My mother (EM in this story yikes) and I are on okay terms now, but we've had a rocky relationship. I went back and forth on posting this story but heck, she's a parent and she was entitled.

&#x200B;

So, living in another province than the one my family lives in, I only see them a couple times a year. I usually buy my own plane tickets to visit home, or I split the cost with my dad (my parents aren't together and he's happily remarried).

During one of my visits, in my first year of university, I was eating supper with my mother. My brother was with us, and we were talking about the first year of university - I had failed quite a few classes (I'm doing a lot better now) because I'm in a difficult degree, and I was learning how to balance studying and living. Keep in mind - my mother has not paid for tuition, rent, or plane tickets to visit. Our conversation went as follows:

Me: So me and the other engineers -

EM: You're not an engineer.

Me: ... right, but at university we usually refer to students by the faculty, since it's quicker and it's usually clear given the context.

EM: Maybe if you hadn't failed so many classes I'd be okay with that. You can't become an engineer if you keep wasting time and money. 

&#x200B;

Now, I know - that's not that bad. But my mother is incredibly passive aggressive, and she talks down to me *all the time.* She prays to try and 'fix me', she gets mad about my HEALTH issues, and micromanages all the time. So, no. I spent 17 years too afraid to deal with her, so I'm gucci y'all.

&#x200B;

Me: Should I go?

EM, clearly confused: What?

Me: I pay for my own school, I pay for my own rent, and when I fail, it's *my* money that's wasted. I paid for the flight to come visit. I take the time to come visit you because I love you, but you don't get to comment on how I'm living my life. If you're going to be rude, I'm not going to visit.

&#x200B;

The rest of the supper went on fairly normally, with only a few snide comments. Honestly, it's not the most interesting Entitled Parent story, but it was the first time I didn't let my mother bully me and I'm pretty pumped about it.

TLDR; my mother seems to think that failing classes that *I* paid for is an affront against her, so I tell her I might as well save the money that *I* spend on plane tickets to come visit.

EDIT: for clarification; while my mother probably just wants my brother and I to be happy, she has a history of verbal/emotional abuse towards us. She probably thinks she's being helpful, but she's withheld medical diagnoses, thrown tantrums, and I considered for years cutting her out entirely./n(So I've seen a lot of these EP stories and decided I should start posting my own experiences. Just so you know, I'm on mobile so bulky me all ya want)

Character Selection Screen 

Me- Doug Dimmadome, owner of the Dimmsdale Dimmadome 
EP- Enormous Pterodactal
K1/K2- Kid One and Two 
Dad- My dad, obviously 

Now for some Backstory: My family had been invited to one of my dad's friends wedding seeing as they were close, it just so happens that this wedding took place in Cyprus (wonderful place, been there twice, both for weddings and I love it). We book into the hotel and all goes well for a few days, but I was the only kid on the trip (I don't remember how old, I think 8???)

 Then comes the day of the wedding, now since I was a kid, i didn't have to do anything to set up and my stuff was all ready for me to change into, so I decide to go to the pool. I swim for a bit when Kid 1 and Kid 2 appear, holding a ball and speaking to me in French, which I don't know so I'm muy muy confused. The kid throws me the ball and I throw it back, so that's how they told me they wanted go play catch (Communication: 100)

We play for a bit but I then have to leave to go get ready, so I toss the ball back and say my goodbye before heading to my room. 

Wedding happens, it's amazing and we eat (we're Indian but it was an English wedding. All the food was Indian but since my dad's friend knew I didn't like Indian food, he had me a burger and fries made, so I'm happy). After eating I go outside, which was by the pool, this is where the fun begins.

I see Kid One and Two standing by a women, whom I learn to be EP. She motions me over and immediately starts screaming at me in a mixture of English and French, making me tear up a bit and muttering something along the lines of "I don't understand..." But I do catch one word a few times "Racist!". Now I had no idea what she was on about but she was making a huge scene with a lot of people from the wedding looking over at us.

Someone must of gotten my dad because he came up behind me and the women force, seeing as my dad is quite big and strong. I don't remember completely but the conversation kind of went as follows:

Dad: "What are you doing to my son?"

Ep: "Your son is a racist basterd!" She's screaming this loud so everyone can hear at this point

Dad: "How the fuck can an (whatever age I was) be racist?" He hushed the swear, but I could hear it

EP: "he insulted my kids had stole their ball, I was watching!" Meanwhile her kids looked very embarrassed and were shaking their heads

Dad: " Is this true OP?" 

I explain that we played catch in the pool for a bit but we couldn't understand eachother, but we had a nice time 

EP: "Your bastard son is a liar!" 

At this point my dad was pretty pissed, he later explained to me he nearly hit her, but didn't out of morals

Dad: "if you call my son a bastard one more time you won't have a mouth to say it again" he was a threatening guy, but I knew he wouldn't do anything 

The EP threw the ball at my face and dragged her kids away, thus ending the conflict with a teary 8? Year old and a wedding full of people being very confused. I got extra ice cream so I was happy in the end. I didn't see the kids after.


Not the best EP story, but boy do I got more


TL;DR- I play catch with some kids, their mom gets angry for no reason and shouted at me at a wedding/nSo I have a corn snake, she's tiny, like half an inch diameter on the biggest part of her body. Her name is Corn flake. I also go to a charter school that does project based learning, so if our teacher gives us a project and we have another idea that accomplishes the same criteria, we can usually do it if we ask. So in my science class we did a unit on evolution, and I wanted to make a presentation on snakes and how they evolved into what they are today. I also asked to bring my snake in for the presentation, and got permission, after my teacher and I cleared it with the class to make sure no one was like deathly afraid of snakes. So the day of the presentation comes and I'm up there talking and this girl (EG) ignores the sign on the door that says 'presentations in progress do not disturb' and walks in and starts talking loudly to the teacher. Teacher explained that she had to leave, and the girl scoffed and rolled her eyes, but went to leave. She sees me and the snake.

EG: I don't like snakes.

Me: ok..?

EG: You're not allowed to have that here, it's gross

Me: I got permission

Teacher: EG go to class

EG: But it's a snake! It should be dead, not in a school!

Me, backing away because I literally had someone try to kill Corn flake before: Well then go away and you won't have to look at her

EG: Hey! Teacher OP is being rude!

Teacher: Go to class EG

EG scowled and stormed out of the room, everybody just sort of rolled their eyes and I finished my presentation. I figured that would be the end of it but when I went to get Cornflake at the end of the day (I had to leave her in the office during all my other classes) the girl and her mom (EM) were already in there. The girl was literally sobbing, saying I traumatized her and threatened to have my snake eat her and chased her with it, and EM was screaming about how I should be expelled for bringing a snake anywhere near the school. The office ladies were trying to calm the two down, and asked if what the girl was saying was true, obviously I said no, so they called the teacher to confirm what happened. Teacher explained, girl said he was lying, I was allowed to go home. Later my advisor (he tells us things he's not supposed to lmao, he's really cool) told me that the mom had tried to get me expelled and the teacher fired, and she was planning to sue us for 'Emotional damages' but I never heard anything from my parents about that, so I guess she didn't go through with it.

&#x200B;

Edit: Snake tax! [https://imgur.com/7MangNx](https://imgur.com/7MangNx)

Edit 2: I'm really glad you enjoyed this! I'll try to respond to everyone's comments in the morning but for now I have to go to sleep cuz it's 4:30am lmao

Edit 3: So a lot of people are asking about the time someone tried to kill Cornflake, basically I had just done a presentation with her at an elementary school so I had her on my wrist and stopped for icecream, a lady at the outdoor icecream place started yelling at me that I couldn't have a snake there and she was gonna hurt somebody (lol) and when I refused to leave she lunged at me, yelling about how she was going to kill me AND cornflake. Luckily my older brother was there and he restrained her till the police showed up, both me and Cornflake were fine but I'm a bit more cautious now. 

Also, for those of you asking for more pictures of Cornflake- I don't have any more on my computer but I have several on my instagram @codys.zoo along with my other pets. /nThere is such a thing as a [Meat Allergy](https://acaai.org/allergies/types/food-allergies/types-food-allergy/meat-allergy). 

&#x200B;

One of the girls i knew in High School, we'll call her Amy, had such an allergy. She cannot eat meat of any kind, without getting seriously ill. Her parents had found this out shortly after her adoption, when they made her hamburgers to eat. To this very day, they still felt so guilty over making her eat it, and her getting so sick, but they had learned their lesson. So Amy is a Vegan, and not by choice.  


Still, She had an Aunt (EA) and an uncle (EU), who would try to make her eat meat whenever there was a family function. She, and her parents, would argue with them every damn time about how she is unable to eat any kind of meat, and they would scoff.  


Well, When Amy graduated, she had a nice dinner planned for herself and her friends. She cooked the vegan meals herself, but made sure that there were meat options for her friends and family if they didn't want the vegan meals.   


I wasn't there, but Phil, being a mutual friend, was. He told me what happened at this party.  


Amy's EA and EU showed up, and immediately tried to get Amy to eat some of the meaty dish that they brought, along with steak that was cooked. Amy, of course, refused.  


Phil overheard them speaking.  


Amy: How many times Do I have to say it before it sticks in your head? I HAVE A MEAT ALLERGY! I CAN'T eat meat!  


EA: There is no such thing as a Meat Allergy, now eat this steak!

&#x200B;

(Phil kind of cracked me up, because he made a voice that sounded like the Wicked Witch of the West with a cold when he told me this.)  


EU: Sit down, Eat, or we won't give you our present!   


Amy just walked away from them, and went to some friends. Phil remembered seeing them skulking around the tables with the food, but he didn't see what they did. Apparently, they took some of the salad that was made, and hid some chunks of meat in there, and covered it with the ranch dressing.   


Yup, you can guess what happened when it was timed to eat. 

&#x200B;

Thankfully, Amy only got the mild effects of the allergy. she did break out in hives, got stomach cramps and threw up. Her parents still took her to the hospital to make sure it wasn't going to get any worse. The EA and EU got into some serious trouble for making their niece sick, and were banned from any family gatherings once the word got out. They wormed their way back into the family's favor, somehow, but they were no longer allowed to bring ANY dishes to the parties, and not allowed at the food tables until everyone else got a plate first.   


Wanna know the stupid part? Despite witnessing Amy's reaction, despite the internet showing them that the allergy exists, DESPITE THE FACT SEVERAL DOCTORS TOLD THEM IT WAS REAL, The EA and EU STILL believe that Meat Allergy doesn't exist./nA little backstory I’m on a trip with my twin sis and I’ve seen a lot of EM’s on my trip but this one is a crazy b*tch. 

Cast: EM - Entitled mom, Me, TS- Twin sis, IK - Innocent kid


So me and my sister decided to get Starbucks before we boarded our plane. We got there and there was only one women, EM, and her kid there (he’s not entitled at all, he was actually polite) She orders and gets a sweet peach green tea for herself and her child.
We order and get caramel macchiatos. We sit down and drink but after IK takes a sip he tells his mom it’s a little too sweet.


This is where it starts, he goes to the counter and says, “ma’am sorry but this a little too sweet can I have one with less sugar or syrup?” He says this in a sweet polite tone but the cashier says they’re unable to do that and he could get another one. He looks a little sad then his face lights up and he says can I have a cup filled halfway with water. He gets it and pours half his drink into it. He sips it and he looks happy so I think hmmm that was clever of him. But is mom on the other hand looks MAD. She goes up to the counter and says why won’t you give another drink!? We are PAYING customers and you should give us another drink. The cashier says sorry ma’am you can buy another drink but we are unable to give you a free one. This lady yells then proceeds to slap the cashier and walk away. I was shocked at that. There was a security guard near by and another employee alerted him and the lady saw him and took off running leaving her kid who was looking quite embarrassed.


The guard tackled her and tells her to put her hands behind her back. The kid walks over looking sad. They take her away and that’s the last I saw of her and then me and my sis boarded our flight./nhttps://i.imgur.com/2Y96aMO.jpg


So I got my hair done about a week ago. It looks amazing if I do say so myself. I also just got a new job at wacdonalds, so I see a lot of people. Majority are nice. However there are a few bad apples. 

I was busy taking orders and stuff cuz that's what I'm paid to do, I'm behind the counter. When this lady comes up to me. I just took her order not to long ago, a medium #9 meal and a 6pice nugget kids meal. So yeah, she had a kid who was in play land at the time. 

I've been told by some of my good friends that I've know for years that I low key look like an elf or a fairy now, which is pretty cool. 

Anyway, so I'm just doing my job, when this woman comes up to me. Let's just call her Karen.

Karen: hi there

Me: hello ma'am, is there anything I can get for you?
(Most of the time when people come up to the counter they just want some extra sauce or something like that)

Karen: oh no, it's just that my daughter really likes the color of the wig you have on. She really wants to dress like a fairy, and absolutely loves the color and style of it. Can she have it?

Me: um, sorry ma'am, this isn't a wig. I just got my hair done at the salon over at the Walmart across the street. 

Karen: no that's a wig, nobody dyes their hair that color. Now give it to me.

At this point she had the attention of everyone who was at the front. She leans over the counter and tries to grab my hair. I jumped back to get out of her reach. That made her mad. That's when my favorite manager came over. She's my favorite cuz she likes anime and stuff like I do.

FM: is there a probable ma'am?

Karen: yes, your employee stole my daughters costume wig and is refusing to return it. I want her fired!!

Me: (to FM) I'm gonna run back and get some stuff to stock.

FM: ma'am, that's not a wig, that's her hair. And we (motioning to the rest of my coworkers) all saw you try to pull her hair. I'm going to have to ask you to leave.

I didn't really go stock btw. That was already done. I just wanted to get out of that situation. I was standing off to the side. The customers couldn't see me tho. 

She starts going ballistic on FM. Saying how that's not possible, people don't dye their hair crazy colors anymore, blah blah blah. Eventually FM gets the store phone and threatens to call the police for attempted assault. And for causing a disturbance. So she goes and gets her kid and leaves. And I die laughing cuz how can you be that stupid? 



Edit: if you want to see more pictures of my hair, some of you guys can't tell the color, let me know

And thanks for the Gold!/nEM: entitled mom EK: entitled kid M: me

Ok so this story happened a very recently so a am still very mad. It all happened last week when I got my new computer. I was very happy about it because the last one was completely trash. I couldn't wait to show my friends so I invited 3 of them over. My mom wasn't happy since her colleague were coming over to or house on that day (her colleague is the EM and her son is the EK). When they arrived me and my friends were already discussing about my new pc. I decided that I would show them the components so I opened the computer. Next, the EK showed his hands into it and almost dislocated the graphics card. I was angry. I told him that if he breaks it he would have to by a new one. He just smiled and left. My mom realised that something happened so she sent us outside. We played basketball for a while and than decided to go back home. (Our flat has two levels and my room is on the second one... thats gonna be important) when we got back home we decided that we wil play some games. We entered my room just to see my computer completely destroyed and EK next to it. I got down and told his mom and this is what she sad
EM: so?
M: how do you mean so he broke it
EM: because you wouldn't let him play before u left
M: but thats not an excuse
EM: well if you let him play then he wouldn't have tried to get it working himself
M: but it cost me 2500$
EM: so what if it cost you 2500$, not my problem
Meanwhile my mom was getting dressed up stairs  in her room( turn out they were about to go somewhere and let us babysit the EK) so she couldn't hear us. When she heard what happened and what the EM said she was shocked. EM got away without paying a single bill because we had insurance. Later I found out where she lives so me and my friends threw eggs at her house.

-Revenge is a dish best served cold-/nHello everyone, as with most posts, here are the obligatory warnings:

first time poster, english is not my native language (you can point out mistakes or mildly roast me, though. I'm always happy to improve), **LOOONG** text - tl,dr at the bottom, NOT on mobile (so feel free to point out formatting mistakes).

&#x200B;

Short Background:

This happened like 3 years ago, so i don't remember every detail to 100% and this whole story won't have much of actual conversation in it. It just sums everything up. The story happened on a train ride from my hometown (where my family lives) to the city of my own place (where i work), halfway across the country (roughly 350km/220mi) on a sunday evening, since i was visiting my family over the weekend. And since it had a rather bad connection, i had to switch trains 3 times on every trip and each trip took about 5 hours in total. My foot was injured/hurt (important later), I don't know why anymore, though. And I was in training at work, therefore I didn't earn that much (also important later).

&#x200B;

Now to the details:

It was starting to get winter and as you would expect, the national train company was taken by it by surprise (as always **\*sigh\***). So, many trains were late or completely cancelled. I started my travel at 6pm to theoretically arrive at roughly 11pm at my desired arrival station. Then, winter struck and my first train got 10 min late (on a 15 minute ride...). This caused me to rush to the next train in pain, because of my foot. As luck will have it, the connecting train either already left or never even came. So i had to wait an hour for the next one. This one also arived at the next stop with a delay of 45 minutes, so i arrived there at about 9:45pm. the last train to my destination was leaving at roughly 8:30pm for that day (there was another at 10:30pm, but i only would've arrived the next morning at roughly 6am). Since this was a very big train station in a big city and the fact that the train company was forced to give me compensation for their failure to transport me, I stayed there instead of ending up in some small village station, where I wouldn't be guaranteed to get a hotel or even get away from the train station (since I didn't have much money on me to pay a taxi and the fact that those small stations usually don't have any personnel or ATMs). So I headed to the information counter, where the story unfolded:

&#x200B;

Cast: Me = he-who's-name-shall-not-be-told ; ED = entitled Dad ; TA = Train station Assistant (+ many more, which won't get abbreviations)

&#x200B;

Let's go:

So, I come up to the desk and tell the lady my story and my demands per their company's policy/the law - them paying the night in their contracted hotel near the train station and changing my ticket from tied to certain trains to open, so that I could get to my destination without having to purchase a new ticket, pretty standard.

While I was speaking with TA, ED and his two kids came up behind me (the kids didn't do anything, though). And even though there are clear signs and posters all around the info desks that tell people to exercise discretion and wait behind an indicated line, ED comes up crouching right besides me. It annoyed me, but I figured that I had a bad match-up against him with my foot, if I confronted him. But then he started to slowly scurry towards me and slowly push me out of his way with his body weight and small steps. At that point I had enough and pushed him away and the following discussion ensued:

Me = Dude, what is wrong with you?! can't you read? The sign clearly states that you should stay back there! And pushing me away, while I'm still talking is an asshole move!

ED = Shut up, I have two small kids and you were taking way too long anyway! They are tired and we need to get a hotel room soon. You're young, you can walk to another hotel!

Me = No, YOU shut up! I have exactly the same right to that hotel room as you and I was here first, so get back in line and learn to behave like a normal adult!

TA = Sir, please step behind the line and stop bothering the passenger, we weren't finished yet.

ED = SHUT UP! I said, we need a room fast! \*to me\* and now get out of the way!

Me = Fuck off, asshole!

\*he kicks my legs away, causing me to fall hard on the granite floor with my elbow and now completely twisting my injured foot\*

TA = SECURITY! (please be reminded that one security guy, another TA and two other passengers were standing RIGHT NEXT TO US on the second counter during the whole situation and saw everything **\*facepalm\***)

&#x200B;

Well, the security guy grabs and fixes ED on the ground. EDs kids are crying and scared (as to be expected), the two TAs tried to console them and called police and the other passengers helped me, as I was in severe pain and called an ambulance. The police took statements and identification from everyone and let everyone go (since they had no reason to arrest him immediately). Then, the whole afterstory hit him full force.

I had to stay the night and next full day and night in hospital for checks and was then let go on crutches. My ankle was sprained, but my elbow was fine (I only hit the "funny bone"). Since I still couldn't walk well enough/was in too much pain to take the train, I had to call a taxi to drive me the 200km/125mi to my own place (in hindsight, it would've been better to get back to my family, but well... you're always smarter afterwards) - my parents quickly send me money for it via paypal, after they heard the story and my plans.

So, I didn't have to go to work for a month (since that job required me to stand and walk all day) and had time to get a lawyer (my parents lent me the money for it, since I could've never afforded the lawyer) and sue the guy in civil court. I didn't try criminal court, since it wouldn't have brought any personal gain for me.

In the end, the judge granted me a damage-pay of roughly 400€ for the pain and another half of my monthly pay for financial loss and because the guy behaved like a dickhead in court (insulting me and the judge, lying, screaming etc.). And of course ED had to pay his and my lawyer costs and the court costs (as it is standard).The thing is: I didn't even have a high financial loss, since my employer still had to pay my salary, while I couldn't work. I just had to order enough food for the next weeks, since I couldn't go grocery shopping that well.

&#x200B;

ED felt like this was unfair and appealed: Well, let's just say the next judge upped the damage-pay by roughly 100€, because ED still behaved like a dickhead. He didn't try a next round:D

&#x200B;

So, to sum it up, he most likely lost 4 lawsuits (2 against me, 1 against my health insurance, 1 against my employer) had to pay damage pay (~500€), roughly half my salary for financial loss (~500€), my taxi bill for the ride home (special long distance taxi, so more expensive + the drivers ride back into the original city/his operation zone = ~850€), my lawyer costs (~3000€), court costs (~also easily a few hundred €), his own lawyer (most likely not cheaper than mine), probably all my hospital bills, the crutches, painkillers, etc. , my actual salary and all the lawyer and court costs for those lawsuits. I said probably for the medical and salary payments, because I don't know if they sued or if everything was paid by his insurances (which is highly likely) and that just his premium had gotten higher.

So yeah, I alone got roughly 5000€ from him, plus all the rest that he/his insurance had to pay.

&#x200B;

phew... YOU MADE IT through this novel! Congratulations and sincere apologies from me for this long wall of text!

&#x200B;

tl,dr: ED tries to push me away from an info desk. injures me and has to pay for damages, financial loss, medical bills, lawyer and court costs, long-distance taxi etc.

&#x200B;

Edit 1: Changed some small details for clarification or spelling

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Add to the backstory: The train company pays as compensation: 25% of the ticket price, if you arrive >1 hour late at your destination and 50%, if you're >2 hours late. Other than that they either have to get you a hotel room in one of their contracted hotels for free or pay you the taxi/hotel up to a certain amount, if you get them yourself. It's very complicated, since some rules negate each other or make exceptions etc. And applying for the ticket refund is a hell. Without an online ticket and the app that tracks every tiny detail, it would be impossible to fill out the form to apply for the detail.

&#x200B;

Edit 3: THANK YOU for the Silver and Gold Awards! I didn't expect the amount of  love that this post would get!

&#x200B;

Edit 4: sorry for the formatting issues on mobile. On PC the format looks fine, on mobile it doesn't. There is nothing i can do about it, though./nOk, let me tell you what happened on my first ever shiFt working at the theater. I think it was the first day or it was the 2nd. One of the two. I just know i was brand new.

&#x200B;

Players are me, Co-worker (CW), Random Customer (RC), Fuck you lady I'm not your butler (Karen), Manager (Boss man)

&#x200B;

I'm working Concession and I'm the runner. The runner is the person who grabs the food and drinks while the person on til takes the order and money. So we get this big order. Popcorn, nachos, drinks, and whatever else.

&#x200B;

Cw - it will be this much.

RC -Cool can i have a box to put this in?

Cw - sure.

&#x200B;

I grab a flat box and assemble it so he can put his stuff in. But he can't put everything on there.

&#x200B;

CW - do you need help sir?

RC - yes i do.

CW - Humanoidfreak, can you help him with his stuff. We are not that busy anyways.

&#x200B;

I grab the rest of the stuff and help RC go into his theater. We walk inside and he is 2nd row. He grabs the stuff from and me and thanks me. I'm about to leave until Karen stops ME.

&#x200B;

Karen - excuse me young man.

Me - yes, can i help you?

Karen - Can you get me a refill of coke please? (this was when you were allowed refills on large drinks).

Me - sure.

&#x200B;

I grab the large cup and i go back to concession. Refill it with Coke and i go back to give it to her.

&#x200B;

Karen - Thank you. Also i need something else. Can you grab me some nachos and another large popcorn. Here is 40. I want my change back i know what it costs.

&#x200B;

I take the money and go back to concession. Silly me, i think I'm supposed to be doing this stuff because we want to please the customer.

&#x200B;

I go over to one of the cw and wait in line. There is only one person in front of me. The cw i was running for see's this and says

&#x200B;

CW - what the hell are you doing? Come back here and help me.

Me - i can't a customer wants this and that. I have her money to buy it.

CW - the frick???

&#x200B;

So i get the stuff and i go back to give it to her. Was she done? Naw son? she wanted more.

&#x200B;

Karen - my kid would like another refill of coke. 

&#x200B;

Thank fuck the movie hasn't started yet. 

&#x200B;

So i go back to concession. The manager is there just steaming.

&#x200B;

Boss man - So cw says you are getting food for a customer with their money? Why?

 

I explain to him what happened.

&#x200B;

He quickly stops being mad and starts laughing a bit.

&#x200B;

Boss man- yeah no, we don't do that. They have to do that themselves. Just get back to running.

&#x200B;

I start running again and one hour passes by. I hear a horrid scream  come out of nowhere.

&#x200B;

karen - WHERE THE FUCK IS MY BABY'S DRINK YOU ASSHOLE!!! I'VE BEEN WAITING AN HOUR.

me - i have to stay in concession madam. i was told that was not my job.

karen - YOU DO WHAT THE FUCK I SAY YOU HERE!!! YOU ARE MY BUTLER!!! WHERE THE FUCK IS THE LARGE CUP.

me - i threw it away.

&#x200B;

Karen does not like this and loses her shit.

&#x200B;

Karen - you god damn fuck. you own me a large DRINK. GET ME ONE NOW OR YOU'RE FIRED. I KNOW THE MANAGER HERE!!!

&#x200B;

boss man walks by because somebody radioed him.

&#x200B;

boss man - excuse me can i help you?

karen - who are you? Where' billy?

Boss man - who's billy?

karen - the manager.

boss man - well i'm the manager. and there is no manager named billy.

karen - STOP LYING. I KNOW HIM. HE IS THE HEAD MANAGER OF THIS PLACE. I WANT THIS FUCKER FIRED FOR NOT GETTING MY DRINK. THE NERVE OF HIM!!

Boss man - first off, the head GM is named Jeff. (it was not. he just made some name up)

karen -WHATEVER. I WANT YOU TO FIRE THIS DEGENERATE!

Boss man - are you the one who made him get stuff for you?

karen - YES!! HE IS MY SERVANT. YOU ARE ALL MY SERVANTS. YOU ALL DO WHAT I WANT.

boss man - come with me madam.

&#x200B;

Karen and boss man walk off to somewhere

&#x200B;

no idea what happened next. But i kept running.

&#x200B;

End of the shift ends and i ask the boss man what happened to karen.

&#x200B;

Turns out he went back into the theater with karen. Kicked her and her kids out and got security to take out the back door. Also got banned. 

&#x200B;

Nice!!!/nTL;DR at the bottom. 

The same BS, people! The difference is that English is my first language bc my mom was a in-flight slave, as King Julian might say, and she taught me English with Disney movies and a lot of talking. But still, I'm on mobile. And she didn't taught me how to properly right English, so I'm writing as the Brazilian schools could.

LET ME JUST MAKE A LITTLE CONTEXT

In November, 2014, my family of 5 woman had a great lost. My granpa died of cancer. The cancer spread to his stomach, his lungs, a little bit of his brain and his spine. What a SHITTY way to go, right??! He was the solid base of my family, he handled everything that his wife, his two daughters and his two granddaughters needed every single day of this live. 

Now, in December, 2018, we lost my granny. She had Alzheimer's way before my granpa died but it got so much worse after he died that we actually thought she died with him. 

The first death made my mom go full over protectionism with my granny, obviously, this little woman was her mother, its normal.

But when she died, after 4 long years (when I say it was long, it felt like 20 years for me, because I was the one taking care of her, not her daughters, but me.), my mom, this little sprout of a EM, went BAD SHIT CRAZY.

Well, now I'm gonna tell this story.

My mom had a dream about this tiny little house. Her mom was there (my granny) and her sister too (my aunt) and the house was full of kids. All white kids, boys and girls with white clothing. And there was this black little baby boy with colorful clothes. My granny put the baby outside to get some sun and the children went to play, but it started to rain so badly that everybody got inside, but then my mom realized: "Where's the baby?"
She got out of the house and saved the baby from the rain. 

When she woke up, she visited both a mother of saint (candomble priestess) and a card reader, and told them about her dream. BOTH told her that she was foreseeing that her father, my grandfather, would be reborn in a soon to happen pregnancy, and that that pregnancy wouldnt be planned or wanted by the parents, and that they would harm the baby (aka abortion). She immediately yelled at me, saying that I was about to get pregnant, that I should take care so as to not get pregnant, and that she WOULD legally take the child from me if I somehow got pregnant, and that she would not allow me to even think about abortion in any situation because my grampa's rebirth is more important than my health or happiness.

I forgot to tell something. I am a 26 years old woman, I have no job and my life stoped for 3 years bc I was the one taking care of my granny. I'm trying to find a job since she died but it's HARD. My boyfriend is trying to help me, but it's still hard. 

A couple of days ago, we went to visit some relatives and one of my older cousins had a baby, she now has 4 months old and my mom wouldn't let go of her. While she hold her, my mom wouldn't stop begging me for a baby.

Mom: You could have a baby now, you know? You're 26, you'll be too old soon.

Me: Not my dream to be a mom, sorry. 

Mom: But I wanna a baby to take care of! And it's my dad coming!

Me: No it's not. That fortune teller was lying to you.

Mom: But you could just get pregnant and I'll take care of the baby! 

Me: I don't have a job, mom. Plus, my boyfriend is really not interested in being a dad now. 

Mom: How could you do this to your grampa?? He's gonna be so mad at you!

Me: He would waaaaay more pissed at me for having a baby with no job to support the baby.

The trip back home was something unique. She talked for 5 hours straight about how his would be important for me because I need to grow up and how this would taught me how to be a responsible adult, but she wants to take care of the baby. Just her. I wouldn't be able to say nothing about it's education, nothing. 

Nothing extraordinary here, I just needed to vent now. She's not a bad mom, she's just... entitled. You know? "I'M THE MOM, YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO ME!!" "YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE BY MY SIDE!!" "Why are you listening to him/her? I AM YOUR MOTHER!!" 
She's not a bad mom. She's the kind of mom that would starve herself so I can eat. She would freeze to death so I can have a jacket, my mom went through hell to stay with me, bc the LAME EXCUSE OF A FATHER that I have used me as a tool to keep my mom with him. (He's a POS)

I love her and I know what she's bem through, but some of her actions are just... unreal. Like this one. 

Okay, this took too long, I'm sorry for this. 

TL;DR: Mom dreams about baby, believes im pregnant with her reborn dad (my grandfather) and wants it for herself./nSo I was recently reminded of this today though it happened over a year ago. I was playing with my cat, Oreo, and playing with him reminded me of the place I got him at, the local humane society shelter. I volunteer there with my mom from time to time and you can imagine some of the EPs I come across, well actually only one.

That being said, I adopted my cat there a long time ago but I do remember the interview process everyone had to go through to adopt a pet. Fill at questions, sign wavers, than an interview. 

I didn't volunteer in that part of the building but it was in an open space by the front door. My mom and I work in the cat section and have shirts indicating that we volunteer there. Now, onto the cast:
M - my mom

EM - entitled mom

EK - kid who didn't say anything but seemed entitled too holding his chin up the whole time and complaining 

Me - Someone who kind of stood there the whole time 

Okay so we were just working general shifts, cleaning, refilling food bowls, etc. 

There was only about 30 minutes left in our shift and we were cleaning the room of cats who weren't ready to go home with anyone (mostly if they lived outside for a while or don't do well with people or other pets). Our shift was around closing time on a week day so there was practically no one there, especially not in the room we were in because while it was free to access to the public, it was kind of hidden away so the people who work there can train the cats in a more calm environment.

So I was in the back filling bowls and my mom was  close to the door sweeping. This boy and his mom walk in. I only heard bits and pieces and nothing too problematic seemed to be happening but I saw the lady walk out of the room woth a grade A bitch face but with a fake smile on top. My mom came over and told me what was up once she left. The conversation went as follows, roughly.

EM walks up to my mom and taps her on the shoulder

M: Hi, how can I help you?

EM: Yes, we were wondering if there were any declawed cats here? We keep trying to find some but there seem to be none. 

Let me clear something up real quick. Declawing cats is abuse in my opinion. They can't live their life the same again and can't defend themselves. They can't climb either and if anyone ever gets tired of a cat and decides to just throw them out, they won't survive. Declawing cats are ban at this shelter, unless if they came that way from a past owner or have a medical reason. It is one of the questions asked in the interview because they ban you from getting a pet if you even drop a hint about declawing them. It's only purpose is to keep cats from clawing furniture and scratched up furniture is a small price to pay for a happy and healthy cat.

M: in sorry, but declawing cats is a risk to their safety

Ek starts getting bored and kind of whiney.

Em: But we don't want then clawing our furniture.

M: Either way it is not safe for the cat and it is strongly recommended to not do that

EM leaves and I continue. After telling me this I have a few questions of my own.

Me: What if they get a cat and just lie during the interview process?

M: that's why I didn't tell them it is banned here

Anyway, our shift is up and on our way out, I see the EM and the EK at the interview desk. EK is throwing a tantrum and the mom is yelling at the lady working there. Their request to adopt was denied. Never saw them again.

Edit: lots of typos/nI went to a normal elementary school, but, like many, there was a gifted program. Basically, one day out of the week, all the gifted kids in a grade would head down to a classroom right by the PE field and do more advanced math, science, history, etc. My gifted program also had a theme every year that would be the main focus of learning. One year it was the Mayan Rainforest, the next year it was China, then Art, then Ancient Egypt, then Australia, etc.


So, let's talk about the entitled brat. I'm going to call her Celia. Celia was a mousy looking girl whose nose literally stuck up. No joke, it curled slightly upward, and she constantly held her head up high. Celia was an art kid, and she always drew beautiful works of art. Okay, so what's so bad about that? She also was always getting straight A's, (she had never ONCE gotten anything below a B. You think I'm exaggerating? I'm not.) she constantly won every event in the school, to the point where barely anybody would enter into school events because they knew she would win.


So, of course, Celia was in the gifted program. I did my best to avoid her, and she even had two idiot goons who followed her around everywhere. Both of the goons had the same name, so I just call them Natasha 1 and Natasha 2. Both of the Natasha's practically WORSHIPPED Celia, because, well, she was popular.


So, anyway. In the first year I knew Celia, I was in Kindergarten. There was no gifted program for this grade level, but Celia had been accepted early into the program. Why? "Because she's so smart!" The Natashas would call out. Celia fed on the attention, and she would smirk whenever people talked to her. 


In first grade, I was accepted into the gifted program. That year, the theme was the Mayan rainforest. Celia had spent the whole first day with the teacher of the gifted program, (Who I'll call Ms. Darla) cutting out and drawing leaves, jungle animals, and trees out of construction paper and decorating the classroom. I'll admit, it looked great. But the fact that Ms. Darla was feeding her compliments almost every ten seconds was a little odd. 


At the end of each year, the students in the gifted program would have a final project relating to the subject they learned. I had created a 3D model of a horned frog, which wasn't that great. I didn't care. But Celia came to school with her mother, carrying a giant painting of the rainforest. The whole class was in shock. It practically was like a photo, and it was 8ft x 3ft. Her mother, who'll we'll call Pam, proudly displayed her child's artwork overtop of other classmates drawings. Nobody dared to move it. One student got too close to Celia's painting, and Pam practically hissed like a snake at the student. Pam frightened me beyond belief. 


We would all vote on who did the best project at the end of every year, and Celia won. Of course.


The next year, the theme was China. Celia once again decked out the room with Chinese drawings she made, and even took classes to learn how to speak Chinese. Ms. Darla would allow her to come up to the front of the class and help her teach sometimes. Seriously! Anybody who tried to question this received death stares from Celia, and yes, even a stern talking to from Pam. Oh, did I forget? Pam was the President of the PTA, and was in our gifted classrooms almost everyday. She even graded our assignments when Ms. Darla wasn't able to. Slowly but surely, Celia was taking control of the gifted program. 


During this year, a little website you may have heard of called Google wanted a new logo. They often have a day where a child's drawing becomes the Google logo for a day or two. Nearly everyone in the school entered, and guess who won. Celia of course! Her picture of the Google logo was displayed on their website. She also won the end of the year project again, making a 3D model of the Great Wall of China. Yay.


This is how the years went on. Out of the thousands of competitions our school had, from writing to art to science to spelling to even track racing, Celia won them all. There were only a handful of times she didn't win, but she always got in the top 3. 


I only beat her once, which was the year we had the Egypt theme. I made a giant puppet theater with gods and goddesses from the time period, and I told the story of how the world was created in Egyptian lore. Celia had also made a puppet show, but hers wasn't as detailed as mine, and I won the prize. But guess the f*ck what. Pam accused me of stealing her daughter's puppet show idea, and (an actual quote) "Look at that puppet show! Her parents had to have built that thing all by themselves. She clearly couldn't have done any of it by herself. She's a cheater."


Did I also mention that Pam was a professional artist and sculptor? Who's works of art look like Celia's art style?


Ms. Darla didn't give Celia the prize though, as it was a class vote. Celia and Pam despised me for the rest of the year, and since they had the whole school on strings, it was like target practice for me for another two years, which was when I went to middle school. Celia went to my school too, and so did her mother. Once again, president of the PTA. This school had a full time gifted program, and Celia was enrolled. Along with me. She still won everything, she still ruled the school, and even though Natasha 1 was somewhere else (not in the state anymore) Natasha 2 still treated her like a queen.


Celia was eventually caught cheating at a spelling bee. Pam had been actually blinking her eyes, communicating in Morse code to her daughter onstage. You can't make this sh*t up. She also was caught entering in paintings with sloppy covered watermarks. These paintings were discovered to have been done by her mother as well.


But Pam didn't see this as an issue. "She's an angel. I'm President of the PTA. You can't expel her! I'll expel anyone who dares to stand in her way!" (This isn't an actual quote, but one spread around the school. So, take that one with a grain of salt.)


I actually have no idea how Celia stayed in school. She clearly was cheating on everything. In Raffles at school, she would win the best baskets. Pam called out the ticket numbers, and whenever Celia would win, her ticket stubs would always be suspiciously bent, while the others were straight. On her essays, she used words that many top scientists don't even know. On tests, she never had her phone confiscated. And who followed her to every class? Pam. I am not kidding. She seriously would go to each damn class with her daughter. There would be few times that she wasn't there, but she was always in the school. During independent work, she would crouch next to her daughter's desk to help her. 


I went to a different high school than Celia, but along the way, Natasha 2 came to her senses and left Celia. Natasha 2 went to Celia's high school, to which she fed me this news a year after I graduated. (I graduated 1 year early)


Celia had graduated 2 years early, while still being spoon-fed success by her mother. Once she entered college, Pam no longer had control over her teachers. After only 3 weeks in college, Celia dropped out, due to her grades becoming worse and her refusal to play fair in any activity. She attempted to apply for a high end job, but was turned down due to her not having a college education. Pam threw a hissy fit, but didn't get her way. Celia now lives with her mother, jobless, and can't help her in her art studio because, guess what? SHE NEVER KNEW HOW TO PAINT. Yes, every beautiful piece of artwork was done by her mother. The only thing Celia had artistic talent in was cutting out shapes out of construction paper.


Pretty much any kid with an entitled parent may turn out like this. This isn't the future you want for your child. You can't hand them success, you can't manipulate other to do treat them like royalty. Because everyone suffers in this. I still have no idea how Pam managed to get away with all of this, but I, and many others from my school, watched it play out in front of our eyes. Come to think of it, Celia and Pam might make good Shakespeare villains. 


Edit: Some of you say that this is a case of r/thathappened. I tried to include as many details as I could remember, and, even if I knew where to find her Google art, it may show her real name in the article, which is not allowed on the subreddit. 


Edit 2: I found some of Celia's mother's work, but there are 1,000 copyright warnings all over the page. Linking it would reveal names. Any way around this? Celia's mother basically did all of Celia's art anyways soooooo


EDIT 3 (IMPORTANT!): I have removed information as some people may have found means to find real names. Also, I have found out a little explanation of why Pam could get away with many things. Celia's father was on the school board! He had control over tests and exams and teacher's lesson plans. So that just spoiled Celia even more!


Also thanks for all the upvotes!/nHello Guys, I've got yet another story from the time I dated my ex-girlfriend. It's yet another story that involves her crazy entitled mother. You know, the one who [told me to give her my car](https://old.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c4nrma/em_wants_to_have_my_car_because_shes_got_children/) and [kicked me out of the house and threw a glass bottle at me](https://old.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cbg01j/em_yells_at_me_for_supposedly_not_changing_a/). This one happened about two or three weeks after we started dating when my ex wanted me to get to know her mother. Partly because she wanted us to meet and partly because her mother didn't believe that I actually exist. But now, without further ado, lets get to the cast:

**EM** - Entitled mum, my ex-girlfriends mother

**EX** - My ex-girlfriend

**Me** - big idiot who should have ended the relationship right after this story


So **Me** and **EX** drove to the house where **EX** and her family lived at the time. We went upstairs, **EX** looked for her mum while I took a seat on the couch. After a couple of minutes, **EM** entered the living room without **EX** and saw me. 

She started yelling:"WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU AND WHY ARE YOU SITTING IN MY LIVING ROOM?"

Before I could answer, **EX** showed up and explained to **EM** who I am and why I sit on her couch. 

**EM's** reaction was:"Oh, so he isn't made up after all."

**EX** looked very embarrassed while **EM** walked in front of me and started to inspect me. After that, the following dialog happened:

**EM**:"I married last week."

**Me**:"Well that's nice. Congratulations."

**EM**:"Do you know why I told you that?"

**Me**:"No I don't. Why did you?"

**EM**:"I took my husbands last name. My ancestors were aristocrats, part of a very noble society in the old Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation (basically the Middle Ages version of Germany). You have to take my daughters last name when you marry her so the name gets carried on."

**Me**(a little confused and overrun by that statement):"I've been dating you daughter for three weeks now. I don't even know if or when I will marry her and I certainly do not know if I will take her last name or not."

**EM**:"So you don't want to marry her? Why are you even here then."

**EX**:"Mum, calm down, we've known each other for about a year now and we just started dating. I don't know if I want to marry him, he doesn't know if he wants to marry me. That's normal."

**EM**:"You might think that is normal, yeah. But you're dating, so you love each other. I guess that should be enough to get married."

**EX**:"Oh, like you and dad? Getting married at 19, having a child and getting divorced three years later? Yeah, I'm sure that's the ideal way."

**EM**:"Don't dare to use your father against me. You know he is an asshole who isn't capable of raising a child, so I had to leave him."

**EX**:"I don't know if he is capable of that or not because you don't allow me to meet him. (looking at **Me**) Come on, let's go. This whole thing was a stupid idea."

**EM**(while we are leaving):"Fine, run from your problems. I know your father, it's better for you not to meet him!"

**EX** shook her head and we left.


So that's the first impression I got from my **EX's** mother. As always, I'm not a native speaker, so I'm sorry for mistakes. If you find any, please point them out so I can correct them and learn from them. My *EX's** family was basically an infinite supply of EP stories and I'll tell more of the storys I've lived through as soon as I have the time to write them down. Thanks for reading.

**TL;DR**: My **EX** introduces me to her **EM**. **EM** tells me to take **EX's** last name when we get married. **EX** and **EM** start arguing about **EX's** father, so we decide to leave.*

Edit: Corrected some mistakes

Edit no.2: Thank you very much for the gold <3/nThis happened last week when I was on my way to work.

&#x200B;

For background, I'm in a D&D group that meets every Sunday and Tuesday night and I have a bit of a knack for losing track of time and just not sleeping on those nights, so when I get ready for work, I stop at a gas station on the way and grab an energy drink and a breakfast sandwich. Because if I don't I'm absolutely dead for the day and can't deal with the shitty people I work with and for.

&#x200B;

I'm also a bit of a chubby 20 something girl who doesn't really wear makeup (basically a nice way of saying I look a few shades better than an extra on The Walking Dead but only because I'm not missing bits of skin).

&#x200B;

Anyway, I'm getting my sandwich and some gas for my car and, lucky me, I grab the last NOS in my favorite flavor (Cherry. It is best) I then go over to the breakfast sandwich as the most Karen-y of Karens and her mid-teens failed abortion come in. She's getting a coffee and donuts and her spawn is over by the energy drinks. He begins whining about there not being any on the shelf as I grab my stuff and put it on the counter to be rung up.

&#x200B;

That's when the little brat sees I have my drink and begins complaining, and lucky me that brings Karen's attention my way.

&#x200B;

"Hi," She said, obviously trying to push herself ahead of me in line. "Can my son have that?"

&#x200B;

My dead stare, though a suitable response, was rude. So I shook my head and said a tired, "No. I just bought it. They may have some in the back, though."  


She took offense and started mouthing off about how I should get one of those then. After all, her son had a test and they were in a hurry and didn't want to be late.

&#x200B;

"Then you should probably ask now, so that he's not late. I bought this one and I'm going to be late for work."

&#x200B;

She narrowed her eyes before continuing to ask/demand that I hand it over despite having already paid..

&#x200B;

I would also like to point out that the cashier at this point recognized me and knew that I get a bit testy when tired and non-caffeinated.

&#x200B;

"Hey how many do you got in the back?"

&#x200B;

The mom had a bit of a smug face at this point, but I cracked open my can which made her gasp and glare.

&#x200B;

"We have a case left."

&#x200B;

"I'll take it, mind if I pick it up after work?"

&#x200B;

It was about $40 with the 2/$3 promotion they had going. I paid as she screamed about how that wasn't fair and now I have enough caffeine to last me a month.

&#x200B;

Fuck you Karen. No one gets between me and my caffeine./n**Backstory:**

Basically, it's really simple. An Asian ice cream store in my area serves boba tea, snow ice, and ice cream rolls. They also have a points system, which is pretty good (75 points for a free boba tea, and 115 for a free ice cream roll). My friend (F) goes to another school, that's why she doesn't know EK, NK (EK's twin sister) nor EM. EK and Nk go to my art class, so they *do* know me. And I win a lot of awards at school, so EM definitely knows me, also from the open houses. She always complains that *"I'm always getting the awards"* and how *"it's not giving my daughters a chance".* Needless to say, EM and EK hates my guts, but I'm actually friends with NK. F goes to the store a lot, and so do I, only her way more often as she practically lives next to this store. She's the type of person that saves up *all* her points and only uses it when she needs it, and me? I spend it the minute I have enough. The only reason I could tell EK and NK apart (they're identical) is the fact that EK's hair is *longer than fucking Rapunzel's*, while NK has her hair just a bit longer than the height of her shoulder.

\~\~

**Cast:**

ME (Me, of course, dummy)

NK (Nice kid, also EK's twin sister, like I mentioned above)

EK (NK's twin sister, ~~but I don't think you needed to know that)~~

EM (Do I really have to explain?)

CA (Cashier)

F (Friend)

\~\~

**Now finally,** ***the story***

Me and F come to the ice cream place cuz *it was 100 degrees outside* and we didn't feel like getting into the pool. I didn't feel like ice cream, so I chose Boba. Now, there are many different flavors of Boba. *No offense ice-cream-store* *but every single one of your Boba teas suck* except for Dirty Boba, which is basically black/brown sugar with milk and black/brown sugarcoated Boba. It's the most popular one in the store, and I was quite surprised they haven't ran out yet (half of the time I go there, it's usually sold out). Now here's the important part: They only had enough sugar left for ***1*** cup of dirty boba when I got there. I didn't care, ***that Boba tea was the best in my town.*** My friend got the matcha snow ice, and while she insisted on paying for me, I refused. I went to my pockets then go *shit*. I quickly enter my phone number to see how many points I have. ***70 Points.*** I told F to pay on my phone number, so I got 10 points. That'd be 80. Then, I'd have enough for a free Boba tea. Good. And *right after my friend handed the cashier the cash, guess who entered.* EK, NK, and EM. NK and I were friends, but me and NK ***both*** hated EK. EK always acted like the world revolved around her, and EM spoiling her didn't help, either. NK, however, was a nice kid, and refused to be spoiled. While I waited in line for my Boba tea, EM, EK, and NK approached the cashier.

CA: Hello ma'am how may I help you today?

EM: Yes, my daughters would like, uh *nudges EK and NK*

EK: A dirty Boba and an Oreo ice cream roll.

CA: Sorry dear, we just ran out of dirty Boba. This customer- *gestures to me* \-just purchased it with her in-store points.

EM: But she purchased it with *the points*! I'm offering you real money here, take it and give the last dirty Boba to my daughter (at that time, the Boba was still in the making), or I'll leave a complain on your website!

EK: Yea, she always gets everything! Let me have something for once!

CA: Sorry ma'am, but she ordered it first. Her points are the results of her purchases, so therefore, she'd technically still have purchased it by our store's rules.

EM: bUt iM giving yOu rEaL mOnEy, aNd sHe jUsT pUrChAsEd iT wItH pOiNts!!111!1

CA: Sorry ma'am, our rules are rules.

At that time, F got her matcha snow ice and noticed what was going on. F's really nice, but she can get spicy if you mess with her.

F: Excuse me ma'am, if you don't mind, your daughter can have my matcha snow ice. I'm sorry that you couldn't get the Dirty Boba.

EM: *makes a disgusted face* Ew, who'd even like matcha? That's disgusting

EK: *Nods in agreement* Yea, that flavor sucks.

I shot them a glare before signaling my friend to come back to the table and eat. Poor F, she just wanted to help.

NK: *whispers to me and F* Sorry about my mum and my twin *whispers to the cashier, probably the same thing she whispered to me and F.* And can I have a Nutella ice cream roll please?

CA: OK, and the total would be \[insert price cuz I wasn't paying attention\]. Do you have a phone number for our points? Or would you like to register one?

EM: No, we're not like that snobby little brat- *points to me -* who doesn't give real money.

Now I got angry. Firstly, I actually *work hard* to have all those achievements. It's not easy to get straight A's, you've actually got to *study*. EK doesn't even *try* on even the *easiest* tests.  I try to keep my cool, and take a deep breath before standing up.

ME: EM, I don't like the way you called me a "snobby little brat". It's very rude.

EM: Well, I'll say sorry if you give EK your boba tea.

Now ***WHAT. THE. HELL.***

ME: Sorry, no. I bought it and therefore, it's mine. I won't be giving it to anybody anytime soon.

EK: Can't you just be *generous* for once?

ME: I'm sorry?

EM: You heard her right! You get *everything* and what does EK and NK get? *NOTHING!*

CA: Ma'am, please calm down.

NK: Yea, mum, EK can just get the Boba another time-

EK: I DON'T WANT IT NEXT TIME! I! WANT! IT! NOW!

EM: Look OP, you've just made EK upset.

ME: Well, not really my fault, it's just the fact that you guys should come earlier, as you can tell that the Dirty Boba is very popular.

NK: Yea, mum, OP's right, I've told you guys to come earlier-

Before NK could finish her sentence, guess what happened.

Now, I pretended to be on my phone, while actually listening to the whole fight. When I stood up to her, my phone was left on the table.

EK grabs my phone and hands it to EM.

EM: What's your password?

ME: Give me back my phone!

EM: I asked what's your password!

ME: First of all, what you're doing is theft. I won't tell you my password no matter what! In fact, I'll call the cops on you!

EM: You won't do that! This is what you owe me!

CA: Actually, ma'am, she actually could since this is *her* property you're attempting to get *her* password in.

Now, not all heroes wear capes. NK snatches my phone out of EM's hand and quickly puts it on the table, F securing it with her hand.

EK: NK WHY DID YOU DO THAT!??

NK: You guys were trying to steal her phone!

EM: She gets everything!

EK: She owes me it, like mother told her!

CA: Ma'am, I'd like you to leave with your daughter right now. She- *points to NK* \-could stay.

EK: But we've done nothing wrong! It's true, she gets everything!

EM: EK's always right!

CA: Get out. Now. With your EK.

EM: C'mon, NK, let's get out of here before OP and the CA could "*call the cops on you"*.

NK: No, mum. I'd like to stay here for a few more minutes.

EM, always spoiling her 2 daughters, sighed.

EM: I'll drive your sister back, call me when you want to come home.

F and NK were furious at what EM and EK had done. I tried to calm them down, then remembered something.

ME: Hey, F, how many points do you have?

F: I dunno, lemme check real quick.

She checks and she has 250 points, and at 200 points is *have a flavor named after you.*

I gave NK and F a lenny smile, and they know what's going on.

ME: NK, make sure you bring EM and EK here before 2 weeks, alright? (the naming expires after 2 weeks)

NK agreed.

I named the matcha flavor...

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

DUN DUN DUNNNN

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

"Karen Repellent"

I'm still waiting for NK's reply ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)

Edit 1: Holy guacamole I went out for a day and this is what happened? Thankssss for the gold and silver(s)

Edit 2: Forgot to thank the commenters, thanks!

Edit 3: And the upvoters as well, *slaps face* ^(how did I forget)

Edit 4: *I'm forgetful ok* And the haters as well! Thank you! :)

Edit 5: (and hopefully the last one) it's out! Karen reacts to Karen Repellant, it's out! Watch (or actually read) it [here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cndzem/follow_up_from_last_story/)/nSome backstory:
I am visiting in the Philippines from the US, and some things are different than in the US (obviously). For example, we use jeepneys, which are basically buses, but there are way more of them circling the city. Also, almost all Filipinos speak their native language and English. I’ll be translating all of this. And what makes this funny is that Filipinos only use messenger. I think that’s enough backstory for you to understand somethings later.

Cast:
Me: YaBoiJoyf Em: Entitled Mom Wb: Whining Brat (EM’s kid) C: Cousin SG: Security Guard

Me and my cousin were on our way to our local SM super mall, which was 15-20 minutes away. 
After walking for a bit, we saw a jeepney and we signaled for it to stop so we could get on. We got on the jeepney and paid the driver. A couple minutes later I got bored and took out my phone to check out my friends stories on Snapchat. A minute later I saw EM and her kid walk in. She didn’t look like an EM, she just looked like a regular mom. The people made room for her and her kid to sit across from me. Her kid saw me using Snapchat and he whispered something into EM’s ear. The EM glared at my phone and nodded towards WB.
Remember that I’ll be translating their dialogue into English.

EM: Why aren’t you using messenger?

Me: I’m using Snapchat.

EM: Why?

I didn’t want to talk to her so I didn’t reply.

EM: Hello???

I didn’t reply again.

WB: MOM I WANNA TRY!

EM: My kid wants to try that Snapchat! Give him your phone!

I got annoyed so I asked my cousin if we could get off here and get on another jeepney. He nodded yes, so we told the driver that this was our stop. We got off, and waited for another jeepney. I didn’t notice that EM followed us out, and she ran up to me and tried to yank my phone out of my hand, but I had a wrist strap, and her pull hurt my wrist bad. EM saw this as an advantage and ripped my phone out of my hand. I turned off my phone before she took it. 

EM: UNLOCK YOUR PHONE RIGHT NOW

Me: Why?

EM: MY KID WANTS YOUR PHONE TO TRY OUT SNAPCHAT!

Me: No, that’s my phone, and not yours. 

My cousin saw a security guard at a store, so he called him and they ran to us

I saw them running to us behind her so I stalled her until they got here. 

SG: What’s going on here?

EM: He stole my phone!

SG: Then how are you holding it?

EM: I took it back!

Me: Actually, she stole my phone. *shows lock screen which has me in it to prove it*

EM: SEE?! HE HACKED MY PHONE!

Me: *puts thumb on home button and it unlocks*

SG: Ma’am, is WB your son? 

EM: Yeah, so?

SG: You and your son need to come with me.

Then I never saw her and her son again.😢 I’m gonna miss them.../nBefore the story starts just wanted to say sorry about formatting ect I’m on mobile. TL;DR at bottom.

Background info

I live by a river and every now and again the ski club there host events like open days or concerts/parties. They also have a small caravan park for people to stay.
Now and again some kids staying over or whose parents are at a event will go on a climbing frame that is in an unfenced part of our garden. Although there are signs saying it’s private property, we aren’t too bothered as there aren’t many and they aren’t too loud

Recently they hosted the village beer festival and it ended up being very popular. This meant so many parents decided to take their kids to the ski club for the day



On that morning I was woken up by dozens of high pitched screams and looked out of my window to see what was going on. To my surprise there was about 20 kids all playing on my climbing frame out in the garden. I realised what had happened and was furious. All the parents had left the kids at our climbing frame to entertain themselves while they all got drunk.
I was furious

First we decided to flip over my climbing frame as a passive aggressive way of saying ‘fuck off’
but soon after they flipped it back over. (Almost destroying our fence in the process) and continued to drive us all slowly insane

We decided we needed to do something drastic and I called my friend who was good at destroying things. He rushed over with some basic tools (Screwdriver, Allan key ect.) and we began to disassemble the climbing frame. 
We got bored of just unscrewing it all and most the bolts were all rusty so we started breaking it and snapping bits off. This was when most parents came to see what we were doing. They were all mainly decent people and were just worried about us potentially being vandals so when they realised that it was ours they apologised and left. All but one

Enter entitled mum 

(I’m English and that’s how we spell mom)

Although I thought EMs were more of an American thing I was surprised to see how much she resembled a classic EM. That trademark hair cut. Annoying grainy voice. And yes, she was entitled

EM - Entitled Mum
EF - Epic (But Overly Sarcastic) Friend
ME - Stone Cold Steve Austin
MM - My  Mum &lt;- Absolutely awesome person and I’m not afraid to say I love you for how you dealt with EM

EM (Clutching her son): EXCUUUSE ME WHAT ARE YOU VANDALS DOING?!

EF: Dismantling our climbing frame if it isn’t a problem to you?

EM: Your? Are you criminals trying to say you own this climbing frame that belongs to the ski club?

*I escort her to the sign saying private property*

ME: See it’s ours

She couldn’t easily humbly say sorry and accept she was wrong so she continues to pick a fight

EM: Well why have you just ruined MY child’s fun (child couldn’t care less) and ALL THE OTHER CHILDREN’S fun

ME: Because they are distracting us and it’s private property and you should have thought about that before bringing your child to a BEER FESTIVAL 

EM: Well you should fix it before I call the police on you

EF: OooOoOoOOooOoOoH I’m so sorry officer don’t arrest me for destroying my friend’s climbing frame.

She is red with anger and begins screaming abuse at my friend about how he should respect her and not be an arrogant shit

All the while I was calling my house phone from my mobile waiting for my parents to pick up when finally my mum answers

I loudly say “Hi mum, yeah this **kind lady** is having a go at us for breaking our climbing frame and saying that I don’t live here. Are you alright explaining. Thanks”

She storms over to me and I put my phone on speaker

EM: LISTEN HERE MA’AM YOUR EVIL CHILDREN ARE VANDALISING A CLIMBING FRAME AND DENYING MY CHILD HIS RIGHT TO PLA... 

MM: SHUT UP YOU COW AND LOOK AT THIS 

*Phone drops to the floor*

EM looks at our house and absolutely shocked she sees MM open the the window and begin screaming at her to fuck off and leave our garden and leave us alone before she comes down and hits her with a rake

EMs confidence drops and she strides away looking although she had shit herself as MM shouts “wanker” and flips her off

It may not be the most dramatic story in the world but it’s proof to at least me that these people exist everywhere. Even in a small English village

TL;DR

Annoying kids play on our climbing frame so we begin breaking it. EM shouts at us and threatens to get us arrested for vandalism when my mum saves the day, screams at her and threatens to hit her with a rake

Edit 1: Hate to sound cringy but thanks so much for Reddit gold and all the amazing comments you’ve all left

Edit 2: Idk if it helps much as proof but [here is climbing frame after we moved it into our back garden. The photo was taken from the window MM yelled out of](https://ibb.co/r75vXPS) ./nBack story:
So I'm 19 and from Bulgaria, when I was 17 I moved to England and started a long distance relationship with my current gf. About a month ago I moved to America to live with my gf and this story happened around a week ago.

[Obligatory excuses here;
1. Mobile
2. English isn't my first language]

Me- you'll never guess
Gf - girlfriend
Rm- roommate
Em- entitled mum
K- kid (around 10/11)

Story:
So I was out in the driveway of the house cleaning up the leaves that always seemed to come in in droves and settle on our area but no where else.
Anyway, the Em walks past and stops at our gate.

Em: *clears throat and smiles*
Me: oh, hi there
(Keep in mind that I have a relatively thick Bulgarian accent)
Em: Are you new here? I haven't seen you around before.
Me: Oh, yeah I am. I just moved in with (Gf name).
Em: Well its nice to meet you.
Me: Nice to meet you too.

At this point the kid was staring through the bars at what I was doing, he seemed to be entranced by my cleaning.

Em: So, is Gf home?
Me: Uh yes, she's just upstairs with Rm
Em: So why are you doing the cleaning instead of her?

I was taken aback by this and stopped cleaning for a moment, dropping the dustpan and brush into the rubbish bag I had been using.

Me: Excuse me?
Em: Well cleaning isn't a mans job, you should be working, or doing DIY.

I'm quite skinny, and even the baggy hoodie I was wearing showed that, I obviously wouldn't be very good at DIY.

Me: I'm sorry but, since when have chores been gendered?

At this point the EM laughed as if I'd asked something extremely stupid, like what colour the sky was.

Em: It's a well known fact that women do all the housework
Me: I don't know what planet you're living on, but here on Earth we gave up on that crap long ago. It's fine for people of any gender to do any job they like.

The Em looked me dead in the eye and gave a half smile.

Em: Are you gay?
Me: *visibly shocked* What!? No!
Em: Then why are you doing a woman's job?
K: Mummy, can we go? I need to tidy my room before my friends come round

The Em took what her kid said like a lap to the face, she turned to me with daggers in her eyes.

Em: How dare you!
Me: *confused* What did I do?
Em: How dare you abuse my son!
Me: *getting angry* How the hell did I abuse your son!!??
Em: You're telling my son that its okay to be gay, you're turning my son gay! That's abuse and harassment!!

The kid then started crying and Em told him to run home. I was happy that the kid was gone, now I could let loose on this mum without swearing in front of a child.
I never really understood how other people on here stay calm and respectful in these situations, still say ma'am and not swearing at all. Must be an American thing...I'm not American.
But, before I can say anything the Em speaks again.

Em: We shouldn't let filthy immigrants like you into this country, disrespecting our people and brainwashing our children!

That was it, the straw that broke the camels back.
I stated, very bluntly.

Me: Fuck off

The Em was taken aback by this and stood there for a second, white faced.

Em: YOU LITTLE-

I cut her off

Me: No, fuck you, fuck your prejudiced and homophobic views, get the fuck off my property and never come back, you miserable cunt.
Em: People like you shouldn't be allowed to own property in a country they don't belong in!

Then, she hit me. So I hit back. I caught her in the nose and she stumbled back before screaming bloody murder.

Em: ASSAULT, ASSAULT, THIS ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT ASSAULTED ME!

I was ready to "assault" her again but at this point my Gf and Rm had come outside.

Gf: *shakes her head at me in disbelief as I hurl insult after insult at the Em in Bulgarian as she continues to insult me*
Rm: *tries to calm everyone down, but to no avail.*
Em: YOU SHOULD BE LOCKED UP FAGGOT! YOU SHOULD BE DEPORTED YOU FUCKING IMMIGRANT SCUM!

Gf took me inside after that as Rm stayed to talk to the lady.
I was shaking with rage and it took me hours and a nice bath for me to calm down, and according to Rm the Em left not long after I did. Swearing that I had traumatised her son.
I figured that that was the end of it.

The next day I woke up, looked out of the window and saw Em stood there arms folded. I sighed and walked downstairs to talk to her. The second I walked out she confronted me.

Em: Well, hand it over.
Me: Hand what over?
Em: The money
Me: What money?
Em: The money that you owe me for traumatising my son.

I laughed, the harsh barking sound echoing around the area.

Em: Don't laugh, this is serious. You turned my son gay, and now he needs counseling, which you will pay for.

I just slowly shook my head and went back to my warm bed.


/nRight, this is my first time posting and im tired as shit so sorry in advance if it sucks!

So this happened a few minutes ago and I am still laughing about it.   It didn't make me super mad only because it is so funny.( Tag{Instagram username}   EM- Entitled mother.  D- Her daughter.   Me- Me.)

I am a private account so you have to request to follow me or Dm me.I get a notification saying someone wants to Dm me so I open the app and go to my requests and see some lady wants to Dm me.   Before I even read the message I want to see if its a bot or something so I check out the account for a minute.   Its just some white suburban looking mother who posts pictures of food and fitness and her three  children, the oldest being around 10 or 11.

The messages that follow go like this,

EM:   Hi sweety, your account looks really cute, I love your Tag!   I was wondering if I could ask you a question?( I assumed she was going to ask about something in my Bio or if I would be interested in promoting shit for her or something so I accept and respond.)

Me: Hi,  Yeah sure go ahead.

EM:  My Daughter is making an Instagram account and thought of using the same name as you but it wont let her?

Me: Oh, yeah.  They don't allow two people to have the same username, Haha.

EM: .... So change it.

Me: What?

EM: Change your username so D can use your tag.

Me: Sorry?  I've had this account for like six years and I really like my tag?

EM: Its not that big a deal, just change it.  D wants that tag.

Me: If it isn't a big deal then she can think of a different tag.

EM: Don't be a bitch.  Just change it.  D has been very good lately so I rewarded her with a new phone and she wants to make an Instagram account.  Let her have the tag.

Me: No.

EM: But she wants it.

Me: But I already have it.  She can add numbers to it or change the spelling.

EM: But she thought of this really good tag!  You need to change you name for her to have it.

Me: Again, I've had this account for six years.

EM: Don't be such a bitch, just let D have the tag.

Me: I'm not giving your stupid kid my tag.  She can think of something else.

At this point I was a bit upset but it gets so funny from here.  My favorite part about random people dming me things like this is messing with them to give myself a good laugh.       So EM starts typing and I send a message before she sends her message.

Me: Listen, Linda.

EM:  My name isn't Linda.  ( Insert like 46 angry emojis)

Me: So sorry.  What is your name, then?

EM: Sharon.

Me: Of fucking course it is.....     Let me correct myself.Shut up, Sharon.

Before she could respond I blocked her and very quickly called my friend up to tell her the story, laughing about it.Hi Sharon, btw.  Hope your kid found a tag.

&#x200B;

EDIT: To those who wanted screenshots I tried to unblock her but because I deleted the dm bar I sadly cant get you all the glorious screenshots.    
And to those who want to know my tag and follow me it is my personal account and I only give it out to close friends!   (My tag is just some edgy shit which is probably why the kid wanted it.   But I have had it for so long that I don't want to give it up\~)      And to the user who commented ' Eat ass Sharon '   You are now my favorite person and an inside joke between me and my friend :)))/nSo of course we need background. Around Christmas time 2018, i was going through a shitty time in life, being 15 not making it easy, and when it all pushed me over the edge, i had threatened to commit suicide, as i was having a huge panic attack and i didn't know what to do. My mom was really calm about the whole thing and it really helped me out. We drove down to a Lutheran General that was about a mile away, and after a good hour and a half of waiting, we finally got situated, and i got a "holding cell." My assigned nurse at the time was really funny, and really helped me stay calm.

&#x200B;

The night was long AF! I had gotten there around 11:30 at night so we were already tired, and i fell asleep in the hospital bed at around 1:30 or so, only to be woken just an hour later, for blood testing. It wasn't that bad, i just couldnt function at all. After a long night, i finally woke up for real, around 1:40ish in the afternoon. They told me that i would have to transfer to another hospital with other kids who are going through similar things as me. It took another 45 minutes before the ambulance arrived, and a stretcher rolled up to my room. Now this is where the entitled bitch came in. 

&#x200B;

As i was walking out of my room to the stretcher, the EMTs were talking to my parents and the nurse, and i was waiting for them when i heard this. 

&#x200B;

EM: Here's your ride EK! 

she promptly plops her kid on the stretcher, and the adults are so busy, and halfway down the hall so i say.

ME: The hell are you doing?

i didnt mean to be rude at all, i was just tired and not in the mood for anything at all

EM gasped and laid her kid down on it. 

EM: What is wrong with you???

ME: Please stop yelling, my head hurts really bad.

EM respectfully quiets down

ME: Why are you on my stretcher anyways?

This was clearly the wrong thing to say as she starts screaming,

EM: YOUR STRETCHER?!?

ME: jesus christ, what happened to being quiet.

EM: THIS IS NOT YOUR STRETCHER!!!

at this point the adults are walking back, hearing the commotion, and at this point i was just sitting down on the floor holding my head in my hands. 

EMT: What's going on?

EM: This boy is taking our stretcher!

EMT: Yeah, because its FOR him.

EM gasped and held her precious.

EM: There is NO way that this brat is more important then EK, whats wrong with him.

My mom, trying to get this bitch to think told her, against the emt's advice earlier.

Mom: BECAUSE HE WANTED TO KILL HIMSELF AND THEY'RE FINDING HIM HELP YOU BITCH!

I had never heard her yell or swear like that, and it definitely caught me off guard.

EM: So what?

My mom exploded, yelling a whole shit ton of stuff at the EM, with the EK starting to cry

EM: Stop it you monster! (yes, thats what she said)

ME: Only when you get out of our lives and get off the damn stretcher!

&#x200B;

The EM quiet downed and grabbed her kid, pulling him off the stretcher. I slowly got up, and the EMT helped me into the stretcher, before i knew it, we were on the ambulance, and i was barely awake. and thank god, it was late enough for the staff to let me sleep for a while. Now i thought that was it, but on day 4, there was a new kid arriving, and he seemed strikingly familiar. He looked like the kid from the other hospital, but years older. During some free time, i whispered across the halls (which was against the rules) and asked him about it. Turns out it was his mom, and his younger brother who did that. We laughed about it, and 3 days later, during a family session, my name was called, and i waved goodbye, discharged and gone for good.

Edit1: a lot of people are asking if I’m ok now, I am. I got out the Sunday before Christmas and I spent the following week in Georgia with family

Edit2: JESUS CHRIST!! 3.5K upvotes and silver?!?

Thank you so much, I didn’t expect this much support, I just wanted to share something that pissed me off! <3 <3/nSo I'm here again. I guess being on holiday attracts entitled people. I'm on phone so bad formate yada yada yada.

EM- entitled mum IC- innocent child Cc-cool cousin Me- me


So I was taking a walk earlier this morning (about 9am) with my cousin who barely speaks English. We were walking to an ice cream shop for some breakfast (ice cream for breakfast yes I know cool). So we were sitting outside eating and despite being early it was quite warm. So we were just eating and talking as ya do then I notice this little kid looking at me. I know he's a tourist because he's blonde and paler then me. I dont take any note and just continue eating. Then i see the kid talking to his mum (in a very strong English accent). Then she comes up to me and says very slowly 'can you understand me?'
Me: yes I'm actually brittish.
I thought she wanted me to translate and my cousin is looking confused.


EM: oh well I can see your bra strap so you know..


Me:oh sorry


I pull it up and under my vest starp


CC-(in Italian) that was weird 
Then it falls again. I don't really care when it happens cause I'm a preteen and no one cares. 


EM:I'm sorry but it fell again 


Me: oh it's fine I don't mind


Should not have said that 

EM:well I mind and I don't want my son to get ideas 

Me:what ideas would he get from seeing a pcice of fabric 

CC-(in Italian) what is she going on about? 


Me: (in Italian) she's complaining about my bra strap

EM:DONT SWEAR AT ME IN ITALIAN!! 

Me: I'm not swearing just translating 

EM:why can't he speak English 

Me: well he's learning 

IC: mum please let's just go

Now this kid can't have been older then 6

EM:ok just a minute 

Looks at me 

EM: now you cover up because its inappropriate to show bras in public 

Me:ok then ciao ciao

EM:ugh


CC: (in italian) bitch 




The end








Just in case anyone cares I had one scoop strawberry one lemon in a bun. Best breakfast you can get/n[Link to original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ch2k7g/entitled_mom_takes_empty_case_at_gamestop_then/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app)

Okay guys it has taken me a little bit to form my thoughts on this whole situation, but I’m going to just get right into what happened.

If you haven’t read my original post then none of this will make sense so I would suggest reading that first.

Cast: Entitled Mom (EM), Me (Angel). 
(you’ll be surprised to learn that my manager wasn’t involved when she came back to the store)

So as you guys know the EM took/stole the empty display case from the front counter and left with it. I think it’s pretty safe to assume that she thought there was a game in it and intentionally stole it. 

This is the interaction I had with her after she came back in the store the next day, after she claimed to my manager I “sold” it to her empty.

I was waiting for her to come in and to be honest I was kind of nervous about it. I knew I didn’t do anything wrong but I had no idea how she would try to spin the situation and make me look bad. My manager hadn’t come into the store yet because it was still fairly early, so I was working alone. And of course this is when she came in.

I was bent behind the counter when I heard the familiar buzz alerting me that the door has opened and before I could look up and greet the customer I heard a *cough* from across the counter like someone was trying to get my attention. And when I looked up it was her.

EM: I’m sorry I seemed to have accidentally taken this empty case yesterday.

EM: You shouldn’t just leave empty cases around, people might think they’re are games in there.

[In retail stores you are not supposed to confront customers about possible theft. Even if you see someone take something there is nothing you can do except report it. Although I saw her take the case and we can all assume she was trying to steal the game, there is no “proof” that was her motive]

Me: Most customers know that we keep all of our games behind the counter, but some people don’t know that and try to steal.

EM: Well.. that’s not what I was trying to do. I just forgot I was holding the case.

Me: Thank you for returning it.

*She looked at me smugly*

EM: I came back to pick up my copy of Mario Kart, I called in earlier this morning and your manager said you had a copy and I’d be getting a discount for all the trouble yesterday.

[I’m guessing that because she talked to my manager the day before she thought that he’d be in the store today. But I opened and no other employee has come in yet, let alone the manager. I don’t know how she thought she’d get away with that lie because even if he was here I’d ask him if he agreed to that]
 
Me: Ma’am I’ve been working alone all morning so there is no way that you could’ve talked to my manager. Even so like I said yesterday we are sold out of physical copies and haven’t received another shipment yet.

*She looked annoyed*

EM: Well he gave me his cell phone number and that’s how I called him.

Me: No employee at this store would give out their personal number.

EM: Well-

I cut her off 

Me: You can always download the game from the e-shop on your son’s switch if you have access to internet.

EM: Of course I have internet! I am a working mother and I make plenty of money to pay for internet!

Me: Then you should have no trouble getting him the game that way.

EM: Why didn’t you tell me that yesterday?!

Me: Well if you waited in line like every other customer and let me properly help you out I would’ve told you about the option.

EM: If you we’re better employee then you would’ve helped me first because I was upset.

Me: I help people in the order of the line.

EM then gave me a death stare and walked out of the store.

I have a question for you guys... when she took the empty case she was obviously trying to steal the game right? I’m not just making an assumption?

Also I’m assuming that she didn’t think my manager told me that she said I sold it to her empty and since he wasn’t in the store she just dropped that whole story.

Sorry if this wasn’t the big confrontation you hoped for but I’m satisfied with what happened. You guys are all great!/nAlright. This might be a bit long, but I found it really funny, so bear with me.

I'm on mobile, blah blah blah, I'm an elephant

A but of back story: Me, my wife, my friend, and my friends wife (me and my friend have been friends since the 2nd grade) kinda collectively own a small coffee shop in a small town in Canada. All of the food and coffee we make is made in the kitchen by hand, and there are only ever the four of us. We all have our little dutys, so the place runs fine, if a bit slow. My wife and I make all of the food, while my friend makes the coffee and roasts the beans and my friends wife (who is the only non-introvert amount us) works as a cashier. Its a roaring good time, and i really cant think of a job i would rathe rhave. Anyway, We are a fairly popular place, and due to our ways of making food we usually sell out by 11 in the morning or so. We will still have the occasional sandwich or sausage roll left, but it's mostly gone.
On the the main story:
One Monday afternoon we were just kinda chilling. My friends wife was sick, so I was manning the font. I have no people skills, but i was doing ok. We were just making the food and coffee, telling jokes, and just generly having a good time. Of course, that was quickly stopped by a dark presence entering the shop

The cast:
Karen= Entitled Mother
SEB= Stupid entitled brat
Friend= Cool coffee dude
Wife= genaraly just amazing human
BOD= random old black dude (being black had relevance)
Me= ancient God of an old city

Karen walks in with SEB, and the following conversation ensues

Karen: Hi! Can I have 2 sausage rolls, a Greek salad  and an extra large espresso?
 
This is a good time to mention that all of the food we have is displayed in a glass case, and there were clearly no sausage rolls or Greek salads

Me: sorry ma'am, we only have the expresso left. Would you still like one of those, or a sandwich? We still have a few of those left.

Karen: But the menu outside says that the sausage roll is your daily special!

Me: yes, so they sold out quickly. If you wait 5-10 minutes we can make you a fresh one.

SEB: Mommy, I want one NOW!

Karen: Give SEB one! The board says you have them

Me, slightly exasperated: ma'am, I've told you! We are sold out of sausage rolls, and greek salads. Do you want a sandwich?

SEB: Mommy, I'm really hungry! I wanna sausage roll!

Karen: I know you have some! You are probably hiding them so you can eat them yourselfs! You also probably spit on all your food! Now give SEB one, now! 

Me, totally done with her: ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. Also, why do you want one if we spit in them?

Karen, doing the standard Karen screech: FUCK YOU!IM NOT LEAVING UNTILL MY ANGEL GETS HIS FOOD. HE HAS HAD GREAT GRADES AND DESERVES TO BE HAPPY! IF YOU KEEP HOARDING IT I WILL REPORT YOU THE THE POLICE FOR DISCRIMINATION AND COOKING WITHOUT A LICENCE!

Me and my friend, both in total shock: what!?

Now, we have our cooking licence thing hanging on the wall right above the counter, so I have no idea what she was talking about.

Karen, looking smug: that's right. Now give me a sausage roll. NOW!

Me: ma'am, our licence is right there! *points to the liscanse hanging right above me*

Karen: that looks fake! You probably forged it!

Now, this is when this badass old dude comes up to her.

BOD: ma'am, I don't know if you have disfuntional eyes or if you're just stupid, but they have a real licence right there! *points to it with his cane*

Karen, turning around to look at him: this isn't your problem, old n*gger! And then the total bitch of a human slapped him. This fucking bitch had the audacity to slap him! Me and my friend just stood there in shock, while Karen was glaring daggers at us.

SEB: I'm really really hungry mommy! I need food now!

Karen tried to reach over the counter to grab a sandwich, when a hand stopped her. My wife walked out of the kitchen, and a bomb blew up behind her as action music played. (Kidding, it's just for drama) Now, my wife is African American, so she took the N*gger comment VERY seriously. 

Wife: Get. Out. Now.

Karen: um, i don't think so. Who do think you are?

Wife: the person that will report you to the police for assault, attempted theft, and about 5 other charges. Now get out of the store.

Now, normally my wife is easy going and really nice. This was probably the most serious I've ever seen her, and I was kinda scared. Me and my friend were just kinda watching this, wishing we had popcorn

Karen turned slightly pale, and simply said "come on SEB. let's go eat somewhere good. 

Just as they were leaving, the old man (who had just gotten back up after sitting down due to the slap) called after them "HEY! YOU WANTED A SAUSAGE ROLL?" And threw his half eaten one right at Karen's head. Let me tell ya, Karen's karen screech was the most beautiful sound I've ever heard.




Well, that's my story. Sorry there was no police called or anything, but I still found it funny. Side note: I never worked at the counter again.

Edit: thanks a million for the gold kind human!

Edit 2: this happend about 2 years ago and Karen has not been seen since

Edit 3: Quite a few people were wondering so I thought I'd clear it up. The only people in the shop at the time of this happening were me, my wife, my friend, the demons, and the badass old dude./nIn the mid-1980's I was a furloughed airline pilot, and like most of my furloughed brethern went off in a mad search for a flying job until business picked up for our employer and we got called back. As luck would have it, I found a gig as Captain on a Dassault Falcon 50EX operated by an aircraft charter company.

The Falcon 50 is a mid-sized, three engine business jet, and a truly pleasant airplane to fly. I had been previously qualified on it, so I made a nice fit for the charter operator. People who spend $5K or so per hour to charter a mid-size jet are, by definition, prone to a sense of entitlement. 

It came to pass one day that we were to pickup a woman and her 10 year old child at Denver Stapleton, and take them to Orlando (think Disneyworld). On the ramp at the appointed time, aircraft cleaned, fueled and catered. First officer and I have reviewed the weather package, confirmed that our flight plan has been correctly entered and are waiting peacefully in the cockpit, door closed.

Passenger arrives, greeted by the flight attendant. When the cabin door is closed and locked we'll start engines and wait for the flight attendant to let us know that the safety briefing has been given. This happens, we taxi out and depart, no muss, no fuss. 

Climbing through about FL 250 (25,000 feet) the flight attendant calls the cockpit. "Hey, John the lady wants to visit the cockpit with her son."

Me: "You know we cannot do that. Company rules, plus FAA rules."

Ah well. Silence resumes and the climb continues. Ten minutes later and we're level at our cruising altitude.

The call light comes on.

Attendant: "Mrs. Richlady demands that you come back here and talk to her."

ME: Sorry, not going to do that. 

Not that I think it is going to help, but at this point I turn the Fasten Seat Belt sign back on. "Folks, this is the Captain. I've turned on the Fasten Seat Belt Sign. We're expecting some moderate turbulence along our route of flight. Please return to your seats at this time."

Okay, so I lied. But not ten minutes later there is a pounding on the cockpit door. Call for the flight attendant. No answer. Now I'm getting concerned. I hear the woman yelling, but cannot make out what she's saying. Debating what to do when the cockpit door comes off its track and is forced open.

The entitled mom (EM) says brightly, "There now, that is ever so much better. Now we can have a nice conversation can't we? I think you need to be much more cooperative considering what I'm paying to ride on this thing."

At this point EM notices that there is a sideways facing seat just behind the copilot's seat (this is called the jump seat). And she continues, "My son wants to the fly the airplane and I'm going to sit on this nice seat and watch and take some pictures for his scrapbook. Now have this guy in the right seat leave the cockpit so my son can sit in his seat and fly the airplane."

First Officer (good pilot, smart man too) rolls the ATC Transponder code to 7500 and hits the ident button to let air traffic control we're being unlawfully interfered with. 

EM informs us that there will be consequences if we don't comply with her wishes and then says, darkly, "Your flight attendant knows about consequences".

At this point we hear a resounding noise and discovered that our flight attendant has smacked EM in the head with a coffee carafe. 

Everything from here on is pretty anticlimatic. We restrained her (zip ties are wonderful) diverted into St. Louis and had her arrested (U.S. Marshals are wonderful people). Through all this, the kid had apparently remained in his seat, reading a book. 

As he was leaving the aircraft, he said goodbye to the flight attendant, and then said, "I didn't want to go to Disneyworld anyway."

Just another glorious day in the pointy end.

Postscript: the flight attendant had a black eye and a facial laceration that resulted from trying to keep the woman away from the cockpit.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nThis is a story that my dad told me about since I was five years old at the time. But I ESPECIALLY remember one part of it, because that was the part where I nearly drowned. In the mornings during the weekends the local swimming pool would host private swimming club called the Dolphins for young kids aged 4-9  to teach them how to swim. The lessons lasted from 11am to 1pm and during this time they wouldn't let anyone in unless they were a part of the Dolphins. My dad used to bring me to the Dolphins every Saturday morning. Usually after the lesson was over, the kids would be allowed to half an hour to play in the water before they went home. Some parents would sit on the benches next to the pool and watch them swim and others were in the pool with their kids.

On this particular day the lesson was about practising holding our breath. After lessons I decided to practise holding my breath underwater. The exercise I did was to try to sit on the bottom of the pool at the shallow end (1 metre deep) and stand up when I needed to take a breathe of fresh air. On this particular instance I was feeling brave so I sat and tried to hold my breath as long as possible. Suddenly I heard a splash above my head and looked up and there was this giant rubber floaty mat above my head. This thing was as big as as a queen sized mattress. I was running out of air, so I stood up and my head hit the floaty. I tried to push it upwards, but this thing was ungodly heavy, especially for a five year old. I couldn't stand up, so now I couldn't walk along the bottom of the pool. Now I began to panic. I tried to get out from underneath the floaty, but I couldn't swim yet, so I tried to crawl out, but I barely moved. I frantically started to flap my arms, thinking that I was swimming, but I didn't move. My Dad who had been watching me noticed my frantic splashing and dived into the pool, shoved the giant floaty mattress out of the way and pulled me up out of the water. As I surfaced, I heard another splash and saw an 11 year old looking kid fall off the floaty mattress into the water. THE MATTRESS WAS SO GOD DAMN HEAVY BECAUSE HE WAS SITTING ON IT.

I started to sob from the shock and from inhaling chlorine water. The kid pulled himself out of the water and ran over to the benches.

ENTER. ENTITLED. MOTHER.

She started screaming at my dad for pushing her pwecious angel into the pool. My dad is PISSED and starts screaming back at her that her kid plopped his floaty mat on top of me and that I could have drowned. The Lifeguard saw the whole thing and came over.

&#x200B;

Life Guard: Hey, what's the problem?

&#x200B;

Dad: HER kid dropped his float on top of CinnamonEevee. She couldn't get out from under it. She almost drowned!

&#x200B;

Life Guard, to EM: Did he do it deliberately? Or was it by accident?

&#x200B;

EM: Of course he did it deliberately! Why would her not?! He was just playing!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: You're not allowed to do anything that could endanger other swimmers. I'm going to have to ask you to leave.

&#x200B;

EM: But why?! \*EK's name\* is allowed to do anything he wants! He sits on his mat on top of other people all the time and he never get's in trouble for it in other pools! So why is it an issue here?!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: Because it's dangerous. Especially to non swimmers.

&#x200B;

You can here the gears in EM's mind turn as she processes what's just been said to her.

&#x200B;

Em: If she can't swim then she has no business being here! Why would anyone bring a kid to a pool if she can't swim?!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: Because she's a Dolphin, that's why.

&#x200B;

EM: Are you retarded?! She is not a dolphin! She is a f\*\*\*ing kid!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: No, the Dolphins is the name of our Swim Club. She's taking part in our swimming lessons. Though your kid must be part of the Dolphins if he's here.

&#x200B;

EM: No, my kid isn't part of those sh\*\*ty Dolphins.

&#x200B;

Suddenly the Life Guard's eyes go wide. *PLOT TWIST.* EK ISN'T PART OF THE DOLPHINS. HE ALMOST DROWNED ME AND HE'S NOT EVEN ALLOWED TO BE HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: Then why are you here?!

&#x200B;

EM: I just wanted to take my kid to have some fun! Is that so much to ask with out being wrongfully harassed?!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: The swimming pool is closed to the public while the Dolphins are on. You're not even allowed to be here. How did you get past the front desk?

&#x200B;

EM: I can come here whenever I want! Why can't you just let \*EK's real name\* play?!

&#x200B;

Life Guard: Because these are private lessons! Go home!

&#x200B;

Then EM starts spouting BS about how kids who can't swim shouldn't be allowed to be in the swimming pool and that we are selfish for hogging the pool to ourselves and blah blah blah. Apparently EK shoved me back into the water and I freaked out again. After that, the Life Guard escorted them out while she and her kid were screaming obscenities at us. My dad took me home and he put on Finding Nemo for me so that I would be less afraid of the water.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nHi, I'm back. This is an update on this story I uploaded about a week ago
https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b4bqj5/crazy_entitled_mum_yells_at_me_for_turning_her/?utm_source=reddit-android
This happened yesterday, and I thought I should tell you about it.

Me- no idea who that is

Gf- girlfriend

Em- enititled mum

K- kid

So me and my gf were at Walmart to get some basic stuff just to get us through until pay day. My gf was getting the stuff we wanted while I was admiring the guns they had on sale, even though in America I'm not old enough to own one in Bulgaria we had quite a few (my older brothers liked guns) and I was being reminded of home.
The next thing I knew my gf was next to me.

Gf: "that crazy mom is here"

Me: "the crazy mum?...oh, shit. Let's leave quick, do you have all of the stuff?"

Gf: "yeah"

We hurried over to the checkout and groaned, there were three people in front of us, carts full. We were about to go for another checkout when who should step in line but the Em and her poor K.
Now, let me make this clear we hadn't had any problems with this mum in days, in fact we had barely seen her. Her son is really nice and kind (he apologised for her previous outburst) so I do feel sorry for the kid.
Anyway, we heard a tutting behind us and turned around to face her. She was stood there, obviously annoyed with the lack of moving line, but was looking directly at us, she was looking my gf up and down, tutting. At the time my gf was wearing a white Dead Meat hoodie and a miniskirt, now when I say miniskirt I mean it was pretty short...I liked it.
Seeing as the Em hasn't caused a problem yet we ignore her, until we gear this sneering comment.

Em: "how is dressing that slutty allowed?"

I didn't realise what she said at first because, having lived in England, I was more used to the word slag but my gf did, and she did not like it at all. I told her to ignore it but she wasn't listening she had turned around to confront Em.

Gf: "Excuse me?"

Em: "Oh look, the bastard has himself a slutty little girlfriend, guess he isn't a faggot after all"

I actually took a step back, it seemed unbelievable to me that someone could be so antagonistic. The lady just in front of us turned around and looked as if she was about to say something, but turned away, the cashier looked like she was about to die and looked at me with pity.
My gf was speechless but that was nothing compared to what she said next.

Em: "Ha, I bet you're only his girlfriend because he raped you and now you're pregnant and don't want him to leave you, that's why you're dressing so slutty, so that another guy will swoop in and take you away."

That's it, I thought, I'm about to go to prison for snapping her neck, but then I noticed that K was gone and took the opportunity to remove myself from the situation and look for him. As I left I saw everyone in the lines face, a mix of shock and disgust.
After I got a few aisles away I found K stood on his tiptoes trying to grab something from the top shelf. I squatted down to his level.

Me: "Hi there, what are you doing over here?"

K: "I don't like it when mom yells, so I came over here to grab this."

Me: "Y'know you shouldn't run off without telling your mum, what if something went wrong?"

K: "I guess."

At this point I could hear the raised voices getting closer but didn't register it.

Me: "How about we go back to your mum eh?"

K: "okay"

Me: *handing him 2 dollars* "Get yourself some chocolate or something"

K: "Thank you!" *he smiled*

He managed to get half of his hand onto the object he was grabbing, but pulled it off of the shelf too hard. I yanked him out of the way as the object hit the ground where he was standing. I looked down and smiled at him before a shrill shriek broke the air.

Em: "He's trying to kidnap my son! You can all see, he's holding my son!"

Me: *Gently lowering the kid to the ground* "No, he almost got hit by that toy, I stopped him."

Em: "Obvious lies! You are a child molester and a rapist and I am calling the police!"

Me: "Well if you were a good mother your kid wouldn't be in danger you fat, filthy bitch!"

I saw that the kid was uncomfortable and left Em stood there, gasping like a fish out of water.
I rejoined my gf who had paid and headed back to our car. The second we got in my gf hugged me and began sobbing I drove home and put her to bed with some nice, homemade  soup.
/nSo this is my first post here

I work at my local supermarket, obviously we have all sorts of idiots and entitled buffoons come in, but this one clearly takes the cake

So this mother came up to my checkout lane and started putting stuff on the belt.  Apparently she decided to give her kid the box of oreos she was buying, and he elected to tear through that shit like there was no tomorrow.  So she pulls it away from him, situation ensues:

(EM, Me, you know the drill)

EM: Tony, put those down!

She turns to me now with a half eaten box

EM: oh I'm sorry, could I get a refund for these

Me: um, ma'am you haven't bought those yet

EM: yes I have, and I can't use them now, can you give me a refund

Me: ma'am you haven't bought them, now you have to, that'll be 5 bucks (roughly)

EM: um, no, I bought these and now I want my money back

Now I don't know if this was some god awful scheme or if she was actually this stupid but either way

Me: ma'am I cannot give you a refund on a product you haven't bought

EM: you'll give me a GOD DAMN REFUND

at this point she pulls out a taser and starts waving it in my direction, I hit the button to trigger the silent alarm, the cops are now on the way

EM: give me my god damn refund you idiot

Me: look ma'am, I can go get the manager, maybe he can help

EM: fine, go get the fucking manager

So I go back and get him, and he goes out and talks to her, I didn't hear what they said because I cowered in the office for fear of being tased but the cops showed up after about 4 minutes and arrested her, so it was a hell of a Friday/nSo a few years ago, as a present for graduating from uni, my parents took me on holiday to Tenerife. This was a pretty big deal for me: I have severe mental health problems including PTSD and agoraphobia which make travelling pretty much impossible. However, I'd been fairly stable in recovery for a while and thought this would be a great opportunity to challenge myself. As most of my triggers are sensory, I popped an eye-mask and noise-cancelling headphones in my hand luggage thinking that would help me get through the flight. Oh, how wrong I was.

Everything was going surprisingly well up until we boarded the flight. In the row behind us was a mother (EM) and her two children (aged around 4-5 & 8), the younger of which was crying from boarding. I went to pop in my headphones and discovered they'd broken since arriving at the airport. My mam was nice enough to let me borrow hers (which unfortunately weren't noise-cancelling) and whilst my anxiety was skyrocketing, things weren't unbearable. It sucked my headphones broke, but ey, these things happen.

About ten minutes after takeoff, I felt a jolt in the back of my seat. The crying child had began to boot the back of my seat as hard as her little legs could. Trying to control my breathing and twitching, I turned around and kindly informed EM that her child was kicking my seat. EM looked up from her tablet, smiled and nodded at me; I assumed she was going to deal with the situation and put my headphones back in. The kicking continues. I begin to get a nasty flashback, so my mam (who was aware of the situation) let EM know her crying child was still kicking my seat and that I had major sensory issues it was impacting. EM says there's nothing she can do and suggests I swap seats with my mam, to the one in front of EM.

At this point, EM hadn't behaved unreasonably. I know my disability is my problem, some random shouldn't have to accommodate it. So I swapped seats with my mam and focused on trying to stop panicking and dissociating. This is where EM started acting like a colossal bellend. Around five minutes after I move, she puts her child on her lap and the child resumes kicking my seat. I swap back to my original seat and she puts the child back behind me. I swap with my dad, who had the seat in front of the older child as that child had been placid all flight. My mam hears EM whisper something to her older child and they immediately begin kicking my seat, substantially harder than the smaller child. Crying my eyes out, I return to my OG seat and proceed to have continuous panic attacks and flashbacks over the next hour as my mam tries her best to help me through them. Eventually, the child begins shoving her hands through the gaps in the seat, grabbing near my neck (a major trigger). I completely break down. My mam again asks EM to please try and control her child. EM responded that her kids were just bored and could do whatever they wanted including grabbing people; who were we to tell her how to raise her kids? Knowing making a scene would make things worse, my mam just turned around and just helps me get through the flight.

Unfortunately, there's no happy epilogue to this story. The whole mess continued until arrival and we never seen them again. Thankfully our return was a lot easier, but I haven't been on a flight since. Whilst this EP is nowhere near as shitty as some of the others on this sub and I have to take some of blame in this story as I probably wasn't ready to be flying, I thought the fact she seemed to encourage her kids to behave like little wank stains made it appropriate for this sub. I also forgot to mention that mid-flight she ordered tuna melts for her and her brood, but thankfully nasty smells aren't a trigger for me so she just mildly annoyed everyone around her. It was so petty, my family got a good laugh out of it later.  


  
**Super late edit:**  
Thank you all so much for the kind responses! Totally shocked this blew up the way it did as I thought it paled in comparison to some of the other stories out there. Your kind words have really helped me put things in perspective and I feel a lot less guilty about flying when I wasn't totally ready. I'm still getting messages asking the same things over a week later so I thought I'd respond to the more frequent questions through an edit. Sorry for not replying earlier but I've been crazy busy!

My PTSD is C-PTSD stemming from abuse, DV and rape. I'm actually about to finish EMDR therapy which has helped me tremendously, so I'm doing a lot better now! The main reason we didn't call a flight attendant was due to fear of the situation escalating. I've unfortunately had a number of experiences with authority figures who haven't really understood how to deal with mental illness and have unintentionally exacerbated the situation (e.g. ringing for emergency medical care, shouting at me to calm down and touching me to try and comfort me). My family knows about these incidents so my mam helped me hide the state I was in from the flight attendants. I also have no idea what airline it was, as it happened so long ago and my mam organised the flights. I didn't lose my temper at the time as I was too busy dealing with panic attacks and flashbacks, though I was pretty incensed later! To end on a positive note: I forgot to add that I'm planning to fly again in the near future as I'm organising a holiday with my best friend. She doesn't take shit from anyone, so if we encounter any parents who feel entitled to fuck with us, they'll have to face her wrath./nPosted yesterday about how an EP at my school got involved when her daughter didn't win homecoming princess, and some people asked if I had any other stories. This involves the same EP and daughter, but takes place a year later, when I was a junior. Again, I'm not directly involved, but the victim in this story was (and still is) one of my closest friends. He'll be referred to as A, the daughter is still V, and the mom is EP.  

Also, in all honesty I and our other friends found the entire situation to be fucking hilarious, both during and after it happened. A is a very lackadaisical, happy go lucky kind of guy, and it just seemed fitting that he would be the one who'd get caught up with V & EP. Onto the story!


So for those who didn't read the previous story, EP is now the freshman counselor at my high school, and her daughter V was now a senior. I ended up having class with her (newspaper/yearbook) after the co-princess debacle of the previous year and my impression of V was that she seemed a *little* entitled, but besides that was social and hard working. She was in charge of the sports pages for the yearbook and always met her deadlines, so she was OK in my book.

Now V & A were both on the swim team, A being a junior like me. Like I said before, A is the definition of "go with the flow," but he does have a good work ethic, took AP classes, and was active in several other groups, including the very rigorous architecture and engineering program. In addition to this though, A was a stoner on the side and went to his fair share of parties. Somewhat important later.


One day in newspaper, in like mid-April or early May, I noticed that V was excitedly giggling about something in our classroom. The yearbook had already been submitted, so their staff was basically riding the school year out. I didn't pay very much attention to it until my friend B whispered at me "did you just hear V? She's going to ask A to prom!" 

*For the non-American readers, prom is just an end of the year dance held for the juniors and seniors. It's basically like a farewell to your high school life and kids will go all out for it, renting limousines, posing for formal photos and paying out the wazoo for attire.*

I turned around a bit to look at V and noticed that she had a whole bag of stuff next to her, and was working on a card. I've know A since we were 12 years old and I knew he didn't like V in that way, but hey, it wasn't my business and I had work to do, so I pushed it out of my head. Two or three days later, I overheard her happily talking about how he said yes, how *excited* he seemed, and how she was going dress shopping ASAP with EP after school. At that point, I really wanted to hear A's perspective on all of this. 

I swung by his house after class with the homies to find him lazing about smoking in his room with a bunch of balloons and some confetti in his hair. We all talked for a while until he said "oh yeah, dunno if you heard but apparently I'm taking V to prom." 

I confessed that I heard her talking about it earlier that week, to which he replied "Wtf larniebarney, you could've warned me before she ambushed me." 

Ambushed? 

That's when I finally got the full proposal story. V left a series of cards for A, placing one on his car after school, another in his swim bag, another in his locker and architecture station, hinting for him to be in the main hallway after third lunch (when there'd be a ton of students). She then dropped a banner that rolled down the stairwell that said something like "A, I hope you'll *step up* and take me to prom!".

Obviously, with a third of the student body milling about, people started 'Oooooing' and cheering, waiting for A to give his answer. In A's words: "honestly I wasn't feeling it, I'd rather stay home and play some games instead of spending money to go to prom, but I couldn't just walk away from all of that, she's my teammate."

So he walked up the stairs, gave her a hug and said he accepted. Crowd cheers, two of V's friends come out of nowhere and hand A a bunch of balloons (against school rules), toss confetti over A & V (very against school rules), then play music on a Bluetooth speaker while EP takes pictures and video of the whole affair. A spent the rest of the day having students ask when the wedding was and congratulating him on becoming the new co-prince (lol).

After our laughter died down, I told him that V seemed to think he was really looking forward to this, and that tbh it sounded like she had a crush on him. I remember he shrugged, smiling, and said "well that's flattering, but I'm just going to take her to prom, help her have a good time, then walk away from this and let the school year end."

Well he should've told V that, because in her mind, they were totally dating. She spent the next week following A around, hammering out plans for prom, getting his opinion on this or that color for her dress, deciding where they were going to go eat dinner, etc. EP is also taking the opportunity to talk to him in the hallway, gushing about how they make the perfect pair and how wonderful they're going to look together. As far as the student body is concerned, they're dating. A took all of this in stride, still telling himself (& us) that this was only until after prom, then everything would be back to normal.

Prom weekend finally comes and goes, and a few days pass before I see A again. I beat around the bush for a bit before finally asking him how it all went. Without missing a beat, A cheerfully responds "oh, I totally fucked up."

The gist was this; V asked A if he'd like to come to a family barbecue the day before prom, as a thank you for accepting in the first place. Never one to reject free food, he accepted. During the BBQ though, V & EP repeatedly introduced A as V's *boyfriend.* A didn't have the heart to correct either of them in the moment but was planning to after the event ended, until EP introduced him to the assistant dean of the engineering department from a major university. 

After gushing about how talented her new future son in law was in our school's engineering program, the dean said that with EP's recommendation, he'd love to have A come in to interview for a potential scholarship. At that point, all of A's plans to tell V and EP that they weren't dating began to crumble. The next day, after taking V to prom, she stole a kiss from him and said "oh by the way, mom is bringing some recruiters from X University to our swim meet to recruit you! She said she'll do whatever it take to help my new boyfriend get into a good school."

At this point, while I think it's super fucked up that EP is doing this, I am dying from laughter. A doesn't want to make V's final month of high school suck by breaking up with her, and he's also low key anxious about what EP might do to his chances of getting a scholarship if he breaks her daughter's heart. So, in true A fashion, he decides that he'll just keep up the charade until school ends in a month, then hope V moves on (she was going way out of state for college).

For the next month, EP and V smother A whenever they can. Brunch & dinner dates on the weekends, impromptu recruiters swinging by A's classes with EP who very much likes calling A her son in law, V not-so-subtly suggesting that A follow her to her out of state school when he graduates, etc. School ends, V graduates, and starts getting ready to move away for college. A purposely doesn't return her text messages or calls, and eventually she leaves the state. We all have one last laugh and assume it's all over.

Wrong.

When school starts back up again, EP finds A and starts asking why he hasn't contacted V all summer? And why he didn't come to see her off? And why he didn't buy her a going away present? Then she hints that she would *hate* to have set up all those opportunities for him for nothing. A finally stands his ground and declares that... he was just very busy with family matters all summer and didn't want to be a hassle to V during such a critical time.

EP accepts this and doesn't bother A for the remainder of the semester. Everything seems OK until December, when A gets a call from V. She's coming home for the holidays and wants to see her boyfriend. At this point, all of A's friends (myself included) *insist* that he finds a way to end this nonsense. A comes up with a plan.

As I said before, despite being a very good student, A is a huge pothead and liked going to parties. V however, never knew this side of A and is very much against drug use. So A decides to get stupid high, have a few beers and meets her at an IHOP smelling dank as fuck, then tells her that since she left, he's begun using drugs (lmfao). He says that he stopped contacting her because he knew she wouldn't approve and thinks she should break up with him and find someone at her new university who's better for her.

Without missing a beat, V declares that she's willing to *leave her out of state university and transfer back to our city to help him drop his addiction, because he clearly needs her.* A can't believe it, and finally doubles down, *insisting* that she can't mold her future around him and that she should think about herself first. V finally gives in, and after a rather tearful goodbye, goes back to her school and stops contacting A. 

EP never talked to A again about V (she'd always give him a major stink eye though), and all the recruiters she introduced him to stopped contacting him about scholarships. She also made a few snide remarks in front of other teachers about him possibly being "a druggie," and even tried to get the school police to search his locker, but no one took her seriously because A at this point was the president or captain of multiple clubs and was still an excellent AP student. 


In the end though, a 6 week internship he got through the school engineering program ended up offering him a job after high school, complete with a program that paid for him to go to college. He's got a pretty neat job working as a graphic designer now and still gets absurdly stoned on the weekends.

*EDIT: I texted A to link this to him and his girlfriend answered; he's in surgery right now! Tore through three ligaments in his leg. Keep this nerd in your thoughts! May update if I find out more.*

*EDIT #2: A's mcl, pcl and acl gave out due to an injury that happened in November. He's out of surgery and at home now, but he'll be out of commission for a while.*/nBack by popular demand! I worked as a Front Desk Supervisor for a hotel for 3 years, and as I mentioned in my last post, hockey parent EP’s were some of the worst. The worst team to visit was from California. They were affluent, cocky, and inconsiderate. Already that week there were altercations with staff of color and other hockey parents, and we were glad we quarantined them to the top (8th) floor, away from other teams.

&#x200B;

The last night of the tournament lined up with a big fight on PPV, and the EP’s were slowly filtering back from a sports bar down the road. I was on the late shift this time, and the Head of Security (we’ll call him Don) and I were laughing it was almost peaceful. Around 11pm, we get a call from a frantic guest, saying their bathroom light was ‘raining’.

&#x200B;

I sent engineering up to the 5th floor and a few moments later, he calls out on the radio he needs Don, and the other 2 engineers immediately. Then the kitchen manager radioed, saying part of the ceiling collapsed and water had flooded into the kitchen. Another call rang out from Housekeeping, saying the same thing just happened in the laundry room and break room adjacent to the kitchen.

&#x200B;

All the flooding reports were from the same wing of the building, and we just renovated rooms on that side. We were concerned something happened to a water pipe somewhere during construction, but the head engineer wouldn’t be back until morning. We get another call, this time from a business man on the 8th floor, water was flowing into his room from the hallway, and Don heads up there.

&#x200B;

Don comes back down about 30 minutes later, furious, and soaked up to his shins. One of the California EP’s got wasted, then decided he wanted a bath. He plugged up the tub and turned the nozzle on high. He then went to sit on the couch, and fell asleep with the water still on. Based on the timeline talking with other parents and EP's son (who left the room when his dad came back drunk), the tub had most likely been running for hours. The EP was still plastered, and Don left him up there in the care of a fellow hockey parent so he could decide what to do with the General Manager (GM) in the morning.

&#x200B;

I gave the rundown to the overnight staff and told them I would be back in the morning to relieve them. It was one of the few times I was glad to have back-to-back close / open shifts, because I could see how the whole story played out.

&#x200B;

The next morning, the GM and Head Engineer were still wracking up the cost of the damage, but it was easily over $10,000. In addition to his own room, he damaged recently renovated rooms on floors 8 through 4, and once it got to the 3rd floor it followed the wiring / pipes through the walls down to the kitchen, laundry room and lifeguard break rooms, where it busted through the ceiling. There are safeguards in hotels to deal with the occasionally overflow tub or toilet, but the volume from the constantly running tub was enough to overpower the system.

&#x200B;

It was up to me to get a copy of EP's ID and get the GM when he arrived. EP comes down 2 hrs after checkout time, his hair well done and wearing a Rolex the size of my head. I knocked on the desk twice to signal my front desker to get backup, while I talked with EP. When I asked for ID, he got ugly.

&#x200B;

EP: There is no reason you need my ID.

&#x200B;

Me: I’m afraid there is, sir. I have been instructed to get a copy for our records, as there was some significant damage during your stay.

&#x200B;

EP: *\*leaning in, laughing smugly\** Look lady, if your shit hole can’t withstand a little water, that’s not my problem. I build hotels in California, ones that make this place look like a crack house. I know for a FACT hotels are supposed to have systems to prevent flooding.

Me: Yes, sir, they do. But in this case-

&#x200B;

EP: I know you’re only doing this because I make more money in a minute than you will see in your entire life, but you don’t wanna go down this road with me.

&#x200B;

I just smiled politely, and reiterated he needed to hand over his ID, then the GM came whipping around the corner. He relieved me to go on break, but I heard the GM say “I am trying to handle this civilly. If you want to make this difficult, I’m sure the police would be thrilled to accommodate you.”

&#x200B;

I know they filed a claim with insurance, but I don’t know much of what happened after that. I hope he paid for every penny.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you guys for the support and the silver!

To clarify, the total damage cost was way over $10,000, but I never found out what the grand total was. The last figure the Head Engineer told me was "Easily over $10,000" So I left it at that./nSo this is my first Reddit post, and it's on mobile, so I'm sorry if it isn't typed great. Now, I know this isn't as mental as some of the other posts on here, but I thought it deserved to be here

So, a little background. I do archery and, having done so for almost 3 years now, have become reasonably good, being on one occasion asked to shoot for my county (I live in the U.K.) 

I was at another clubs competition shoot, and quite quickly I notice that there aren't many other kids my age (15). To be exact, there was two girls I knew and disliked (they were the "popular" sort of girls who looked down on people who didn't have the latest phone or whatever) and one guy(SK, for Show-off Kid). So I started talking to him whilst I set up my recurve bow, and find out he's on the target next to mine. Cool. He seems a little showy-offy, but I didn't make a big deal out of it. His mum (EM) has come with him (mine has not as I have a younger brother and sister, and she and my dad were trying to put some flooring down in the dining room, so they dropped me off and went home. No biggie, honestly I prefer to shoot more or less on my own). I speak to his mum a little, but the shoot begins and I have to go up for my sighters.

Around two hours later, we are nearing the end of the shoot. It has gone really well for me, and I look set on getting my personal best. (The targets are numbered one to ten, with then being the inner gold and one being the outer white on a conventional target. We shoot in ends of three arrows, 20 ends in total. This is called a Portsmouth shoot). Meanwhile SK has not been doing so well, and as I have kept quiet about my score he seems to assume he is doing better.

After the final end, the scores are drawn. Categories are split into Male and Female Adult, and Male and Female Junior. He is called up for second place, with 362 points. Absolutely not a bad score, but I can tell he is fuming. I am then called up for first place. My score is 517. I was very happy with this score(scores are out of 600). As I walk up, most people are clapping, but out of the blue I hear someone booing. Loudly and obnoxiously. Looking around, I see EM on her feet , leaning towards me, booing. I decide to let it go, collect my award, and head back.

After the ceremony finishes, I am packing up my gear, and a bony hand snatches up the medal from next to me. Shocked I look up, and wadda you know, EM is walking away with it. I catch up to her, making sure my stuff is safe.

 Me: "Excuse me miss, I think you have something of mine" I point to the medal in her hand 

EM: "Excuse me?"

 Me: "My medal Miss" 

EM: (putting on that fake sweet EM voice) "I'm sorry, but I think my son deserves this more than you do. He tried really hard today, and I'm sure you wouldn't mind" 

Now, I am not a strong guy. But I am 5'11, so I can make myself seem so 

Me: "I'msure he did miss. So did I, and that's why I won it. Could you please give it back." Bear in mind I have been polite, and done nothing wrong at this point.

 EM: "How DARE you speak to me like that! You should have more respect for your elders! I should take this just for that!" She turns and stalks off. 

I am shocked, and don't even move for a full ten seconds. I then head to the Competitions Officer and explain what has happened. He promises to sort it out, and says I should carry on putting my gear away.

 Mere minutes later I hear an unearthly amount of screeching. Finishing putting my stuff away, I look up just in time to see EM and a bawling SK (seriously dude?) being led from the hall. CO come back and hands me the medal, explaining that EM had started saying I was lying, and had stolen it from SK. Despite that EVERYONE had seen the awards presentation. Realising she was screwed, as someone came to lead her out, she threw it on the ground, grabbed her hellspawn and left.

So there's we have it. Sorry it wasn't incredibly crazy, but it made my dad laugh when he picked me up. I have a couple more rattling around, so I may post them later

Edit: Thank you so much to everyone for 1k upvotes! This is my first post, and I honestly didn't expect it to take off like this! I'll definitely be writing up some more of my experiences, including some more at archery!

Edit 2: To whoever it was who gave me Silver for my story, thank you so so much! I didn't expect anything from my stories, and the feedback I have got from the Reddit community has just been awesome!

Edit 3: 2k upvotes... on a first post... Thank you all so much for this, I'll be posting another soon!

Edit 4: At 3k upvotes now, this is just incredible...

Edit 5: 4K upvotes and someone has given me Platinum, I can't thank you all enough for this!/nHello everybody, title is kinda TL;DR.

So I've been scrolling throught this sub for quite a time wondering if any of the storys here are actually true. And then today happened. First of all I drive a red 2005 BMW 3 Series. Nothing too fancy but I really like my car and I'm kinda proud of it because I'm "only" 22 (looking a lot younger,  relevant for the story) and bought it with my own money. Why do I tell you that? Well flexing of course. And it's the central point of the story that happened to me today.
Sorry for any mistakes, I'm German so English isn't my first language.

Well enough preamble, lets go. The cast of my story:

**EM** - Entitled Mom

**ES** - Embarrassed Son

**FC** - Friendly Cop

**Me** - Well, have a wild guess


So this happended today at my "local" Burger King. I live in a small village and we don't have a Burger King so I have to drive to the next town if I want to eat there. Todays afternoon I felt like going there so I hopped in the car and got onto the Autobahn. A couple of minutes later I leave the Autobahn and enter the parking lot of said Burger King. I leave my car, walk into the store and place my order. After a short while I get my food and leave the shop. I take the car key out of my pocket, walk towards my car and press the unlock button. While I open the door and put my bag behind the drivers seat, EM enters the scene. As I put the seat back into normal position to get ready to leave she suddenly shows up behind me.


EM:"Thats not you car. Who did you steal it from?"


Me:"I'm sorry ma'am, how can I help you?"


EM:"That car does not belong to you. Who did you steal it from? Tell me so I can tell the police!"


Me:"Ma'am this car is mine. I bought it myself with the money I earned at my job."


EM:"You're lying! You aren't old enough to have a job where you get paid well enough to own a car like this. Actually I don't even think you're old enough to drive a car."


Me:"Ma'am I own this car and I'm 22. I have my license for more than four years now so I'm very much allowed to drive a car."


EM:"No you aren't. You look like you're 16. I will call the cops on you."


Me:"Fine. Do it. They can come over and check. I own this car and I have a license. I got my license, saved my money and bought the car when I had enough. I worked hard for it."


EM:"No you haven't. Nobody your age has enough money for a car like this. My son is 18 so he's older than you are. He is working at this store [she points at the Burger King where I ordered my food] after school since he is 16 and he hasn't got enought money to buy such a car. Why should you have it when you're younger than him?"


Me:"Listen lady. I've worked in IT since I was 18. I'm a trained IT specialist and I work about 40 hours per week. I don't wanna sound cocky but I think I earn a little more money than someone who works part time at a fastfood place."


EM:"If you work 40 hours per week then why are you here in the middle of the day?"


Me[getting **a little bit** angry]:"Because I have vacations for christs sake. And I'm hungry so I took my car to get some food."


EM:"This isn't your car. Stop lying. I bet you're an unemployed drop out who stole someones fancy car and now you're here to pose with it. I'm calling the cops right now!"


EM takes her phone out of her purse and starts to call the police. After she started the call ES leaves the store through the front door and looks at me, standing in my open car door and his mom, talking on the phone. 


ES:"Excuse me, that my mom right there. Is everything allright? Is she calling someone for you?"


Me[still angry af]:"Not to be rude, but is it possible that your mom is a little retarded? She kept accusing me of stealing my car and now she calls the police."


EM:"I'M NOT RETARDED YOU LITTLE FUCK. WATCH YOU LANGUAGE!"


ES[looking at me]:"I'm sorry. She can be a little difficult sometimes."
[looking at his mom]:"Thanks for picking me up mom. Let's go."


EM:"NO! WE WILL WAIT FOR THE POLICE TO ARRIVE HERE!"


ES[very calm]:"Mom please, relax. Let's just go home. I'm sure he owns this car and just wants to go home too."


EM:"NO WAY! WE WILL WAIT UNTIL THE POLICE GETS HERE TO ARREST THIS THIEF!"


ES[looking at me]:"I'm sorry."


Me:"It's alright. It's not your fault. Let's just wait until the police arrives so your mom sees that I own this car.


Fast forwad a couple minutes, a police car arrives in the parking lot. Two policeman leave the car, look around a little and walk towards the three of us.


FC:"Hello. Did any of you report a car theft?"


EM:"Yes, I did! It's this boy right here. Arrest him officer!"


Me:"Lady I already told you. I own this car."


FC[to EM]:"Why do you think that he stole this car?"


EM:"He's way too young to even be allowed to drive a car. He can't own a car like this!"


FC[to me]:"I'm sorry sir, but can you show me you license and your car documents?"


Me:"Sure, wait a minute, I'll get them." 


I proceed to walk around the car to get my car documents out of the glove box. EM grabs me shouting:"Officer do something. He is clearly trying to run away!"


FC:"Ma'am, let him go. He is getting the documents I asked for."


EM:"NO HE ISN'T! HE IS CLEARLY TRYING TO AVOID CHARGES FOR CAR THEFT!"


FC:"Let him go ma'am!"


EM lets go of me, I walk to the other side of my car, open the glove box and hand the documents over to FC. I take out my wallet and hand over my license too. 

FC checks them an says:"Everything is allright here. Why did you call us?"


EM:"No, the car is stolen. My son is older than him an can't afford a car so this car is stolen!"


FC:"Look it's right here in these documents. The car belongs to Playmore96. That name is also on his drivers license, so this car belongs to the young man."


EM:"I don't care. The documents and the license are fake! Just do your job and arrest him, officer!"


FC:"Look man, I will ask my partner to run his license plate trough the database if that calms you, okay?


EM:"YES, DO IT. YOU WILL SEE, THIS CAR IS STOLEN!"


The other cop walks over to the car and looks up my license plate. 

A couple of minutes later he comes over and says:"I looked up the license plate. The car is registered on Playmore96, so it's his car."


EM:"NO HE STOLE THIS CAR!" She walks over to me, trying to take my car key.


Me."WHAT ARE YOU DOING? WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU, LADY?"


EM:"IT'S NOT YOU GODDAMN CAR, GIVE THE KEY TO ME. I WILL FIND THE REAL OWNER AND GIVE HIM HIS CAR BACK!"


FC:"Ma'am, please stop this or we have to arrest you!"


EM:"YOU DON'T HAVE TO ARREST ME. I DIDN'T STEAL THIS CAR. WHY DON'T YOU DO YOUR GODDAMN JOB INSTEAD OF BEEING FUCKING USELESS, OFFICER? ARREST THIS BOY!"


FC:"Ma'amm, I have to ask you to calm down. Step away from Playmore96 or we'll have to arrest you."


ES[very calm]:"Come on mom. It's his car, he said it, the cops said it. Calm down and let's go home. Please mom."


EM stops trying to steal my key and looks at her son:"Alright honey. If you want to leave now, we leave."


While walking towards her car she shouts [at me]:"I WILL GET THAT CAR BACK TO IT'S OWNER, YOU LITTLE PRICK! I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL!"

[at FC]:"YOU ARE FUCKING USELESS OFFICER. GO BACK TO YOUR OFFICE TO DRINK COFFEE OR WHATEVER! I HOPE YOU GET FIRED BECAUSE YOU AREN'T DOING YOUR JOB PROPERLY!"

EM and ES then proceed to enter their car and drive away. 


FC hands over my license and car documents:"Sorry to bother you. Do you want to press charges against EM?"


Me:"No, it's alright. I'm sorry you had to come out here to take care of this shitty situation."


FC:"That's okay. This isn't even anywhere near the worst situation I experienced this week. Have a nice day."


Me:"Thanks, you too."


FC:"Thanks."


The cops get back to their car, enter it and leave.


I finally get into my car too and leave the parking lot to drive home.


Now I'm sitting here, eating a cold chili-cheese burger and writing down this story. Knowing that EMs son works at this Burger King I guess I'll never go there again. I don't want to spend half another afternoon arguing with EM an waiting for the cops.

**TL;DR**: EM says I stole my car because her son who is younger than me doesn't own a car. She proceeds to call the cops. They telll here it's my car and everything is alright so she tries to steal my key. Her son calms her down so they leave after she swore that she will get my car back to its original owner.


**Edit:** I've corrected all the mistakes you guys found so far, so keep it coming :D
As I mentioned I might go there again using my parents car to see what would happen if I meet Karen there again.
I would love to know what worse situation the cop has seen, but you never know. It isn't a very big town like Berlin or München, but it's got some problems too. Partly with clans fighting each other, partly with illegal streetraces etc. My wild guess would be that it had something to do with one of those things.

**Edit no. 2:** Yes, Burger King in Germany has Chili Cheese Burgers. Also Chili Cheese fries and nuggets. Since those products have been very successfull for Burger King McDonald's started selling burgers like that too, allthough they aren't even half as good as the "original one" from Burger King. 
I'm very sorry for you guys that you don't have them in the US.

**Edit no. 3:** Alright alright alright guys. I'll press charges if I'll ever meet that Karen again. Everything I thought in that situation was "I can finally go home now" so I didn't felt like staying there for more time than I already spent there.

**Edit no.4(this is getting out of hand:D):** Thanks a lot for the silver <3 It's my first./nSo as crazy situations go. This is one of the most insane things I've ever been apart off.

&#x200B;

Backstory.

&#x200B;

About 6 years ago, i was 17. I met this girl local to me and we started dating. She was great. 

She was 16 at the time. Only thing was is she had a 2 year old daughter.

&#x200B;

Now the only way i could describe her backstory was coming from a broken home. Foster Care system etc etc.

She was awesome though as a mum. At the time i thought it was crazy being able to have that much responsibility 

so young. She was also around 2 months pregnant at the time of this story (not mine. about a month after we started dating). I don't judge and i was young.

&#x200B;

STORY TIME.

&#x200B;

It was a nice summer evening so we went out for a walk. 

Me-Me ofc. Gf- Girlfriend GD- Gf's Daughter EPM & EPF- Entitled Mother/Father. EB- Entitled Brat.

&#x200B;

We took our usual walk. Girlfriend was having a fake fag. she was a smoker so using it as a false placebo (important).

We were nearly home when a couple and their child walked towards us coming the other way. They also had a daughter who looked around 2..Nothing like them though, they were White, middle aged etc and EB was mixed race. 

&#x200B;

EP's and EB started talking to GD, how cute she was. the girls started blabbering to eachother like young children do. Her parents asked how old we were. We told them and they looked a bit sickened at us. Gf mentioned about her new baby coming. EP's ask me if i considered contraception..ive never been good in social situations so the first thing that i managed to say was "oh its not mine". Cue even more horrified looks.

&#x200B;

EP Mother pointed out Gfs fake fag. Gf showed her it was a fake to use as a placebo. Which didnt make much difference they were both getting more angry. Conversation goes on like.

&#x200B;

EPM - "Its just God testing us, How we can't have children and People like YOU can"

Gf - "People like me?"

EPM - "yes. Trash. Look at the state of you". (i may add we had just taken GD down to the river to play in the mud)

&#x200B;

At this point we just went to leave because it was just insulting. EPF at this point grabbed the harness GF was using to let GFD walk ahead of us. This made her fall and graze her knees. Making her cry loudly. 

&#x200B;

EPM swooped down at this point and picked her up. Gf lost it demanding to give back her daughter. EPF said he was phoning child protective services and the police because "we're incapable of looking after the child". EPM says that EB needs a sister and GFD should go home and live with them because they can offer a better quality of life.

&#x200B;

I grabbed GFD back at this point. EB is screaming because she wants a sister and people are starting to look out of their windows and come out to see what's going on. This is the heartbreaking bit.

&#x200B;

Gf is restrained by a member of the public and GFD is given to EP's to hold. the Police arrive. Child is taken by protective services and GF is questioned about how she hurt her knees. Why she is dirty & a load of other questions. CPS also did a check on Gf's flat too make sure it was suitable and overall it was a very traumatic event for her.

&#x200B;

We never heard anything about what happened to EP's and their child. it all happened quite quickly arguing for about 5 minutes loudly before the police turned up and split it all up. GFD was returned quite quickly after the checks and even though im not with her anymore i see them occasionally. The baby was also a daughter and both girls are getting on great now. 

&#x200B;

I will always feel bad for not doing more or being more useful. Can't imagine how traumatizing it must of been for her /nI apologise in advance because this is a relatively long story, but I want to give context so that you can understand my anger and frustration close to the end.


So, I have mentioned a little about my family- they're a hot mess. BOTH sides.


TL;DR Entitled Aunt expects everything for free. Is shocked when I've had enough of her crap and decide to give her answers in other languages because you don't deserve any more convenience from us.


A little backstory for some context:

Cast:

EA: Entitled Auntie

ME: Me

DC: Dumb cunt- I mean dumb cousin.

M- My mum.

Now, my mum wasn't the greatest mum, but she did take care of Poppy (my grandpa, her dad) and I'm grateful that I at least had him growing up as my role model.


Some of my family expects too much and expects help when they do nothing to show that they actually deserve it. The whole "but we're FAAAAAMILY!" doesn't work on me anymore, either.

Recently, an auntie of mine decided to get back into contact with me- not sure if she actually missed me or just missed getting the money from my mum. My auntie hasn't worked a DAY in her whole life and was basically paid by the government to pay for her being unable to close her legs.

I know that sounds super harsh, but she's a very self-entitled, rude and lazy bitch. She even got her KIDS to sell durries (cigarettes and pronounced like dah-rese) at SCHOOL. FUCKING SCHOOL. For money for herself.

I know this happened because my mum and she had a screaming match when my mum found out- I used to visit my auntie and cousins all the time to where I actually felt like they were my brothers because we were so close. However, my auntie went too far when we moved to another state and expected my mum to pay for her to come visit us... She wanted US to pay for her company. 

She didn't see her dad because she missed him, she did it for MONEY. I tried to be as positive as I could for Poppy's sake because he didn't get to see his other daughters (my mum has two other siblings), but I had enough when EA blamed my mother for my Poppy getting CANCER. FUCKING CANCER. 

I wouldn't be surprised if she thought it was contagious like the flu because she was an early high school dropout- had no book smarts or street smarts even though she lives in a very dangerous area- the kind that once it was night-time, you shouldn't leave because of muggers, drug dealers, gangs, etc. 

My eldest cousin was and still is- VERY gifted and never forgets anything. The two youngest, however, were REALLY STUPID. The youngest is 1/4 Chinese and would actually go out of his way to call every Asian he saw "Ch***s”even though he is part Chinese as well... that kind of stupid.

I'm usually a calm and collected person, but once people started BLAMING my mum for Poppy's cancer, I LOST THE PLOT. I rarely snap, but when I do, my face gets red with RAGE and shout, which I rarely do. This is what set me off:

DC: your mother caused his cancer, you know? If he didn't live there, he'd be fine...

Keep in mind this was in 2014 and I was 18 at the time...SHE WAS 26.

DC was so much of a coward that she couldn't say it to my face, but on the phone.

ME: ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME. We made him comfortable here when he moved...You guys could have taken him in when we moved (he didn't move with us straight away, he decided to stay with us because we actually treated him like a person and I missed him like crazy). You guys had the room to take him, but you didn't want to spend money on your OWN GRANDPA... If anyone, YOU LOT should be ashamed."

It was silent for a moment, then she mumbled something and hung up... then the second youngest cousin kept ringing us and harassing us too. I took care of it because my mum wanted to be there for Poppy so he wasn't alone. I took over all the chores at the house and even cooked food for my mum to take into hospital so she could at least eat a proper meal.


After about a month after he passed, we STILL got harassing calls- my mum was a mess (I was too, but my mum got so depressed that she didn't eat much and kept to herself).

EA said that she was ENTITLED to have part of her dad's cremation sent to her even though she couldn't be bothered to say goodbye to him when she could. Even my auntie who has AGORAPHOBIA (fear of going outside) came to say goodbye.

I have never yelled at EA until this point, so she was shocked and silent. Also, I have a tendency of swearing like a sailor when I'm mad. 

ME: YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME. YOU DESERVE JACK SHIT. YOU WERE TOO LAZY TO SAY GOODBYE TO POPPY WHEN HE WAS DYING IN THE HOSPITAL. YOU HAVE NO-ONE ELSE TO BLAME THAN YOUR FUCKING SELF. GROW THE FUCK UP, YOU SELF-ENTITLED, HYPOCRITICAL BITCH!

Silence...

EA: But he got cancer because of your mother...

ME: How fucking stupid are you? You can't CATCH cancer you fucking mop head. He smoked like a chimney since he was 14 and drank a lot. Of COURSE, it was going to affect him! (Keep in mind that my Poppy was born in 1942 and it was considered cool and some people even believed it had health benefits)


EA: You can't talk to me like that! I'm older than you!

ME: Really? No grown adult with common sense believes that cancer is CONTAGIOUS, you fucking wombat. You want Poppy, come get him yourself, you lazy bitch.

My Poppy already made his will and agreed for his three daughters to keep parts of his ashes if they wanted. He even put me in his will for almost $1500 because I was more like his daughter than grandchild and had never once disrespected him because I looked up to him. I didn't want the money, BTW. I just wanted some of his clothes (I know it sounds a little weird, but I was going to miss him and even his scent), his Stephen King collection because it had sentimental value to me, as he introduced me to Stephen King as a teenager and I also wanted to keep his vinyl collection because we would do a little dorky dance with each other on some of our favourite songs.

I slammed the home phone down and took deep breaths because I was so riled up that I was SHAKING. My mum looked at me, completely shocked and asked what happened. She had never seen me this angry in HER LIFE. I was the patient one in the family and the first to try to diffuse the situation.

M: What happened?! I've never heard you yell like that ever and your face is tomato red!

After I told her (giving a synopsis because EA was plain cruel in her wording), she was upset, but not surprised.

We got MORE calls after that and I told my mum that I'll get it and that she should just sit back down...
DC was screaming once I answered.: How DARE you talk to my mum like that!

Instead of carrying on with this ridiculous idiotic fight, I answered in Chinese (Mandarin). She sounded obviously confused, thinking she dialed the wrong number. DC then rang again, I answered in Chinese again. Once I hung up on her while she was yelling, I told my mum that we should block their numbers and to get a new number.

Oh by the way, the second youngest cousin has actually gone to jail for numerous things including: battery and assault, having sex with a minor (he knocked up a 15-year-old girl) and I wish I could also testify sexual assault as well, but my only proof is my PTSD. I hope he rots in prison.

I decided to share this because it's his death anniversary and my Entitled Auntie tried getting into contact me and start drama all over again. I, of course, blocked her. I still wrote her number down just in case she tried to harass my mum or others in our family that has also cut ties with her.
I don't care what you say to me, but come after my mother and I'll hunt you down.

TL;DR Entitled Aunt expects everything for free. Is shocked when I've had enough of her crap and decide to give her answers in other languages because you don't deserve any more convenience from us.

EDIT 1: If she tries to contact either of us again, I’m getting a restraining order against her because I actually have proof of her harassing us and threatening to continue to harass us- my mother in particular. I’ve screenshot everything she has sent me. She has caused severe emotional damage towards my mum as she would actually get anxiety and PANIC ATTACKS when the phone would ring.

EDIT 2: Looking back now, I’m glad in a small way that EA wasn’t there because she was the kind of person that would make anything about herself and somehow spin things to make her look like the victim. I just wish she hadn’t disappointed my Poppy and let him down like how she did.

EDIT 3: Thank you so much for the silver medals, I appreciate it and I’m glad you enjoyed my post./nSo, backstory, i work for a company that does LARP-based events, birthday parties mostly, but also quite a few company trips, and other generel wierd events. And every year, we attent several midieval faires, as they provide excelent advertisement for the company (And are a lot of fun for us crew)

&#x200B;

So, my job on this midieval faire was to coordinate our archery with foam arrows, and hammer&rock throwing. which was located right besides one of the three taverns on the market. Now, there being a tavern, ment there also had to be several emergencyroads, one of which, leads right between my area, and that of another activety of ours.

&#x200B;

So, to the story!

I was standing there, teaching some kids how to use a bow and arrow, all well and good. with the emergency road being fairly packed, but that's no biggie, since should there be an emergency, the people can get moved realy quite quickly, we're just not allowed to block it with any thing.

&#x200B;

As the kid finnishes his turn, having an absolute blast shooting arrows (Against heathenistic swedes!) i look over and notice someone from the tavern tent come walking towards me. Quite naturally, i walk towards him, and apologise to the next in line that they will have to wait a quit moment.

&#x200B;

The guy looks...displeased, to say the least, and i emidietly get ready for an earfull, but fortunatly, not my fault.

He had just spoken with the safety team, and the fireroad was too blocked. So i turn to look, and i see the problem, the road was fairly busy, but in the middle of it all, i see a woman sitting in a camping chair, with a babystroller next to her. And based on her haircut, facialexpression, and style of clothing, i began seeing a massive sign above her head with the name "Karen" written on it, becouse lord almighty, she looked like one.

Now, with the way my area, and the one next to me was made, we have a "Dead zone" in between us, an area that can't realy be used for anything, and is just kinda there. 

&#x200B;

So, me being the smartyboy that i am, i think to myself "If i move Karen over there into the deadzone, problem solved!  
So, i go over to her, and ofcourse start off with "Excuse me ma'am?"  
EM, in a very snarky tone: WHat? shouldn't you be doing your job and get this line done with?  
Me: Well, yes, i should, but first, i need you to move with your stroller, over there \*Points at deadzone\*  
EM: Why? i'm sitting perfectly fine here, and i wanna watch my boy when he shoots  
Me: Ma'am, you'll be perfectly capably of watching him over ther-  
EM: And why do -I- i have to move?  
Me: Becouse, ma'am, this is a emergency road, and your chair and stroller is in the way  
EM: But there isn't any emergency now is there?!  
Me: No, but that doesn't matter ma'am, the road is in case there is one  
EM: You listen here! you just do your damned job, or i'll report you for harrasment, and get you fired! i know the man who runs this show (She didn't clarify, wether she ment just our little area, where i happen to be on -very- good terms with my boss, or the whole market, where i also happen to be on good terms with the people on the top)  
Me: Ma'am, i don't realy care who you know, i've gotten word from the safety team, that strollers, chairs, and such, aren't allowed in the emergency roads.  
This kinda talk followed for quite a while, with her creating quite a scene, mentioning numerous times that she knew "The boss/Showrunner/Director (She used a lot of different names for him)

Now, what i didn't know, was that the one of the other crew, had gotten hold of the big man himself, and asked him to come down.

So, after maybe 10 minutes of very fruitless conversation. he arives, and he takes over for me, trying to explain to this lady that she has to move, she gets very agressive with the change in person, and threatens the big man himself, with getting him fired!

Now, i'd like to think i'm usualy pretty good at keeping my cool, but i lost it, i begin laughing like a lunatic, and the few around me who overheard it, and knows who the big man is, also begin laughing, which only makes EM even more frantic, and she begins screaming "Shut up all of you! i know the man who runs this intire market, and i'm gonna get you all fired!" i almost fall over myself laughing.

So, the big man himself asks EM "So, who excactly is it you know?" And to my surprice, she acturly knows the name of the big man, and says it, straight to his face. So, the big man himself confirms that she claims to know him personally. and law and behold, he just reaches for his ID, and i could see the look on her face when she realised that it was in fact...him. She quickly grapped her son, her chair, her stroller, and stormed off. 

Not a whole lot more happened, other than a lot of laughs that evening/nBackground:
My family was flying to Florida for winter break. We were pretty well off, so my dad got us first-class seats. At the time I was 10 and my sister was 15. My sister and I sat next to each other, and my parents were sitting in front of us. 

EM = Entitled mom
EB = entitled brat

We were flying to Florida, like I said, when suddenly about 2 hrs in, a 40 yr old or so woman (EM)and her maybe 7 yr old son (EB) walk into first class from economy. The woman sees two children in first class (my sister and I) and walks towards us. She starts complaining about some mix up where our seats were hers and our seats were in economy. I knew for a fact that our parents paid for our first class seats and our tickets had our name and seat number in it, so we were pretty skeptical. We told her these were our seats. Then out of nowhere EM starts yelling at us in the middle of the aisle. At this point she’s gained an audience, including a few air hostesses and our parents.  An air hostess told the woman that without proof, she couldn’t claim those seats. Then the woman pulls out a ticket, but refuses to show it, leading us to believe that they were economy tickets. Then EM whispers something to EB and i heard her say “like we practiced”. This causes the EB to start throwing a huge temper tantrum. By this point, even I knew what was goin on. This was obviously a cheap ploy to get first-class seats. The pilots were alerted on the situation, and EM was told to go back to her seat accompanied by a mild scolding. The rest of the flight was quiet with no trace of EM or her son/nA little backstory. Last Valentines day me and my GF (Ex now) decided to have a nice little picnic/ dinner in the park to celebrate.

People involved-
Me-Me

GF-My girlfriend at the time

EK- Entitled Kid

EM-Entitled mum

Dad-Not so entitled dad (pretty chill guy)

So me and my GF decided about a week before Valentines day to have the picnic/ dinner in the park to celebrate. Everything was great, we were gonna 
do presents etc etc.
The big day comes and I get there a bit early to setup and what not as I had cooked(I like to cook) when I hear this screaming kid whiz past
me with his parents behind just sighing. They setup their picnic about 15 meters away from me and they see me and smile. The dad asks if I were waiting for
someone and I said that I was waiting for my GF for Valentines day stuff.

About 5-10 mins later she shows up. We hug and what not then sit down. We then start exchanging gifts and I had gotten her a rose charm for her bracelet along
with a medium sized bear. She got me a nice wallet and and some chocolates. I didn't mind, for me it was all about her.

About 5 mins later when we're sat their talking, eating and generally having a nice time the EK runs over and asks to look at the bear. GF said sure as she loved it 
as well as kids and the bear was about the same size as this kid. He then runs off to show him EM and dad. They smile over and said that it is a beautiful gift.

Dad- hey, heres the bear back have a nice night. 

EM- How about EK has the bear instead? It is a bit childish after all as you both look about 18 anyways.

Me- Oh, but I got her this for today as a way to show her that I love her

EK- But I want the bear now!! Mum get me the bear now!

Dad- I'm sorry he's a bit tired and we should be getting home now. 

EM- How about we just take the bear and we'll be on out way.

The dad did not like that, neither did me or my GF.

The EM then proceeds to take the bear and before I get up, she starts to walk away.

Me- Hey, you can't just take that, that is my GF's bear!

EM- Yeah, but it's just childish and what you are doing by the way in this public area is quite frankly disgusting!

GF- What were we doing?

EM- You don't think I didn't see your BF creeping his hands up your leg.

I'm just stood there embarrassed as there were a few families there too.

Dad- Just give the bear back and lets just go. Lets not just ruin their evening as you have ruined ours!

EM- Fine then, wanna be a selfish slut, fine be a selfish slut.

EM then proceeds to rip the bears leg off and throws it at my GF.
My GF then starts to ball up because of what EM said, I start to get pissed, the dad starts to look pissed, EM has a mile wide grin on her face and the other families are just gobsmacked.

We then start to pack up ourselves and begin to leave with a legless bear as the twat of a kid EK decided that he wanted to keep the leg.
The dad apologies for his wife's behavior and that was the last the we saw them thankfully./nHere’s some backstory: 

Im currently attending Harvard University for “free” (due to grants from my former city/county/state, funds from different programs that i earned from academic excellence+need based financial aid) ((no, i’m not flexing, this is important to the story)) but due to a family emergency, I’m visiting my hometown, Miami. Since the issue with family is going to take a while, I decided to make the best of my time and take my 15yo cousin to the mall. Now from what i grew up with, I knew that this area of Miami had pretty rich and entitled people. Glad to know nothing’s changed. 

So we’re walking down through the mall, I buy some outfits, I buy her some makeup, and we have a good time. We go into the food court and get some Chinese, and we sit down. We talk about her start at high school, how she’s trying to get to Harvard herself, etc. etc. 

Then EM and two girls who looked either 10/11/12, came up to our table. 

(EM: entitled soccer mom, EG: Entitled Girl, F: Friend of Girl) 

EG: Mommy!! look!! It’s a Harvard hoodie!!

EM: Do you want it?? 

EG: Yes! Yes! Yes! 

EM: Excuse me miss... My daughter loves Harvard! Do you go there? 

(it seemed pretty innocent to me at first) 

Me: Yeah, actually... 

EM: Good! Good! So since you go there, I’m sure  you wouldn’t mind giving my sweet daughter your hoodie...

Me: -is very confused- Excuse me??

EM: Please give my daughter the hoodie, she really wants it. 

Me: Im sorry ma’am but this is my only one... and i really like it. 

EM: So what? If you can afford to live in New England AND go to harvard, you can afford to get a new sweater. 

Me: -may only be paying for the cost of living and rent, but is very much struggling- I’m sorry ma’am but I can’t get another. I wear this shirt almost everyday and I’d hate to be without it. 

EM: What if I paid you for it

Me: No...

EM: $20?

Me: Ma’am i won’t accept your money... just buy her a fake one off of amazon or something. 


F: PLEAAAASSSSSEEE it’s my best friends bday! Don’t make her cry!!! 

Me: Im sorry that it’s your birthday sweetie but this is MINE and i worked hard to be able to wear this with pride. 

EM: DO NOT RAISE YOUR VOICE AT MY DAUGHTER!!! 

Me: Ma’am im sorry but with my current situation i can not afford to buy myself groceries, let alone another sweatshirt. 

this is where it starts going downhill...

EM: WHAT KIND OF FREAKING RETARD GOES TO HARVARD WHEN THEY ARE POOR! YOU’RE SO STUPID IF YOU ARE POOR YOU SHOULD’VE JUST GONE TO COMMUNITY COLLEGE! 

Me: I worked hard to attend harvard for FREE but i do still have to pay rent and living expenses. I didn’t want to let that hold me back from my potential. 

Me and my cousin start to leave the mall but then she calls on security. 

EM: SECURITY! SECURITY!!  Help me!! those two girls stole my daughters hoodie!! 

EG starts to fake cry 

Security stops me and my cousin and asks if we stole it, I showed that i had my name embroidered on the back. He asks what the daughters name is, when it doesn’t match up, he lets us go. 

(TL:DR- Some chicks daughter wanted my Harvard hoodie even though i told her i couldn’t afford another and called Mall security then accused me of stealing a hoodie from her, when security cleared it all up, I got to go home without calling MDPD on her ass)

 





Edit: 69 upvotes... nice. 

Edit2: THANK U SO MUCH u/TripleDankNibba FOR MY FIRST GOLD. 

Edit3: 420 upvotes.... yes

Edit 4:666 upvotes.... the dar kL OR D W ILL RISSSEEEEEEEE/n(Orginally posted on r/entitledpeople but it matches here too)

Now to explain what's happened and why I'm called this word. 

I have Autism. I'm on the exact dot of between high and middle. So sometimes I'm easily distracted by things and have hairline anger triggers.

This was when I was a kid mind you. 

The first 2 are when I was a child. The 3rd one happened when I was 18 and working my first job.

Onto the fuck uppery.

!1st Mistake!

Now I don't remember this. But my mother had experienced it first hand. When I first started school. Preschool, Kindergarten, and 1st Grade.

I was in a private Catholic/Christian school since where I lived as a child wasn't safe.

Now this would be fine. If it wasn't for the fact this school, apparently had a problem with both minorties and special needs kids.

It's not that they were low on funding or anything. I'm guessing these were those type of bible thumpers, who just hated you because they think God says so. 

I was relentlessly picked on. Coming home covered in brusies and the school did nothing.

Well in Preschool they wanted to hold me back a year. Which my mom kind of agreed too, thinking I needed help. 

She did some summer home schooling to me and by the next year. I was actually the most advanced child in the class.

But the teacher, again, said I should be held back. My mom knew this was crap. She suggested why to have me continue ahead. I should be moved to special needs.

But the school didn't like that.... For whatever reason. They didn't want me to advanced on.

My mom went to a meeting with my father with her. Demanding to know why they wouldn't put me up a grade, since I actually passed the class.

The super independent and principal said. And I quote.

"We find that the mental retardated children just can't have the capacity to advance academically."

This set off my mom. She slammed her fists onto their desk and glares at them with a look that could scare Chernabaugh.

"I will fucking sue you! Move my daughter to her right class!!"

They laughed in her face. But she was dead serious.

These guys apparently did something worse as my mom consulted a lawyer. 

The Principal and Super Intendent gave her a check for 9000 dollars, to go towards my home schooling. (They wanted me out of their school by than.)

My mom being the smart women she is. Called them up and said.

"Thanks for the check. I'll be sure to show my lawyer the fact that you two tried to pay me off with a bribe."

These guys shit their pants realizing the biggest fuck up they did.

They immediately moved me up my grade and into special education. My mom also kept the money and used it for our family vacation a year later.

!Mistake 2!

This happened when I was much older. I was probably 13. I had forgotten my days at that horrible Private School. Now living in another state with my family.

My little brother whose 3 is with us. We were at my dad's new bosses camping place. The boss will be called J, his wife will be called Bitch. 

Now J is a wholesome guy and good friend to my dad and our family. He invited us to his land for us to park our camper and hang out. 

Bitch had a little toy Yorkie puppy with her. It was a cute dog, there was 5 other kids all under the age of 5. I was the eldest.

I decide I should hang onto the puppy and help keep the kids occupied. So they wouldn't do something to accidentally hurt the puppy. Since these kids did start pulling and roughly smacking/petting this very very small dog.

I thought that was a good idea, since I like playing with kids. 

Apparently Bitch didn't like this. She kept glaring ar me the whole time. As my mom tried speaking to her.

I held the puppy and let some kids pet it. The very little kids. Under 3.

Bitch looks at my mother and says aloud for alot of people to hear.

"What the fuck us wrong with her? Is she retarded or what?"

My mom snapped. She shoved pass this women. She got to me. Grabbed the puppy from me in her hand.

She stomps up to Bitch shoves the dog, pretty roughly into her chest. The puppy let out a small whine. It wasn't hurt. Just scared.

"You fucking-!" Bitch started.

My mom grabbed this women by her neck and glared at her the same devil fearing look.

"Shut your god damn whore mouth...." She growled as if Satan had possessed her.

Bitch shut up instantly the color left her face. Everyone was staring at us. More at my mom. Some of them grinned. (A lot of people hated bitch)

My mom grabbed me and my brother and we stomped towards our camper.

My mom stopped when she reached my dad and J who had been talking, by the creek that was near us.

"The minute you two are done. We're leaving." My mom said than we went into our camper and stayed there. 

While in the camper, I was worried. My mom started cleaning to calm down. I started helping because I believed she was angry at me.

I moved some dishes to the sink we used to wash dishes and dropped a cup.

My mom looks at me. I apologize over and over, again, thinking she's angry because of me. My mom looks at me than pulls me into a hug she began crying. 

She felt so bad that people even after what happened with the school. Would dare call me retarded. I was on the honour roll and had worked hard to be a writer. (Still learning as you can see)

So just hearing that both anger and made her hurt for me since even at that age. I didn't understand what retard meant.

My dad comes in at this point. As does J. My mom explains what happened. My dad hugs her. He and J are equally angry.

J apologizes to us than asks us to go outside with him.

My mom politely declines. My dad does as well. But we could hear what happened from inside our camper.

Apparently this instance was the straw that broke the camels back. J and Bitch had been married 10 years. But Bitch never wanted kids and lied to J about being infertile, when in reality she had her tubes tied. She also was a horrible, terrible person, she had even insulted a partner of the company he owned. Him and my dad had been friends for nearly 15 years. 

But to insult me broke his resolve. He stomped up to her and roared at her for saying that infront of a bunch of kids. He told her to go back into their RV and to stay there before she did more damage.

I learned not long after he divorced her and she was left penniless. 

I've met J's new wife many times we'll call her Sweet. She makes cakes and cookies for the company picnic and is extremely nice.

!Mistake 3. Worst one yet!

This one was by far the worst and the best. I had just turned 18 and working my first job, McyD's. It was one of the nicest job I ever had. I still go there and talk to my old co workers.

I worked both Breakfast and Lunch as a fry cook. (Cue Spongebob Laugh!) My mom was working as a CNA in a Senior Home in the same town as my McyD's.

So she came in every morning seeing how I was and talking to my co workers. Everyone liked my mom. 

This happened one busy morning we got orders out the ying-yang. We're moving as quick as we can. I'm doing all the eggs, meats, and making toast at the same time.

My mom is talking to the cashier about getting her a baby blanket made. She would sell crocheted blankets, she made for extra money. When all of a sudden we hear the front door slam against trash cans. 

Coming in one corner, is entitled rich bitch. She stomped up to the counter and screamed at all of us.

"YOU FORGOT MY EGG WHITE YOU FAGGOTS!!!!!!"

My manager we'll call her K has worked there for 15 years. She has seen, delt, done everything horrible this store and the patrons have to offer. She has nerves of fucking steel. 

K approaches the ERB and politely says, in her best Customer Service voice.

"Let me see the sandwich. We'll make you a new one right away."

ERB hands her the bag and I start making the new Egg White.

The egg whites take a while to cook. Maybe 5-6 minutes. While she waits ERB starts ranting loudly at us. She is point to every one of the employees, and is just shooting every fucking insult and slur in the effin book.

I worked with a african american lady, who was the nicest person I ever met, and two dudes who were awesome,also were half hispanic. They were cooks too.

Than she points to me. A chubby, white girl, working minimum wage. She could've said anything and I wouldn't care. But she said the one word you should never say to me, or my mother.

"AND YOU GOT A FUCKING RETARD WORKING THE STOVE!!! CAN SHE EVEN FUCKING COOK OR IS SHE JUST GOING TO DROOL ALL OVER MY FUCKING FOOD!?!?!" ERB screamed.

I actually felt real honest to god fear. Not for myself. But for the ERB

My mom stood right next to this lady and she screamed that at me. IN FRONT OF HER!

I finish her egg whites, now nervous as hell. K gives her the sandwhiches and this women starts stomping out to the parking lot. My mom is following her outside.

I grab K by the arm and say.

"If we hear screaming. Don't call the cops yet. I'll stop it." I begged.

K gave a nod understanding.

Thankfully it didn't end as I imagined in my head. But thank god.

My mom followed her out to her truck. She glared at her the whole time, being barely 2 feet from her.

"WHAT DO YOU WANT!?!?!?!?" ERB screamed at her.

"I'm just watching a useless fucking person, being a useless hinderance on life. Those people work harder in a day, than you would EVER sucking fat dicks for money!" My mom growled.

The ERB gasped and got in my mom's face.

"DO YOU KNOW WHO I AM!?!?!?"

"Yea a fucking tramp who thinks the world revolves around her until she's no longer pretty. Than your sugar daddy will fuck another person. You're not special bitch go home and suck a dick like you always do!"

The ERB growled and with tears running down her cheeks. She gets into her car and drives off. My mom got a picture of her liscence plate and had seen kids in the car. 

Wanting some revenge, my mom contacts a cop friend of hers. They run the liscence plate. Turns out she was being divorced from her husband. Who was the richest man in our city. 

She also wasn't allowed to have the children with her on that day since she only had visitation since she was abusive. 

I don't know what happened after that. But I hope Karma burned her.

Yea Moral of these stories. Don't call me the R word especially if my mother's around. She'll end you.

(Thank you to everyone's kind words. But I cannot take the credit for this is all thanks to my mother. And we will all find that one person who sticks up for us and with us no matter what.)

(And thank you for the medals. And premium membership. I don't know what they do but thank you none the less)

(TLDR: Mom defends me from closed minded people who called me Retard when I was young.) /nWhen I was in middle school, I developed a nervous tick. The way it was explained to me was that I had a lot of stress, but I didn't have a way to deal with it. This caused my brain to search for an outlet, which ended up causing me to scream at random times. As you can imagine, I got a lot of crap from everyone else at school because of this.

I went to see a therapist to help it go away, and one of the first things she suggested was that I bring a stress ball to school. I picked up one of those stress balls with the faces, and named him Gerald.

I had Gerald for about a week, until one morning on the bus. I had Gerald in the front pocket of my backpack and I was trying to get some homework done, when I heard my backpack being opened.

I looked up to see one of the high school kids holding Gerald up in the air. I knew this kid, and he was one of my worst bullies, but his granddad was friends with my grandaddy, so I had known him my whole life. He lived with his mom(EM) and his granddad. I hoped that he would show some humanity so I spoke up.

"Can you please give that back?"

He went back to his seat, opened the window, and threw Gerald out. The bus driver told the kid that she was going to write him up, which would get him kicked off the bus for the rest of the school year. Unfortunately, she also told me that she couldn't legally stop the bus.

When I got home that afternoon, my dad picked me up, and told me that both he and my mom had received emails about the incident. I told him that I didn't want to talk about it at that time, and he understood that, and gave me space. A few hours later, we got a knock at our door. My dad answered, and it was EM.

"I got a call from the school today saying that AK (Asshole Kid) can't ride the bus anymore, because of your daughter," she said," I'm a single mom, and I work. How am I supposed to pick him up from school?"

"I don't know," my dad said," and frankly I don't care. Your son bullied my daughter."

My tick was triggered, and I shouted, which caught her attention.

"How is he supposed to treat her like a normal person when she does things like that?"

"You know she can't control it," my dad said.

"Bullshit," EM said," you just don't discipline her properly. I bet she does it for attention."

"EM," my dad said," I can't do anything about what happened to AK. That was completely up to the school."

"Yes you can," she said," just make her tell the school that she was provoking him. Then they'll let him back on the bus."

"How was I provoking him?" I asked," he literally took my stress ball from my bag while I wasn't looking."

"How is it fair that you're allowed to scream at random times with no consequences and you're allowed to have toys on the bus like a five year old?" EM countered.

"My tick is caused by stress," I said," the stress ball was supposed to make it stop."

"Your "tick" (yes, she really used finger quotes) isn't real sweetheart," she said," I know you're faking. And you think you can get away with it, because you weren't brought up correctly."

"Maybe your son thinks he can get away with tormenting my daughter, because he wasn't raised right," my dad said.

He shut the door in her face and locked it. We waited a few minutes, and she finally drove away.

Our story doesn't end here. The following Saturday, I was home alone when there was a knock at the door. It was AK and his granddad. (GD)

"My grandson has something he'd like to say to you," he said.

"I'm really sorry I took your stress ball," he said," I won't be bothering you anymore."

I was too surprised to say much so I just shrugged and said," It's fine."

"No. It's not fine," GD said," if he or his mother ever bother you again, don't be afraid to call me."

GD pulled out his wallet, and tried to hand me a twenty dollar bill.

"That's very kind of you, sir," I said," but the stress ball was only about five dollars."

"The extra fifteen is for putting up with them," he smiled.

"Uh, okay," I said," thank you sir."

The next day, after church I bought a stress ball that looked just like Gerald, and named him Gerald II. A week later, everyone on my bus was told that we couldn't have personal items in school ( phones, gaming systems, stress balls) because it was making other students jealous. I can't prove this, but I'm pretty sure EM made a big deal about things not being fair, and the school decided to appease her.

My therapist ended up getting me to try some breathing exercises when I'm feeling stressed, and they actually worked a little, but after all the stories I've read on this sub-reddit, it's a very real possibility that an entitled mom will demand that I give her my lungs because her kids get good grades./nSo basically I was recently flying to Kathmandu and their are tons of mountains and things so its a real nice look out the window! I am only 14 years old and was flying alone to visit some family!
TLDR at bottom.

.

.

.


Cast

•Me - Me

•EP - Entitled Parent

•CK - Careless kid (looks to be 6)

•FA - Flight Attendant

•NM - Nice Man

.

.

.

And the story begins:

I was getting my stuff set for the 7 hour plane ride that is about to ensue and when I take a seat, another woman(EP) sits down next to me and puts her kid on the aisle seat. I said hello and did the basic "Im a nice kid stuff."

EP: "So where are your parents? Are they here or not?"

Me: "Nope they didnt fly with me! Im just visiting my grandparents for a week!" 

EP: "Oh ok."

5 minutes pass

EP: "Hi we should switch seats, and you can in sit the middle!" She starts to get her bag 

Me: "No thank you! I actually prefer the window seat!" 

EP: "I dont think you should be sitting there because youre to young."

Me: "Im sorry but I will stay here and im not moving."

EP: "My son wants to sit there so just move already." *fake smiles*

Me: "YOU obviously want my seat not your son..."

EP: "WHAT A BRAT. KIDS THESE DAYS ARE SO RUDE. YOU SHOULDNT EVEN BE FLYING ALONE"

Me: "Mmm alright mam. I will be ignoring you for the rest of the flight now." 

EP: "WHAT YOU CANT DO THAT CAUSE I SAID SO." 

FA walks over

FA: "Is everything alright mam?"

EP: "Yes, my son isnt moving from the window seat and he is being very rude"

Me: "Umm no. Mam lets get 2 things straight.  First, I am not your son and secondly, she is trying to get me to move."

EP: "Oh be quiet Dave stop playing around" she literally gave me a fake name

Me: "My name isnt Dave..." hands flight attendant my boarding pass so she can confirm.

FA: "Would you like to move your seat?" 

Me: " Yes please!"

Me: "I guess you can have your seat now mam!" I **ACCIDENTALLY** spill water on the seat as I get up to leave.

FA: tries not to laugh

EP: "He can stay here and Ill move."

Me: "Nope I already got up and left. Good day. Oh and sorry for spilling water on the seat I know you really wanted it" 

I thought it was over but OH MY GOD no.

EP: "MY SON IS GOING TO GET SICK NOW"

FA: "What are you even saying?"

Me: " You lost it." 

NM: "Im tryna have a nice flight and not hear you voice the kid is nice but you seem to have a problem. Youre a grown woman and your son hasnt even said a word he has just been playing around with the seat. How about you accept the fact that you cant sit down and enjoy a flight."

Me: "Thank you!"

FA: ushers me to the front

In the end, I got upgraded to BUISNESS CLASS!!!! It was so nice I felt like a king up there. Not to mention the food was hella good. I dont know what happened to the lady she just gave me glares at the airport. But im like whatever.

TLDR: Woman wants window seat. I spill water on it. I get upgraded to buisness class./nHow do I begin... 

EM - Entitled Mom, Me - The sexiest mf out there ;)

Little back story: I LOVE flipping, It's my hobby. I train every single day to get better and better at doing certain tricks. I have a professional trampoline that I train on which I am so thankful for. (Thank you Dad <3)

This happened like 20 minutes before I'm writing this:

Me: (Practising what's called a "double-full". Basically a backflip with a 720° spin.)

EM: (Walking down the road with her child which is right on the other side of the fence beside my trampoline.)

EM: What do you think you're doing?

Me: (I didn't know that she was speaking to me so I just continued.)

EM: Kid! Hello? Are you deaf?

Me: (Keep in mind that im 14 years old and 6'2.) Oh uh, hi. How can I help you?

EM: What the f\*ck do you think you're doing?!

Me: Um, I'm just jumping. Why, is there a problem?

EM: Don't lie to me, kid. I saw you doing those flipping jumps!

\*Yes, she actually called them flipping jumps. I'm sorry but that just makes me cringe so much.

Me: Yes, I was doing flips.

EM: Why the fuck are you doing flips? You are setting a VERY bad example for my child.

Me: Why the hell are you swearing? You are setting a VERY bad example for your child.

\*I'm sorry, I had to. It was too funny.

Me: Besides, I don't see how it's affecting your child.

EM: Excuse f\*cking me?! Don't mock me you selfish kid! Stop trying to get my child to put himself in danger like you are to yourself!

Me: What?! (Trying not to burst out laughing) M'am I don't think you understand. I am not trying to put your child in danger what so ever. Also, this is my property, I can do whatever the hell I want to do on it!

EM: Really? You think I don't understand? You think im f*cking stupid or some sh*t?! You are doing flips in front of my child to try to get him to do it and kill himself.

\*LMAO

Me: So, you're telling me, that by me doing flips, on my OWN trampoline, I am encouraging suicide to children?

EM: Are you deaf, YES! Now stop before I call the police on you.

\*This next part was me just having fun. Don't get mad at me please It was just so funny.

Me: (Starting to jump again) Does this trigger you, m'am? Is this encouraging your son to commit-suicide?

(I do a backflip)

EM: That's it, I'm gonna fuck you up you little c\*nt.

Me: Please do. Here, I'll even kindly unlock the gate for you.

EM: F\*ck you.

(She starts speed walking away)

Hope you had as much fun reading this as I had experiencing this.

Have a great day everyone.

*Yes, I know it seems fake and crap, I don't blame you. I'm already being bashed for people thinking this is fake on another subreddit. Go easy on me please 😂

EDIT: THANK YOU FOR SILVER!!

EDIT2: GOLD?!?! WAT/nCast (ages guessed by how old they are now minus the 3 years since this story): 

* Karen - our EM, my mother in law, and the devil in disguise
* Dave - father in law. Karen's husband, actually a really great guy.
* John - my husband
* Lily - John's sister and mother of Leo (13), Logan (9) and Laura (5)
* Mark - John's older brother and father of Matthew and Mary (10 or 11)
* Dickhead - the youngest of Karen's children, and the only one who's a total dickhead. I cannot stress enough how much this guy sucks.

&#x200B;

So my husband's mum, Karen, haaaates kids. I've met very few people who hate children as much as Karen does. She likes them once they're adults, which is why she loves all 4 of her children *now*, but 2 of her 4 kids have their own children, and she hates the grandkids. Before each of her children turned 18 she put a roof over their head, made sure they had food on the table and the lights were on, but she found them annoying/irritating when they acted their age, was always very quick to anger, and would only deal with them when they acted like adults, so my father in law, Dave, did the bulk of the parenting (he also did the shelter, food and warmth thing) while Karen was cold and distant.

Once each kid turned 18 she'd take them on a one-on-one trip somewhere she wanted to go (my husband's sister went to Paris, his older brother to Rome, my husband to Athens, and his younger brother to New York) and gave them the exact same speech (they compared the speeches they got and it was near identical) about how she finds it hard to talk to kids because she's just too mature to understand them and about how badly she wanted to make up for lost time and become friends or something like that. John, Lily and Mark all wanted to cut contact with her as soon as they moved out but they loved their dad too much to lose touch with him, and as Dave and Karen are still married they're kind of a package deal. Dickhead remains his mother's loyal lap dog, willing to do whatever she says.

Karen has trips planned for her grandkids when they're 18, which Leo (now 16) is already trying to get out of. She has gone one step further with the grandkids, in that while she was cold and distant with her children, but never went out of her way to be cruel to hem, with the grandkids she is downright cruel. This ranges from telling them "shh the adults are talking" whenever they try to speak to excluding them from monthly family dinners by picking adults only restaurants or saying that she and Dave don't have enough room for them at their place, and getting Dickhead to go along with it.

&#x200B;

I met John about 7 years ago when Karen tried to set me up with Dickhead. Long story short, Dickhead wasn't the best conversationalist and I found John far more interesting. A couple years later John proposed, and 3 years ago we got married.

When John and I got married we agreed that we didn't want a big wedding, but we did want to invite the kids, as Karen always tried to exclude them and John loves his nephews and nieces and wanted them to be there. We invited 50 people total, and only 4 couldn't make it, which meant 46 came and that made up about 4 tables of people. The seating plan was decided months in advance and the we talked to the parents who would be coming (pretty much just Mark and his husband and Lily and her husband) and asked how they wanted to do this.

The options were basically either a table just for the kids or the kids sit with their parents, and we were fine with either option. The parents asked if we could do a kids table, bringing it to 5 tables, but have it right near where they'd be sitting with the adults, which John and I agreed to, and with the parent's help we worked out a separate kids menu for that table so they'd all eat. Lily also asked if Leo could sit at the adults table, which we agreed to. The idea of this is that if the kids got disruptive or had any issues at any point, their parent(s) could go over easily and get them to calm down or fix the problem. We also agreed to keep 2 chairs free at that table, so if a parent was needed they could go sit with their kid(s). We labelled these seats the "RP" seats, for "rotating parent", because the parents assumed that they'd all need to take a turn in these seats at some point.

&#x200B;

About 2 weeks before the wedding we had all the in laws around our place for dinner, when Dickhead announces, loudly, that he's going to the bathroom. Cool. Didn't need to know that. Thanks, Dickhead. He walks off. The layout of the flat we were in at the time meant that to get to the bathroom you had to go through the bedroom, and Dickhead knew this, so we didn't think anything of it when Dickhead went into our bedroom. He came out 5 minutes later, dinner resumed, we thought nothing of it.

&#x200B;

The next day we get a call from Karen. As I've said, it's been 3 years, and this was a verbal conversation, so there's some paraphrasing here.

Karen: Hi OP, just to let you know that Dave and I won't be coming to the wedding.

Me: WHAT? You're John's parents, he wants you there! I want you there. Dave is walking me down the aisle, that is how badly we both want you to be there.

Karen: You want a babysitter, which we never agreed to.

Me: Karen, everyone knows you don't like kids. We would never make you the babysitter. We don't even *have* a babysitter. Where did you even get that from?

Karen: Dickhead saw your seating chart. He told me that your chart has 2 seats that say GP, for grandparent, right at the children's table. We will *not* be your babysitters.

Me: It's RP, for rotating parent. Lily and Mark came up with it, it's a couple of places at the kids table for them and their husbands to sit if one of the kids needs them.

Karen: Bullshit, it's free babysitting. Dickhead told me it said GP so don't treat me like I'm stupid.

Me: Karen, you can come over and look yourself. I'll get it out of the- (I realised then that the seating chart was in the bedroom, in a folder, buried under a pile of clothes). So, did you tell Dickhead to go through our stuff to find our wedding planning folder or did he do that on his own?

Karen: I would never do such a thing! Look, I only called to say that me and Dave aren't coming and now I've done that I'll leave you to sort out your new seating plan.

Me (desperate because dammit we love Dave): Is there any way I can fix this?

Karen: Yes. Get rid of the children. Or we won't come.

Finally, her evil plan is revealed. Although I can't tell if she wants me to take them out of the wedding party or take them out in the assassin way.

Me: I'm sorry Karen, but we want the kids there.

Karen: Well then we'll see you when you get back from the honeymoon.

Me (deciding to call her bluff): Alright, see you then.

Karen: ...

Me: Bye 

Karen: WAIT.

Me: Yes?

Karen: The oldest one can come. The 11 year old.

Me: He's 13. And they're all coming. All 5. It's our wedding, our guest list, our seating plan.

Karen: Well you know how I feel about kids. They ruin everything.

Me: Which is why you are not sat at the kids table. We get back from our honeymoon on \[date\], we maybe could do lunch the week after but we'll be busy playing catch up at work so see you when we see you. Bye.

Karen: WAIT.

Me: Yes?

Karen: I'm not going to be your babysitter.

Me: Didn't ask you to. So we'll see you there then?

Karen (sulking): ^(yes)

Me: Great, see you there.

&#x200B;

2 weeks later was the wedding, both Karen and Dave attended. Karen wore a white dress because she's a twat, and tried to change some stuff (like cake and flowers as well as inviting 25 of her own friends) on the day before the wedding, but got nowhere. Dave was amazing and walked me down the aisle as planned. He also took a turn at the kid's table, because he loves his grandkids more than anything. It was a great day and no one even noticed Karen refusing to even look at her own grandchildren, or Dickhead just being plain rude to them (telling them it was meant to be adults only and we didn't want them there). The kids were also very well behaved, sitting through the ceremony patiently, enjoying the food and dancing and most of all the cake. They really are great kids.

In the present day, we have stopped talking to Karen and Dickhead but remain close with Dave, Lily, Mark and the kids. Karen stays entitled and crazy, because she's worried we wouldn't recognise her otherwise, and she's done worse things since, but it's been 3 years and I still can't get over her "it's me or the kids" ultimatum./nI've made a post before but as usual, ill give a bit of backstory and context.

I work in a retail computer store. I am a part time technician but also deal with customers with regards to sales, etc. 

So a while back we had this EM and EK coming in to buy a new computer for EK (we discuss some options in their price range and end up selling EK a mid-range gaming computer). This happened on a weekend as it was the only time I ever worked, as I was part-time. 

Fast forward to next week. I come in to work the morning seeing EK's rig on the table by the other tech work (it was a very specific rig that i built myself, so I recognized it). My work colleague calls me over, seeing as I was the only 'avid' gamer in the shop, and tells me that this is my baby seeing as I sold EK the rig and I would know how to fix some game related issues (little did I know at the time that he was avoiding the screaming banshee and rather passed the work on to me). I didn't mind working on it at all because I could have some fun while working as I had to test why the game wasn't working on EK's computer. (I had to play the game until it crashed and try to figure out what was wrong)

The game in question was Tom clancy's Ghost recon online. This happened during the early release of the game and being a free to play game there were bound to be bugs. The first few times the game crashed on startup, sometimes mid match and other times just refused to even start. About an hour into testing the computer EM storms in. I dont exactly remember the dialogue as this was a few years ago. EM basically already shouting at me about the 'useless' computer I sold her.

At this point I am trying to explain to EM why the game isnt working, as I still haven't gotten a clue myself yet - as many other people are having the same problems. She wasn't having ANY of it. She told me to refund her for the computer as we sold her useless trash that EK 'can't use anymore'. She was red in the face when I told her "First off, our store has a 'NO REFUND' policy which you can clearly see on the wall behind me and Secondly - there is NOTHING wrong with the computer we sold you but rather the GAME itself is broken". It was after I made it clear that the game wasn't working that she then requested a ... refund for a free to play game?? It turns out EK spun some story about how he bought the game to which I thought he bought in game currency, only later realizing he actually bought HACKS?!! (Story for another time in another subreddit. help pls??)

She was LIVID that we never made it clear that there is a "NO REFUND" policy and practically stormed out. Eventually, after a whole day of working on it, i got this game to work (not for long because 2-3 weeks later a new update got released and the game broke again.. lo and behold EM screaming at me again for the broken game, which turned out to be EK being banned for hacking - but as i mentioned... a story for another time). 

I had been working on this computer for a full day and she was furious when I told her that the hours of labor i worked on would only cost her $17 (which was VERY cheap considering). She basically stated that the computer was garbage and that it 'should' have worked on day 1. She eventually paid and left the store never to return again... (haha I WISH)

on our next stock take we noticed 2 game cases missing from our shelf (We only recently started selling games, but I came up with a system to store the game disks in a holder in the back with numbers attached to the game case or sometimes in the game case in case of any attempted theft.) - I am not sure if EM and EK decided to try and 'steal' a game from us without us noticing or if some other kids snatched them not knowing the disks were in the back but I really do hope it was EK realizing his mistake afterwards that we kept the games in the shop (I WISHED that they would've come into the store complaining about 'buying' a game without the disk included... that would have made for a good story but whoever attempted to steal it is now left with an empty case, HAH! Sidenote: any CD-keys or game keys were also removed)

Not as satisfying but this was 1 of my run-ins with a mild EM and her little gremlin of an entitled K(unt)id - story about the steam ban soon.

Edit: Sorry for the formatting being weird. I am on PC but for some reason the formatting always looks better while typing and goes weird after posting.

Edit2: Gosh this took off D: Thanks for all the upvotes and support! :) I will try to write about the steam ban this week still!

Last Edit: Thanks for my Silver!! :) I didnt think this post would blow up this much! Again thanks for all the upvotes, the comments and the lols from all of you! Seeing how so many of you were so keen for the next part I took the time to write it up ASAP. Part 2 is up and can be found [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b05t5n/ek_gets_steam_ban_em_blames_computer_we_sold_them/?)/nThis is my first post and it was longer than i wanted it to be. Im writing this as my GF and i are getting some of tattoos touched up and we are exchanging stories with our artist. I havent thought of THIS story in a while as it was years ago at a tattoo convention. My girlfriend and i are piecing this story together from what we remember so it might be a bit long. This one convention in particular was in the summer. For those who have never had the pleasure of attending a tattoo convention, i highly recommend it if you are looking to get some ink. (AND ALWAYS TIP YOUR ARTIST!!!!) 

This convention i was paying for my girlfriend’s tattoo and she is VERY particular. But this story isnt about us, it’s about the artist we chose and two pissed off beach bitches. Just a LITTLE more backstory (bare with me). We go to these cons a few times a year stumbled on some out of state artists my GF fell in love with. We gone to them whenever they had a booth (even one time without knowing). They’ve even started to recognize us the last time we saw them. They are a group of about 5 or 6 artists and my GF has gotten tattoos done by 3 of them. One year my GF was getting our puppy’s paw print on her arm when a mother and daughter come to the booth fuming like a smoke bomb. 

This mom looked she freaking lived on the beach. Bright blonde hair, skin so tan it was just a couple shades from looking like leather. The daughter was a spitting image of her mother. They even dressed the same. In my opinion these are the WORST kind of people. EM is Entitled Mother ED is Entitled Daughter and TA is Tattoo Artist(1 and 2). 

EM asks to see the TA that did her daughters tattoo the previous day of the convention. Enter this petite mid 30s lady with multicolored hair and loads of facial jewelry. She had done one of my previous tattoos a year or two before. EM gets in TA face yelling that she screwed up her daughter’s first tattoo. EM then berates TA calling her a terrible person for ruining her daughters life. TA is clearly the anxious type has a little panic attack, is on the verge of tears and very apologetic. I thought she was gonna pass out right there. Then we finally get to see the tattoo. 

ED opens up her shirt and just over the left breast was the most washed up butterfly ive ever seen. This thing looked OLD! The outline was a bluish green, the color of the wings were almost yellowed (i think it was meant to be a BLUE butterfly) the edges of the tattoo were a bit enflamed and it looked infected. I have heard some real horror stories with bad ink and dirty needles and this horror-show would be prime example no. 1. The sight put the TA in a frenzy! She was bawling so much and offering all the treatment ointments they had in the booth. Even went as far to offer her another tattoo AT NO COST. This thing was JACKED. The ED applied a little ointment and said it burned (not a good sign). All this time my GF is getting nervous of her own tattoo. Then ED starts whining. Now i dont remember the exact conversation but i’ll try my best to recreate the scene.

ED: “All of my friends laughed at me at the party! I was so embarrassed! I had my cutest bikini on and everything!” It was then that the TA doing my GF tattoo finished the outline and stepped into the fray. She put her arm around the first TA still sobbing.

TA2: “Excuse me.” 

ED: “What!?”

TA2: “This party you went to... was there a pool?”

ED: “Of course there was!” (As if we knew that)

TA1 perked her head shocked and then let out a huge sigh of relief. She knew what would come next.

EM: “What does that have anything to do with this?”

TA2: “Sweetie, be honest. Did you go swimming?”

ED suddenly realizes what the TA was really asking and got nervous. “Just a little.”
Me, my girlfriend, the artists and everyone (and i mean EVERYONE) within earshot of the conversation audibly CRINGES. One passerby even started to laugh loudly. EM is very confused as to why.

TA2: “Do you know what pool water can do to a fresh tattoo? You are lucky your skin isnt worse off. Honestly, it wasnt very smart to go swimming before it healed.” (Poor choice of words)

EM: “Are you calling my daughter stupid?”

TA2: “Im saying, if she had only took better care this wouldnt have happened.”

EM: “Well we werent told that.”
The first artist, now REBORN WITH FIREY PASSION steps in

TA1: “I DID TELL YOU! I remember you now! You were too busy on your phone yesterday to pay attention when i told you about the aftercare. I even gave you a bottle of ointment FOR FREE yesterday and you LEFT it. You were so rude to me when i was talking to your daughter about the tattoo. This is NOT MY FAULT!”

EM now shocked and a little nervous: “Well i dont remember that! You probably just did something wrong.”

TA1: “Leave... NOW!”

EM gave a quick “You’re gonna be sorry!” and leaves. TA1 and TA2 are so hyped up from the situation they ask to take a smoke break. My GF didnt mind as she had been in the chair for a while and wanted to stretch. I was still in shock over what happened. A few minutes go by and both of them return and apologize to us. They told us how rude the two were the day before. Apparently this tattoo was a late birthday present and they wouldnt shut up about it. We’re putting the EM in the past but OF COURSE THE STORY ISNT OVER! 

???: “Excuse me”

A MONSTER of a man is standing at the edge of the booth. Big and strong like a pro wrestler. He had full sleeve tattoos and some little ones on his neck. Believe me when i say he was SCARY! He looked like he could eat a bear and ask for seconds. I could spend all day describing him but this story is too long already. I think “BIG GUY” was written in a early draft so i’ll just call him BG. 

BG: “I heard you were rude to my wife.” 
Of course this is EM’s husband. She and ED have the most smug faces watching from a safe distance. ED yells “That’s them, daddy! They RUINED my tattoo!” 

He stares down on everyone at the booth. “Is that true?” Even his voice was scary.

EM: “Yes. They were rude and wont fix it!”

BG: “Which one of you did it?”

TA1 was nervous once again: “Sir, we told your wife that we arent responsible for the aftercare of the tattoo. Your daughter went SWIMMING and thats what caused the damage. We... I mean ‘I’ did nothing wrong.”

BG: “Hmm, well that was stupid...” he scowls for a moment and he gestured for his wife and daughter to come over.

EM: “Well? Are they gonna fix it?”

TA1: “Miss, even if we WANTED to fix it, until it heals properly we’ll just make it worse.”

EM: “Then give us the free one you said, its the least you can do.”

BG to ED: “Daughter, where did you go last night?”

ED looked like her life flashed before her eyes. A perfect ‘O SHIT’ face i’ll never forget. 

BG: “Werent you going to Ran Dom’s house?”

ED can only muster “Umm...”

BG: “You didnt LIE to me did you?”

EM is now a little nervous too: “Um, darling?”

BG to TA’s: “Excuse us” the family moves away from the booth and everyone is holding their breath awaiting what comes next.

ED walks up to the TA with her head down looking like shes gonna cry. “Im sorry” Everyone is STUNNED

BG: “FOR WHAT?” he yells for down the alley.

ED: “Im sorry for saying you ruined my tattoo and i should have taken better care of it.” And then timidly asked “Is there anything i can do to make this better” THIS refers to her tattoo. (She was asking for advice)

TA1 a little dumbfounded: “Um, sure sweetie. Let me get you something. And i know some artists in this area that can fix that AFTER it’s healed, ok?” She hands her a business card.

ED now sniffling “Thank you.”

One of the male artist behind the booth says out-loud to the BG “Your WIFE should apologize too! She made TA cry!”

BG looks at his wife, shes rolling her eyes and gives the most robotic “IM SORRY!” BG gave her a gentle nudge and her tone changed but not that much. “Im REALLY sorry. Now about that FREE tattoo you offered...”
BG: “No.”
EM: “But-“
BG: “No.”

ED: “It’s okay mom. I just wanna go. Sorry, daddy.”

BG gets all the aftercare information from the booth and they leave the area. While ED was probably in a lot of trouble i still saw BG hug her and smile as they left. EM looked defeated and kind of embarrassed. Sorry that was so long. My girlfriends tattoo came out GREAT btw. It’s her new favorite. Wherever the artists are now, i hope they know how awesome they are. 🤘🔥🤘/nHeyo! Got a story, this happened today when I went to go pick up Super Mario Maker 2 as a gift for my boyfriend.

Here's your cast:

Me: Hello!

EM: The Entitled Mom

IK: EM's kid who was pretty chill, he was maybe 14

Friend: My friend who works at the Gamestop

Cashier: The other guy who was working at the time

Manager: The Bane of The Karen

So, this said Gamestop is one I've been going to since I was a kid, and it's where I get pretty much all my console games since it's only a few minutes away from where I live in my hometown. At some point, my friend who lives like a street away from me picked up a job there maybe half a year before this story.

So, since Super Mario Maker 2 is out and my boyfriend has expressed interest in it more than once, I decided to get a copy for him, and maybe a new game or two for myself. When I walk in, my friend was on shift stocking shelves and I give him a quick wave.

Me: Sup?

Friend: Oh, hey dude. Whatcha looking for?

Me: Sup? Got any copies of SMM 2? <Boyfriend Name> has been wanting it.

Friend: Yeah, I think we've got some copies left. (The game just launched btw, so it's possible they could have sold out) Gimme a minute to go check.

He walks off to a back room to go look for it, and I stand near the Xbox game shelf looking for something I might be willing to spend for besides SMM2. A moment later, I hear the bell of the door ring as someone comes in. I don't pay it any mind as I peruse the shelves, flipping through the game cases. I guess that and my clothes must have made me look like I worked there, so after another moment, I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turn around, and there I see EM, with the most Karen haircut I've ever seen. A few feet behind her, IK was checking out the bargain bin. We were at the far corner of the shop, so I don't think the cashier noticed this initial exchange.

EM: Hey, can you help me find um...what was it you wanted, honey?

IK: Fallout 4, with all the DLC in it.

EM: Ah, yes. That. Can you help us find it?

Me: *blinks a bit* Um...I don't work here, lady.

EM: *pauses a second and looks like she's just been slapped.* What? What do you mean, of course you do! You're wearing the uniform.

Me: I...it's a black polo. It looks similar. I'm a custom-

EM: No you aren't, I'll bet you're just trying to shirk on your customer service responsibilities. Now, where is the game?

At this point, EM has raised her voice, so the cashier looks up from what he was doing.

Cashier: Ma'am, do you need something? I can help you out over here.

EM: Oh no, I'm fine, your lazy coworker over here is gonna help me.

The cashier looked a bit confused and glanced at me with a puzzled look, and I just gave a shrug and tried to reason with her again.

Me: No, look, lady, I seriously don't work here. That guy can help you, go talk to him.

EM: How DARE you talk to me that way, you disrespectful brat! You're supposed to help the customer! You should be fired!

At this point, I can see clearly that she's one of *those* kinds of people you read about on this subreddit who have their own logic and refuse to listen to anything else. I'm about to respond when Friend comes back out with a copy of SMM2.

Friend: Hey OP, got your...thing? What's going on?

I take this as my cue to get out of there, and with a quick "excuse me," I duck past the EM to go to the counter.

EM: WHERE ARE YOU GOING?! I'M NOT DONE WITH YOU YET, GET BACK HERE! I KNOW YOU WORK HERE, HE JUST REFERRED TO YOU BY NAME! *Points at friend.*

Friend looks pretty confused, and I just ignore EM as I get my wallet out to just pay for the game and go. IK is sort of standing by looking like he wants to be literally anywhere else right now.

Friend: I...miss, he doesn't work here. He's just a friend.

EM: BULLSHIT! YOU'RE JUST COVERING FOR HIM SO YOU CAN BOTH BE LAZY! I WANT TO SPEAK TO YOUR MANAGER!

I groan and Cashier lets out a sigh as she says this, and I keep talking to Friend to try and get the game rung up. Cashier walks off to get Manager as EM keeps throwing her fit.

Me: Look, just do it as-

EM LITERALLY grabs my shoulder and pulls me away from the counter. I shove her off and glare at her.

Me: What the FUCK?!

EM: WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?! THAT'S IT, I'M NOT LEAVING THIS PLACE UNTIL YOU LOSE YOUR JOB!

Me: I DON'T FUCKING WORK HERE! Leave me the fuck alone!

Manager, arriving in the store with Cashier: What is going on out here?

EM: *points to me* Your employee here has been harassing and cussing at me because he doesn't want to do his job! Fire him right now, or you lose a customer!

Manager: *Immediately looks like he's not buying her bullshit, takes a quick glance at me.* Ma'am, I know he's dressed similarly to my employees, but this man doesn't work for Gamestop. I can't fire someone who doesn't work for me.

EM: EXCUSE ME? Are you telling me I'm wrong? Do you just let your employees sit on their asses all day doing nothing and harassing customers for fun?

Manager: I don't know what to tell you. He doesn't work here.

EM: Then why does he know that employee?! *points at Friend*

IK: Mom, please stop, he really doesn't - 

EM: SHUT UP! You! *points to manager.* I want a free game as compensation for your employee harassing me.

Me: Oh my god, you crazy - I DON'T WORK HERE!

Manager: I...ma'am, I'm afraid I can't do any of that. Look, you're disturbing my customers, so can I please just help you find whatever you're looking for so you can be on your way?

At this point, Friend has finished ringing me up, so I nod to him and just mosey on out the door.

EM: WHERE ARE YOU GOING?! COME BACK HERE, I'M NOT -

And that was the last I heard of her.

According to what I heard from Friend afterwards, the lady stayed there for a whole 30 more minutes screaming at everyone in the building, including another customer who came in, and she only left (with no game) when the Manager threatened to call the cops and give them the security camera footage of this lady going mental on a total stranger. Haven't heard anything about this lady since, but I hope her son got to play Fallout 4 without another poor stranger getting screamed at.

Edit: Yes, for everyone asking, I'm a bisexual guy with a boyfriend./nSo my mom and dad divorced recently and every weekend we get to visit his house, right ?

Wrong! my mom now won’t let me and my siblings visit my dad anymore.

We are able to see him but only after we do a long list of chores.

And those chores never get done to meet my mothers time limit and even if all me and my siblings did them together it would never get done!

Even this one time, we did get it done but then my mom had another excuse, dad is sick. And I did call him up he was FINE and waiting outside in his car to pick us up and my mom took the phone and told him to leave and that we misbehaved shouldn’t be allowed to go.

Recently I was supposed to see him before spring break but my mom has her excuses, “there was a sock on the floor no one can go” 

I was mad at my mom I can’t visit my own father, because of a fucking sock?


I’ll keep updating this and let y’all know what happens next /nMy mum owns a clothing store and after school I go there to help her out with work, this store wasn't really the most "child friendly" as it sold some pretty adult clothes,  nothing like lingerie but more like literally nothing that would fit on a child body.

So one day my mum went out to go buy us some food (15 min drive or so) and I was left to watch over her store, the store was quite slow on Wednesdays so I didn't expect anyone while she was gone and in the rare event that someone does come, I've watched my mum work for the longest and she's taught me all the tricks in retail and bargaining so I was all set.

Em: entitled mum 
Eb: entitled bi- brat

I was scrolling through my phone sitting at the cash register when EM and EB walked in, I hurriedly stood to my feet and gave a huge smile, as this was my first solo-customer for the week, I said "good morning" and gave a subtle but respectful bow, which both EM and EB ignored.

I noticed that EM was looking in the smaller sized section and not to fat-shame, but that definitely wasn't anywhere near her size, I walked over to EM and said "Um miss I think this section would be more suited to you, we're having a 25% off sale for this section too :)" and gestured to the other side of the store. 
EM quickly picked up a skimpy dress and held it up to her daughter, completely ignoring my existence, then turned around and said "ya got any kids sizes? These s#*ts are huge haha" 
I then responded "sorry no this is a store mainly for adults" 

And oh boy do I regret saying that, because EM then said "What? What do you mean by that?" 
I repeated myself saying that this store sells adult sizes and not kids.
EM said "bulls#*t. An adult store on a kids plaza?" 

Mind you, this isn't a "kids plaza" there's a special needs place for kids a few spots down the block but that was about it, and I told EM that. She didn't seem too pleased with my response though cuz then she bursts out by saying "are you giving me an attitude? I'm not here to play any games my baby (eb) has a birthday party in 4 days, I need a dress for her" 
Wait I'm sorry I gave an attitude?? 

Thank God for timing, my mum gets back with food in takeaway plates and a confused look on her face as she sees some random kid touching her clothes and a lady all in my face. 
My mum says "sweetie take these please" gesturing for me to take the food out of her hands and set it down somewhere, I do exactly that and sit back at the register because surely the "manager" is here now and EM doesn't want anything to do with me  anymore. 

Haha nope. 

EM shifts over and says to me "now that witnesses are here you start acting all innocent?" Or something along those lines. 
My mum looks at me even more confused and asks "What's going on here, can I help you miss?" 

EM says "your co-worker here apparently doesn't know how to act around authority" and looks me up and down with a face set as if she just took in a good wiff of dog poo.
EB finally speaks up and says "I just want a dress can i have this one ma?" And holds up a dress that's meant to be a bathing suit cover and also is way too big for her.
She says "does it fit? It looks nice from here, bring it over" 
EM inspects the dress and sees that it doesn't fit, then immediately starts yelling "seriously! Not one single f#*^ing dress?!" She didn't point or anything put I could tell it was specified towards me. again I didn't care, I got my spring rolls, I was happy. My mum on the other hand did care, she said back calmly "please leave my store" 

EM is fuming and I mean MEGA mega fuming.

EM yells "excuse me? I can call the property owner right now and get you evicted b#*ch." 
My mum responds unphased "get out of my store" 
EM and EB stormed out while EM yelled "Now my daughter has no dress for her birthday! You f#*^ing [racial slur] invading our lands!" 
And EB walks past me and quietly says "[another racial slur]" and i just respond with "thank you and same to you" with the biggest grin on my face. 

A few weeks later the plaza owner calls us about the situation because apparently EM actually contacted him, but instead the usual yelling, he apologized for his wife's behavior. 

I'M SORRY WHAT./nHey guys! 

Was going to post another entitled parent story about my pregnancy adventures, but a recent trip to the dog park reminded me of something that happened last year. 

Going off of memory so please pardon me for any mistakes

Cast is Me, ED=Entitled Dad, H=My husband, K1=Kid 1 and K2=Kid 2

On mobile so pardon for any small grammar/spelling mistakes 

Me and my husband have 2 dogs. We love our dogs as much as we will love our child. After a lot of searching, saving, and hoping, we each finally got our dream dogs.

My husband got his Black Labrador and I got my Alaskan Malamute. 

Now, some things about Malamutes (which is important to know for this incident), Malamutes take great resemblance to Siberian Huskies but they are larger and have a LOT more muscle. They do resemble wolves but trust me, you can tell they are not wolves. Malamutes can get up to be over 100lbs. They are large teddy bears and love people. I adore my dog and love to cuddle up with him

Anyway, back to the story... 

My husband and I took our dogs to the dog park to let them run off some energy. Our lab loves to run, play fetch and jump around on the play equipment set up for dogs to play on. My dog? He does his own thing. Wanders around, runs laps when he feels like it, and overall just chills out. 

The dog park is very large and the perfect place for our dogs. My husband was on the other side of the park with our lab and I was on the opposite, following my fluffy boy around when I hear voices

K1: Wolfy! Look, it's a wolfy!

Over at the fence is ED, K1 and K2. The kids, I'm guessing, were between 5 and 7 years old. Both boys.

My boy, noticing them, happily prances over and starts sniffing them thru the gate. He loves people.

K2: I wanna pet the wolf!

I walk over with a smile on, trying to be polite.

The ED was a large, beer belly, going bald typical looking dad. If I had to guess, late 30s. 

ED: Be careful, wolves can bite! 

I remember it being weird that 1: He seemed to say it in a worried voice yet didnt pull his kids away and 2: That this adult couldnt tell that this was a dog. Maybe he was just messing with his boys?

Me: Oh, hes not a wolf. Hes a friendly doggy who loves attention. 

ED snapped at me

ED: No, I know a wolf when i see one. That's a wolf. Dont lie to me!

My dog is still sniffing the kids thru the gate, whining and wanting to be pet.

Me: No sir, hes an Alaskan malamute. Not a wolf.

K1: I wanna pet the wolfy!

Nowadays, I happily let people pet him. But at the time he wasnt quite a year old yet and we were still training him. Hes almost 100lbs and these were little kids. He can easily hurt them unintentionally. 

Me: I'm sorry, but hes a pretty big dog. I dont want him to hurt you guys on accident. 

ED: it's fine, they can pet him. 

The ED starts to walk the kids towards the gate to enter the dog park

Me: Sir, I'm not comfortable with him around little kids yet! We are still training him!

ED: My kids will be fine! Just shut up and keep him still while my kids pet him

Now, I'm pissed. Not only did this guy not even ask to pet my dog, but he seriously expected me to just hold on to my still in training 100lb dog while he gets excited about meeting new people. 

Me: I said no! Keep your kids out of the park! He can hurt them! 

ED stopped and completly snapped at me

ED: Listen you stupid b****, if my boys want to pet your wolf, they can pet him! Shut the f*** up and hold him!

At this point my husband heard the yelling and ran over with our lab happily following along

H: You ok? What's wrong? 

ED: This b**** wont let my kids pet her wolf!

My husband does not like confrontation in the slightest, but he is always quick to defend me

H: Do not speak to my wife that way! He is a large dog and we are still training him! If she says no, it means no! 

The entire time my husband is yelling, the kids keep trying to call our dogs over to them, but my husband grabbed our lab by his collar and I grabbed my Malamute, trying to keep him away from the gate

Me: (to my husband) Forget this, we should just leave. 

Thankfully, his truck was on the other side of the park

ED: No, my kids will pet the wolf! 

H looked at our fur babies

H: Boys, wanna race? 

Everytime we say "wanna race" they perk up and run along side H, kinda as a game. We use it to get them to leave the park whenever we say, rather than drag them out when they dont want to leave. 

My husband ran ahead with them to the truck while I hurried behind (I am very out of shape)

The ED was screaming and cursing while K1 and K2 cried. I felt really bad for them. They weren't mean or acted entitled, but I just couldnt let them pet my boy without a fear of him accidently jumping all over them and hurting them

We got them in the bed of the truck before ED was even halfway through the park, still screaming. I cant remember where the kids were. 

We got in the truck and pulled away right as ED reached the gate on our side of the park. I flipped him off as we drove away.

We never saw them at the park again, thank God. It's our favorite place to take them to play. 

My boy has been trained up a lot more now. Took a long time since Malamutes are stubborn as hell. And now I have no problem letting kids pet him, as long as I'm near him. 

Not the most exciting story. No cops called. Never saw him again. Glad we never experienced that again at that park.

If anyone knows how I can attach a picture of him to this story, let me know and I will but his puppy picture is my profile pic (he was about 6 weeks old, taken my his breeder before we could bring him home) I'm still new to reddit and figuring things out.

Please, if someone says no to petting their dog, please take it as a no! Expecially if little kids are involved. My dogs are not vicious at all, but untrained large dogs can seriously hurt someone unintentionally if you dont listen to their owners. 

Thanks for reading!

Edit: fixed some spelling mistakes, my apologies. Didn't catch them and I'm a moron.

Also, for those saying I should have let him just play with them and let the kids get hurt to teach the guy a lesson, I didn't do it for 2 reasons.

1) It wasn't the kids fault the ED was acting like an a**hole and I didn't want them hurt because of it. And 2) I've had family lose dogs because of situations like this. All it takes is one call to the cops to start a case against us and run the risk of losing our dog because of his stupidity and refusal to listen. One little lie about him being aggressive can be all it takes 

For those asking for a pic, his current pic is my profile pic

Thanks!/nHonestly, I feel like a magnet that attracts entitled parents. I had an encounter with one of the most cliché entitled mothers ever last week and since I know you will love reading this, I will not let you down (hopefully). This is a tragicomedy in three acts plus a grande finale with some revenge mixed in. Sit back with some popcorn, this will be a long one.

TL;DR at the bottom.

&#x200B;

For some backstory: I am in concert band and have been for the past five years. These bands are very common and every village has its own where I live. (I don't know if non-german speaking people are familiar with this concept? It is very traditional with garbs and traditions and what not.) I am also playing the flute - first chair - and worked my way up there for the past years. I am the oldest one in the section. With these bands it's really just first come first serve - there are many super talented players who are forced to sit on the last chair because they joined the band only recently. It is not that bad and if you ask and people are ready to swap, they usually do.

So, this year in January, two new flutes joined us at the front. We were three flutes, all of us have been playing our instrument for a very long time and we are also much older than the flutists that joined us. (We're 17, 18 and 21 while the two new flutists are eleven and twelve.) I knew they would join back in November and I was heavily against it since I knew the level from our concert band was simply too high for them. I told our band director and our chairman on multiple occasions that neither me nor my two friends will spend our time tutoring them since we had better things to do and when we joined concert band, we had to look after ourselves as well. They both told us we didn't have to but that they could not decline the request and we had to deal with it.

The twelve-year-old is okay, really. She's doing her best to keep up with us and asks for advice when she needs it. Like, "How do you play that? Could you please show me if it's not much to ask?" Since she has the fifth chair, she naturally has a different part than me and my two friends and we're happy to help. She's very shy and knows she can't compete with us but since she's working hard, I have nothing to say against her.

The eleven-year-old though, oh boy, she's as arrogant and entitled as it can be. Before even joining concert band, I overheard her saying to one of her friends that she will naturally get first chair since she's the youngest and deserves that position. After joining, she ended up crying angrily because our band director would not let her even near the first chair, giving her the fourth instead. She's BAD at playing. And when I say bad, I mean BAD. She doesn't give a single shit about how she sounds or what she plays. My friends tell me that they don't hear her at all sometimes and we even noticed that she sometimes just puts her flute up to her mouth but doesn't do anything after that. And when you can hear her play it's like the worst sound you will ever hear. I am VERY opinionated when it comes to my section since our band director doesn't pay much attention to us and leaves things like intonation and such to me and this drives me mad.

I think this is enough for the backstory and you get the idea of what the kid is like. And holy hell, if you thought the kid was bad, I met the mother. The entitled mother from hell itself and now, onto act one.

Our beloved cast for this play: EM - Entitled (Non-)Musician Mother | ED - Entitled Dumbass of a Kid | C - Christa (third chair) | S - Sarah (second chair) | BD - Band Director| MC - My Crush for the lack of a better name | ME - The girl who lived

&#x200B;

ACT ONE

It was Monday before Easter and one of our final rehearsals before our annual Easter Concert. We all just arrived and our band director explained the seating to us. Since the stage is smaller than our rehearsal room, it is very cramped and we could never fit six people (one oboe and five flutes) in the first row. So, the fourth and fifth chair are moved to the second row. That isn't a problem normally. NORMALLY. In comes the entitled mother who just brought her demon spawn of a child and the quiet girl. (They happen to be friends, sadly.) I was playing some scales when the mother comes marching up the stage, seeing her daughter being placed in the second row.

EM: Why is my daughter sitting in the second row? (She looks at me and I stop playing.)

ME: Oh, well, you see, we can't fit six people in the first row and flutes with the second part usually sit in the second row when this happens.

EM: But all flutes were sitting in the front row last year!

ME: We were less flutes last year, we were only four and had generally less musicians back then.

EM: This isn't fair! Flutes are always sitting in the first row, this is discriminating!

ME: Flutes are not always sitting in the first row. Infact, flutes are never sitting in the first row apart from our concert band. Normally, the clarinets and the flutes share the first row and only the first chair is guarantueed to sit in the first row.

EM: Then switch with my daughter!

ME: What? No.

ED: Yeah, you can switch with me. No one will notice anyway.

ME: Are you kidding me? I won't switch seats with you. First of all, I play a different part and second, I need to hear S and C so I can intone us. This is not how this works and now please leave me alone, I want to finish playing my scales.

EM: Just switch parts with my daughter, why do you have to make everything so complicated? If she plays the first part, then you can just go sit in the second row and no one will notice. My daughter deserves it more than you anyway, I bet you can't even play right, I mean, look at you, you teenagers can't do anything right.

ME: Yeah, sure. I have been playing the flute before your daughter was even born. She has absolute no right to claim my seat nor my parts. Also, we are one week away from our concert, there is no way she will learn those parts. (Since she can't even play her own right, I added in my head.)

ED: Of course I can learn them! It's not like your parts are harder than mine.

EM: My daughter is a genius. She will learn your parts with no problems.

ME: I told you no. You have no right to demand something like that. And now please go away.

Our band director comes up to me and asks me to play a solo part I have in one of the pieces. (C and S decided to leave it to me since our band director already scratched my solo piece out of the program. Also, people tend to forget that any solo part means much more work and responsibility.)

EM: WHAT? You get to play a solo part, too?! This is not fair, you will switch with my daughter right now!

BD: What is going on here?

EM: My daughter deserves the first chair and she won't give it up!

BD: What? No, your daughter deserves no such thing. I have to ask you to not bother any members of our band and leave us to practice. And if you don't stop harrassing her, I am going to ask you to leave the rehearsal right now.

&#x200B;

And so, we start to practice but the EM gives me the stinkeye. After rehearsal, she grabbed her kid and stormed off but I feared that this wasn't the end of it. And how right I was.

&#x200B;

ACT TWO

Wednesday evening and I sit on my chair, preparing my flute when C comes up to me and hands me the piccolo we share. (I refused to play all pieces with piccolo since it damages my hearing, so C and I share the instrument.) I was chatting with S and C when EM and ED come in. I paid no mind to them and continued preparing my flute and chatting with C and S. Then, she comes up to me, demanding I move since her daughter would now play my parts. C and S were as dumbfounded as I was.

ME: Who the hell do you think you are? I told you to leave me alone, there is no way your daughter will play my parts.

EM: It is not fair that you get to have the first chair, play the best parts and that other instrument. Give it to my daughter, now.

ME: Like hell I would. Our band director told you to stop harrassing me. And just for your information, first chair means a lot of responsibility, it is natural that I play the first part in every piece as well as the piccolo since I was the one entrusted with it. Also, it took me months to master the piccolo and switching to the regular flute during a concert, plus first parts are much harder than second parts.

EM: No, BD told me that it was fine that ED can play your parts since she is way better than you and the people attending will only be pleased since my daughter will show them just how good she is.

C: (to ED) What the heck did you tell your parents?!

ED: I only told them the truth.

EM: Now move and give my daughter the little flute and your flute as well! Since she will be playing the first parts, she needs a better flute, you won't need it for the parts you will be playing.

She then proceeded to grab my flute out of my hand but I just snapped. I am VERY protective of my flute since I bought it with my own money and I had to save up for it for two years. (It's a semi-professional flute and I paid 2500€ for it.) Now, I am a very calm person normally but I just blew up.

ME: You listen here, you keep your dirty mitts to yourself if you want to keep them and don't even think about touching my flute or else you will instantly regret it. Get lost!

&#x200B;

At this point, our band director approached us and asked what the ruckus was about. I told him everything and he wasn't happy to hear that. He told EM that she is no longer welcome to stay during rehearsal and literally threw her out.

But you think this was the end of it? OH NO.

&#x200B;

ACT THREE

Friday night. Last rehearsal before the concert on Sunday. I came in a bit later than usual since I decided to go with my stepfather. He's also in concert band but I usually go with one of my friends. But I was lazy that afternoon and so I got a car ride. That proved to be a big mistake. When I came on stage, I immediately saw ED sitting on my chair and EM smiling smugly. I went up to ED and told her to get up and move. She just looked at me with a smug smile - holy hell the genetics are showing - and told me that she would now have the first chair.

ED: I told BD that you agreed to switch with me and he said it was okay.

ME: Are you stupid or something? I never agreed, why would I do something like that? And BD would never be okay with something like that either, there are just two more days until our concert and you can't even play your own parts right! Now move before I make you.

The entitled mother started screaming like a banshee.

EM: IF YOU TOUCH MY CHILD I WILL HAVE YOU ARRESTED FOR ABUSE!

ME: Woman, I will tell you this one last time, I will not, not under any circumstances, switch with your stupid daughter and now stop harrassing me or else you will get to know me a little better.

ED: No one likes you here anyway, everyone will be okay if you leave, no one needs you.

EM: Yes, I already told everyone in the village that you are just a little bitch and a good-for-nothing. You can't play the flute and you are stupid. No go and leave, no one needs you here.

ME: Oh, you know what? I don't care and there is no way people would believe some crap like that. Even if some here in the village are as dense as they could be, no one would believe such an obvious lie. And I will say it again, move you brat and get to your seat and no one gets hurt.

EM: ARE YOU THREATENING TO HURT MY CHILD?!

ME: Leave me the fuck alone!

&#x200B;

Then my saviour came to my rescue. My crush (MC just a little reminder, I know this is long) stepped in since he had never heard me yell before and asked what's wrong. EM saw her chance.

EM: She is such a horrible girl, she agreed to let ED have the first chair and now she demands it back! And she stole my daughter's flute and hit her! You are a firefighter, you can restrain her and I will call the police!

MC just looks at me - I was in obvious shock. I was just about to explain it all to him when he burst out laughing.

MC: That's fantastic, oh my god, you sure deserve an oscar! Listen up, lady, we all heard you harrassing gegen\_wind over the whole week and there is no way she would ever do what you accuse her of. Do you see all those musicians? We all heard every word. This is HER flute, she's had it for nearly a year now and even S and C say that she deserves the first chair because she plays better than all of us here combined. We are a lazy bunch of idiots but she's super talented and doesn't deserve your crap. And she didn't even touch your child. All she said was that she'll make her move. And this is her right since your daughter is very obviously sitting on her chair, demanding her parts and her flute as well. Now please, get lost. And if I hear that you harrass her again, I'll have YOU restrained while waiting for the police.

&#x200B;

EM then proceeded to convince others about what I supposedly did but of course, no one believed her. I mean, they heard and saw everything, how dumb can you be to do that in front of all of the members of our concert band.

I thanked MC and the rehearsal began. But I was already coming up with a plan. I let S, MC and C know and they were all up for it. Since ED and EM deserved some kind of punishment, we patiently waited for Sunday.

&#x200B;

LE GRANDE FINALE

The concert went by, we recieved lots of applause and stepped off stage. C, S and I cleaned our flutes (we all just got new ones recently and are very careful with them, so cleaning always takes a while) and we could overhear ED whining about having to sit in the second row, playing second parts throughout the whole concert yada yada yada. Now, ED was sitting DIRECTLY behind me. I should've heard every single note she played but I didn't hear her AT ALL. She must've been so upset that she decided it wasn't worth playing at all. And this just played right into my hands.

We girls then headed out, meeting with our parents and I gave my mother my stuff since I would celebrate a bit with my friends and my flute would just get in the way. Then, our band director came up to me and shook my hand, congratulating me on my first concert as a first chair player. (Is it called like that? I don't know.) He asked me how the leading role for me was and I answered, "It was great. But, you know, I didn't hear ED at all. I don't think she played a single note today. And may I add that she doesn't give a shit about playing in concert band in general? She never tunes her flute right when I tell her to and the whole behaviour she and her mother put up this week was really annoying."

At first, my band director became very pale before his face reddened very dangerously. He just told me to leave that to him. What my plan was you might ask? Since ED wanted the first chair so bad that nothing else was good enough, I wanted to get rid of her. She was going on my nerves even before she joined concert band and I am not having it anymore. S, C and MC have my back and we all knew that BD would not take shit like that, either.

&#x200B;

Later in the evening, MC told me that EM was talking to the mayor when BD approached her. He very clearly said that ED would be banned from concert band for the next months to think about her unacceptable behaviour and that he didn't want ED nor EM anywhere near me. And if he heard one bad thing, he would take LEGAL ACTIONS. My BD threatened to call the police on them for harrassing me. IN FRONT OF THE MAYOR.

I finally got enough karma to post this story here and I really hope you can enjoy it as much as I did writing it!

&#x200B;

TL;DR: EM thinks ED deserves first chair more than me, lies to get her way and ultimately loses.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Oh my god, thank you so much for the gold! Seriously, it amazes me how much feedback I got! Thank you all so much.

&#x200B;

EDIT 2: Since some of you wanted to know, I helped my crush get back with his ex. So, no happy ending for me in that division but hey, I got my revenge.

&#x200B;

EDIT 3: There's an update! ([https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxfjnc/you\_want\_first\_chair\_well\_lets\_battle\_for\_it/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxfjnc/you_want_first_chair_well_lets_battle_for_it/))/nNot too long, TLDR at the bottom.

Since Endgame is coming out soon, my cousin finally told me this story. It seems thematic. This took place in India btw

My cousin went to watch Avengers: Infinity War, and this kid, this fucking kid screamed, rhythmically, in a song-

"Spider-man Dies, Bucky Dies, Falcon Dies and Star Lord Dies," for every victim of the snappening. EVERY DEATH. Gamora, Spider-Man, Vision, Scarlet Witch, EVERY-FUCKING-ONE!

People were shouting at this kid, curses, swearing, threats, everywhere. This bitch's mother just shouts "Why the fuck are you motherfuckers shouting at my kid! It's just a fucking movie assholes!" like she didn't know the cultural importance of this movie. The movie was delayed for ten minutes due to all the noise, and 5 people were kicked out, BUT NOT THE KID!!!

THAT BITCH REPEATED THE SONG OVER AND OVER AGAIN!! His mother slapped a person who tried to stop the bitch. Guess what! The bitch then decided to run to the front. He went to the front of the theatre and flossed. FLOSSED, while singing the same song, again. When the ushers tried to kick him out, the EM SLAPPED THEM! She said that he was just a child (this kid was 12) and it was just a movie, it wasn't like (insert Bollywood movie idk what it was) that was coming out! The usher just spoiled it for her and she blew up. After the frenzy, the Usher then explained that this was what her son was doing to these people.

EM then went up to her son and slapped him, repeatedly, and pulled him by the ear out of the cinema.

The people in the theater were given a free ticket to watch Infinity War in gold class any other day as well as a free ticket for any future film on opening day (my cousin is using this for endgame).

The kid was repeatedly slapped, and by the looks of it, was punished severely. The kid and his mother were apparently banned from the theater, and since this company owned all the nearest cinemas to their city, they had to travel 30 minutes extra to the next city to see a film.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Kid spoils all the deaths from infinity war, mom defends him and eventually both are kicked out of the theater and have to drive an extra 30 minutes to the next one.

Definitely not that crazy, but it was really, really annoying.

Edit: people don’t like the ‘punished severely’ line and so I shall describe him in great detail. He had red hand marks on his face. His knuckles and earlobes were bright red. His eyes were bloodshot, so I think that he cried, etc./nFor context: I walk with a small limp because of damage I received to my knee when I was hit by a car when I was 15. It only hurts when I try to walk "correctly" or stand in one spot for too long. The pain includes sharp stabby pains and burning sensations.

&#x200B;

This happened yesterday when I went out for a walk with my roommate (T). I wanted to go to the Oriental Market across town, and I never walk alone because I freak out when I'm left by myself out in the open (Anxiety). I don't drive because of my knee pain, and my roommate doesn't drive because even she agrees that she's too spacey to be trusted behind the wheel. This walk takes us a little over an hour, but we don't mind. It's nice to get out for a walk.

&#x200B;

As we walked out of the residential areas and into the busier side of town, we did take notice of a father and daughter (6 or 7 maybe) walking behind us. My roommate and I ignored them for the most part, but I could hear the girl ask her dad why I was walking funny. He told her that I was just "playing around." She must have started imitating me because he told her to stop.

&#x200B;

When we got to a busy intersection, my roommate and I stopped and waited for the light to change. As we waited, I kept shifting my weight from one foot to the other to reduce the chance of getting pain in my knee. The man and his daughter stopped right behind us. It was quiet for about a minute before the dad spoke up. (ED = Entitled Dad    LG = Little Girl)

&#x200B;

ED: "Would you mind standing still and not wiggling your hips in front of my daughter?"

&#x200B;

M: "Oh, I'm just shifting. I get pain in my knee if I put my weight on it for too long. We can move back for you two to be ahead of us."

&#x200B;

My roommate and I turned and walked around the two, getting behind them. We didn't really mind. But the little girl watched us walk around them.

&#x200B;

LG: "Dad, she's still walking funny." She seemed to think my limp was amusing. She tried to imitate me again.

&#x200B;

ED: "Stop trying to copy her." He turned to me. "Don't play around like that in front of my daughter. She might hurt herself by copying you. You're being a bad influence."

&#x200B;

M: "I'm not playing around. I have a limp."

&#x200B;

ED: "You're too young to have a limp."  (I actually get this all the time. Older people saying I'm too young for such and such injury blah blah blah)

&#x200B;

T: "She was hit by a car when we were teens. Her knee was damaged."

&#x200B;

ED: "I don't believe that for a second."

&#x200B;

M: "You don't need to believe it. It's my injury."

&#x200B;

At that time, the light changed, and my roommate pointed that out. The guy and his daughter crossed the street ahead of us. I saw the girl try to imitate my limp again. I thought it was really cute actually. Maybe she had just never seen someone with a limp before./nHi guys! First of all I would like to thank you all for the support I received in my first post, I also received a lot of feedback for my english grammar and I am willing to improve it in this new post (for the ones who don’t know about it, English isn’t my native language since I’m Mexican). Anyway, hope you like this one as well.

So, a little backstory, after the incident with my arm due to the entitled parent in my first post, I decided to get into a sport to challenge myself and to practice more with it, so I get all of my mobility back, and so I did with the racquetball. For the one who don’t know it is more less like squash but with a way more big and bouncy ball and also different racquet styles. After almost 2 years of practicing (when I was 15) my trainer told me that I should enter a tournament since the winners would be getting a trip to play in the state tournament and, if winning, also in the national tournament; so, I did it.

Let’s meet the cast!

M= Mom, T= Trainer, EP= Entitled Parent, K= EP’s Son (Cool Adversary by the way), R= Referee, ME: Make your guess…

So, this happened during the quarter finals of the state tournament, it was really hard to get there since many of the participants were experienced people but I managed to get that far, however when it was around 5 minutes for my turn to play against my next opponent I feel someone tap on my shoulder, and here he is… A huge man who seemed to have changed all his hair to his beard just staring at me with a sort of a fake smile and an unnatural killing glare on his eyes. Dialogue was something like this:

EP: Hi

ME: Uh, hello?

EP: So, you do play good boy

ME: Uh, thanks, I suppose…

EP: You know, the boy you are about to face is my son, he has been practicing for this for years

ME (Supposing it was just an attempt to be a good sportier): Well, me too, I suppose it is going to be a really good match then!

EP: Yeah, sure… You will see, I was actually wondering if you could just, you know… Quit?

ME: What?

EP: Yeah, I mean, it is not a big deal, also you will actually do yourself a favor since I know my son would wreck you if you face each other

ME (Actually pissed with his attitude): Ok, then we will see who the best player is

EP: Are you for re…

T: Hey ME, it is your turn now!

EP stopped his sentence and just walks away with a really bad mood, I swear that if glares could kill, his could be the John Wick’s version of them all.

So, the game started, and it was a really good game, we were actually really tied, however I was gaining the lead of it. Just a few minutes later into the game a horn is played (this means that something has happened and the game needs to be stopped), it appears that in the game that was at our side (also to decide the semifinalist) one of the contestants fell off and got a lesion so he wasn’t able to play and needs to get to the hospital. As I got out of the game room to see what has happened I left my racquet at the side of my competitor’s. **HUGE MISTAKE.** So, it appears that while everyone was distracted EP saw it a chance to sabotage me so his son could win, he literally entered the room and DESTROYED my racquet as if a bowling ball had passed through it. Fortunately, this wasn’t unnoticed.

T: HEY, WHAT THE F@#% ARE YOU DOING!

EP: Uhhh, nothing…

M: Hey, that is my son’s racquet! What are you doing to it???

EP (This actually shocked me): Oh well! I was just assuring that nothing happens to them, but when I got here it was like this!

T: WHAT!?! I literally saw you breaking the cords!

R: Sir, I must tell you that this is a several infraction to the game rules, your son can’t longer play in the tournament…

EP: This isn’t fair! I didn’t do anything! Surely it is just a poor trick of him (referring to my trainer) to get his student to the semifinals, since he can’t do a damn thing against my son!

R: Well, this can be arranged by simply looking at the cameras that are recording the matches

Suddenly, every inch of security in EP’s face vanished, I just limited myself to observe the show

R: Ok sir, I am sorry but as the camera shows you are guilty so your son will be disqualified

K: Oh, not this again… Thanks for not trusting in me dad, even if I couldn’t win, it was because my opponent was better and deserved to win fairly

EP: Oh, come on! I was just trying to help you! I am sure you could win anyways!

ME: Then why did you sabotage me instead of trusting him?

At this moment, a mix of rage and embarrassment was showed in both, EP’s face and voice

EP: This doesn’t concern you! Also, don’t be that confident, you don’t have a racquet so you can’t play anyways!

K: No dad, this does concerns him since you broke his racquet, and yes, he does have a racquet!

At this point I was actually surprised since K grabbed his own racquet (which was way newer than mine from what I could see and was way more expensive as well) and give it to me.

K: Please take it as an apology for my dad’s behavior, I hope you win the tournament.

At this moment my mom and trainer arrive with the security of the place, so they take EP away with his son (EP was enraged at this moment because his son was on my side of the dispute). T asked M if she wanted to press charges but she said that I was the one who should take that decision to which I happily said no since I actually got winning a new racquet in that situation and I felt bad for K having to deal with his dad. What happened next was that I got myself into the finals but ended up losing against the one who actually made it into the semifinals in the national tournament. For what I can tell of EP, he received obligatory parenting courses and is a way better person now, also K is one of my best friends nowadays. So, that’s it, hope you liked this post, if I see you like it I will probably upload another one next week. Also, if you see any misspelling or something like that, please tell me in the comments so I can correct it later.

See you folks!/nSo, I'm probably going to overload you with context on this, as I like to make sure everyone is on the same page as much as I can. For starters, one of my many expensive hobbies that I've had to back-burner since losing my house is RC. Cars, trucks, boats, not so much aircraft, I'm better at crashing those than flying them. Sometimes I go to parks to drive them around, so I have my share of EP and EK stories from that, and I can share some if there's interest, but most of them are pretty boring. But yesterday I found a discontinued truck at a pawn shop, [this one.](http://imgur.com/a/8OlcTb1) They dropped the price from $120 to $80, a steal considering to get a new one and put on all the upgrade parts it had would have totaled about $600. I couldn't pass up that kind of deal, and had been looking for a Slash 2wd chassis previously anyway, so I snagged it. Figured I'd toss it in my storage space and deal with it later for that price. Until I got to my storage space it was sitting on the passenger seat of my car, which admittedly was my mistake. I stopped at the bank to do some things and came back out to a lady and her kid standing next to my car looking in the passenger side window. Kid was probably 9 or 10.

EM, EK and Me: yeah, don't think I need to explain those



Me: Hi, can I help you with something?

EM: Is this your car? 

Me: Haha yeah, too broke to drive anything prettier. Why, is something wrong?

EM: is that your toy truck on the seat?

Me: Uh yeah, just snagged that yesterday. Bit beat up, but I got a good deal. 

EM: How much?

Me: Hmm? (I was thinking she was asking how much I paid for it, but wasn't sure)

EM: How much do you want for it? I'll give you ten dollars.

Me: Yeah, sorry, I'm not selling it, and they're more than ten dollars anyway.

EM: Why won't you sell it? I'm making you an offer.

Me: Mhm, you did, and that doesn't mean I have to sell it to you. (At this point I was getting my car key out and about to get in my car, I've encountered plenty of nutjobs when I sold things for my parents at a flea market for years, I could see where this was going.)

EM: But you have to sell it to me, I made you an offer! What do you even need toys for, you're too old for that!

Me: (Opening the driver's door of my car) Nah, I'm good, have a good day though.

EM: What, are you some kind of pedophile then? You keep toys in your car to lure kids in? Is that why you won't sell it? (this would make sense if I drove a white van or something, but I drive an old silver VW Golf, not exactly a car matching the stereotype)

Me: (While getting in my car and closing the door) 'Kay, I'm going to go now.

And that was it, I drove off. Ultimately it was a strange encounter, but nothing like some of the stories here. There was no assault, no cops, no yelling, her kid didn't even say anything, he just kinda stood there. She didn't yell after me or anything, just looked a little disappointed and walked off, which led me to believe she tried using calling me a pedo as a way to leverage me to give her the truck. Oh well. 

TL;DR: apparently I'm a pedo because I won't sell an expensive RC truck for $10./nSo, back in December I was doing what I consider as an online job. I use PayPal to load the money on to, and I have the PayPal master card if I wanna buy something. EM knows this and decided to use this to her advantage.

I’m a 14 year old boy, I was saving up to build my computer and all of the money was being sent to a special account. Now, she gets foods stamps on 20th and a social security check on the 1st. This was December 29th. Basically after Christmas, which I didn’t even celebrate. 

So I left my computer open at my PayPal, I have around $600 saved at the time and it said, labeled “Computer Fund”. She walked in my room, without knocking I hate when people do that, and this is how the conversation went.

Me-Me
Mom-EM

EM- Hey what’s that?

Me- Um, Nothing. Just my bank.

She takes a closer look.

EM- That’s a lot of money.

I struck it off and played on my phone

EM- So you know there’s not that much food in the house.

I have an idea where this is going and I turn off your computer.

EM- What was that for.

Me- The computer doesn’t need to be on, it’s just wasting electricity and I’m done using it.

EM- I WAS USING IT!

Me- Um no you weren’t. Plus you can’t use it without my permission.

EM- YES I CAN IM YOUR MOM

Me- So? I bought this computer for 27 dollars on eBay to hold me off while I save for my new computer parts.

EM- IM YOUR MOTHER WHAT EVER YOU BUY IS MINE! NOW GIVE ME YOUR MONEY!

Me- What?!

EM- IT JUST SAID YOU HAVE $600 NOW GIVE ME $300 TO GET FOOD FOR THE HOUSE

Me- NO! I work for my money. You sit on your ass and don’t leave the house unless it’s the 20th and the 1st.

EM- DONT TALK TO ME LIKE THAT! IM YOUR MOTHER

Me- Using the same FUCKING come back for every argument. You being a mom isn’t my fault.

EM- Either give me the money or you have to leave.

Me- Wait so let me get this straight

If you have never read this post tiny backstory. My dad got arrested and I was staying with a friend. My mom pressed runaway charges on me because she got upset that my first thought wasn’t to take an 2 hour bus ride to her house and live there. Then she got me kicked out of school and forced to live with her.

Me- So your gonna file a false police report to force me to live here and when I don’t wanna be your pimp your gonna kick me out while it’s snowing?

EM- No! JUST GIVE ME $300

Me- NO! Go get a job, you haven’t had a real job since I was 1.

EM- Yes I have!

Me- A job you went too for 1 day then never went back, isn’t a job it’s a favor you don’t get paid for.

EM- Shut up and give me money so your brothers have food to eat!

Me- First off, they have food. Second I’m the only one here with no food. I’m the only one here that doesn’t like the exact same food as them. It’s not an issue (I have bulimia) if I really want food I’ll go get me some but I have 0 interest in wasting my time and money when you get $750 in 3 days

EM- Ok! If you won’t help me then you aren’t gonna eat when I go get food

Me- Let me record you saying that so I can call CPS.

EM- You can’t be here anymore

Me- I would love to see you call the police

She left the room and I think it goes without saying. The police never came. They probably told her, “mam your kid not giving you money he earned isn’t an emergency.” Anyways that’s story #6 about my entitled mom, that’s for reading.



Edit 1: To those who said to change my password, she doesn’t know it. I just shut the computer off to keep her from seeing it/nHello again readers! Sorry I've been away for a while. Father's Day had a bit of bad news for the family. Dad hurt his back pretty bad while he was working on his garden, and his doctors had him restricted to home and rest so that he can recover. At best, he should be better by the end of summer, so its going to be a long road to recovery. He's been pretty depressed being cooped up in his house with the back pain, so we've been trying to cheer him up as best we can.

But on with the stories you've come here for! And I know everyone has been asking for the story of the Divorce of Linda...but that is at the end of my tales. You're going to need more of the body of the stories before we can jump to the end. Good things come to those who wait...and based on the title of this story...this could add fuel to the fire for those of you readers who have learned to hate Linda as I do.

Previous chapters of the Saga of Stepmother Linda:

1. **Your Dad could have died, but you don't need to know that.** (Introduction to Linda in the Preface) [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxglyc/your\_dad\_could\_have\_died\_but\_you\_dont\_need\_to/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxglyc/your_dad_could_have_died_but_you_dont_need_to/)
2. **You joined the Navy, WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE?!**[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/by24ni/you\_joined\_the\_navy\_why\_are\_you\_still\_here/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/by24ni/you_joined_the_navy_why_are_you_still_here/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x)
3. **About My Dad** (Mid chapter filler)[https://www.reddit.com/user/SaturnGrl/comments/c16aku/about\_my\_dad/](https://www.reddit.com/user/SaturnGrl/comments/c16aku/about_my_dad/)

&#x200B;

Our Cast for today's story:

Me: Your Narrator

Dad: My Dad

Gma: My Grandma (My paternal grandparents were living with us at this time too)

Linda: The Linda.

Linus: Linda's Puppy.

Max: Beautiful Bonky Boy

&#x200B;

When I was about 8 years old, our family was given 2 puppies from a litter a neighbor's dog had birthed. They were mixed breed mutt pups, and the owner said he couldn't really sell them, so they gave them away to families that were willing to adopt them. I got a chocolate brown girl puppy, and my sister got a white male puppy with a gold stripe down his back. Now my little brown girl sadly died when she was hit by a car when she got loose and ran out into the street, but my sister cheered me up when she said her puppy, named Max, would be shared between us.

Max looked like a White Labrador + Golden Retriever mix. I think the litter mother was a lab. He had the body, head, and coat of a lab, but his muzzle and golden patch on his back, and longer hair on his tail looked like a golden retriever. He was beautiful...and dumb as a brick. I am not being mean, he was hilariously dumb. One of the best derps of nature I have ever known. Just a quick example of this; we could NEVER have a screen door for our back doors. Max must have plain disbelieved in their existence, because all other animals would see and wait for the door to be opened. NOT MAX! He walked straight through any screen door in his path, never slowing his pace. His nose was always torn up and bleeding from this happening, but he would sit there, happily panting in the back yard, with blood dripping from his nose, totally oblivious to the damage he did to the screen door, and himself. After one too many door repairs, and nose bleeds in the house, My dad banished screen doors from our homes for Max's sake.

8-years later, and into the years of Linda...My sister had been kicked out at 18 and pregnant, so Max became my responsibility and my buddy. Linda had dogs of her own and they were far older than Max, but they got along with him, despite his larger size. She didn't like Max because she said he was too big, but there was nothing she could do to get rid of him without resistance. Linda's dogs did pass away not long after she joined our family. I did feel sorry for her when her dogs died. I love dogs, regardless, and I pitied her. But, it didn't take her long to go out and get a new puppy, a Cairn Terrier that she named Linus...yes, he was named after the Peanuts character. She mainly named this pup out of spite, because my sister refused to name her baby (my nephew) Linus, like Linda suggested. Linda suggested the name because we were in the hospital waiting room watching A Charlie Brown Christmas on the TV set, and during Linus's "Meaning of Christmas" speech, the doctors announced my nephew's arrival and allowed family to see them. Thank goodness my sister stood her ground and refused to name my nephew Linus. Moving on, however...

Max didn't seem to really mind Linus at first, and sniffed the pup and played a little, but introducing dogs to new pups takes time, training, and they learn each other's smell, personality and communicate their own "pack" rules. Now Max, he had a large pillow that he would go and lay on, and this was "His Space". My grandparents also had a small dog, and their dog knew to never go near that pillow when Max needed his space. Linus, being a new puppy, didn't know better.

We were sitting in the living room. I was by Max as he lay on his pillow, petting him and helping him to relax. Linus bounded over playfully to Max on his pillow. Max, being the "old man" at 8 years old, gave a "Get off my lawn!" growl at the pup when Linus tried to jump on his paws. I scolded Max, telling him to be nice, and shooed the puppy away. Linus hopped away at first, but bounded back again, jumping on the pillow to try and get at Max's tail. Max quickly sat up and barked loudly twice at the pup, showing his teeth, but not biting. The pup shrieked and yelped away, running for Linda. I scolded Max, and calmed him down again.

Me: C'mon Max. He's just a baby. You gotta be patient. We'll go for a walk after dinner...

Linda storms in, hugging Linus: THAT DOG ATTACKED LINUS!

Me: What?! No Max was-...

Linda: SHUT UP! I HEARD IT! HE HURT LINUS! I HEARD LINUS CRYING AFTER HE BARKED LIKE A BEAST!

Me: Linus tried to get into Max's space. Max just barked to scare Linus. He didn't bite...

Linda: THAT MONSTER IS TOO OLD AND DANGEROUS! HE'LL KILL LINUS!

Me hugging Max around the neck: No! He was just getting Linus away from his pillow! Max didn't hurt him!

Linda kept screaming about how dangerous Max was until my Dad and Grandma came in and calmed things down. After dinner, I took Max for a walk, like we always did in the evenings except during winters. Aside from trying to chase his sworn enemies (any and all squirrels), he was just happy and prancing as we walked down to the park, played and rolled in the grass, and then headed home once the mosquitoes started to swarm.

I went to school the next morning, after making sure Max had food and water, and giving him a loving pat before I left. 7am to 3pm...school is out and I head home. I walk up to the front door...Max didn't come to greet me.

I walk in and look in the back yard...Max isn't there.

I go to my room...Max isn't there.

I look in the garage (Linda would put him there sometimes...)...Max isn't there.

I start to freak out. My Grandma hears me scrambling around in a panic and comes down from her room.

Gma: OP, What's the matter, sweetie?

Me: I can't find Max! Did he escape the back yard?! I should go find him!

Gma: Shh, shh, shh! Honey, calm down...your dad and Linda took Max earlier.

Me: Took him?...where?

Gma: They didn't say. I'm sure they will be home soon.

I sat on the couch, a mess of anxiety and shaking. Dad and Linda came home a few hours later, just before dinner...Max was not with them.

Me, still shaking: Dad....where...is...Max?

Dad sighs: We had him put to sleep.

Me breaking down: ...why...WHY?!

Dad: He was getting old, and his eye sight was getting bad. And Linda said he lunged and tried to bite Linus this morning...

Me now in tears and ugly crying: That...can't be true! Max would never...

Linda: Well, he DID. He TRIED to bite Linus! I saw it!

Dad: His eyesight going bad is probably why he would bite. He didn't see it was Linus.

Me: Max was only 8...years old. He was healthy...he was able to...see squirrels...

Linda: Well, its DONE! Get over it! At least NOW we'll have some more room without a big dumb dog like THAT in this house anymore.

I fled to my room and bawled. Max was a good furry buddy and friend to me. I knew in my heart Linda lied to my dad to kill Max. Max was able to see and chase squirrels with no problem what-so-ever, so I knew his eyesight wasn't the issue. Linda found her opportunity to get rid of Max and she took advantage of it, making my dad take Max while I was at school so I could not protest and protect my dog.

And the biggest insult to injury? Linda got a second puppy shortly after she murdered Max. Another Cairn Terrier pup, she named Rufus. And, you know how dogs tend to take after their owners? Is there such a thing as an entitled dog? Linus and Rufus were like little attack carpet sharks that would do her bidding. Hard to say that there were dogs I didn't like...but I did not like those two. These were also the two dogs whose ground dog  training Linda prioritized over my Dad's heart attack.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Linda gets a new puppy and murdered my dog...that's pretty much it.

Sorry if I brought any tears to anyone's eyes with this story. Just writing out this memory made me cry as well. Max deserved better, and should have been allowed to live a full life. Don't let the entitled get away with crimes against our furry friends. Don't let what happened to Max, happen to any other beloved pupper butters.

Much love, Friends.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you for the Gold and Silver on this story, and thank you all for all your supportive comments, and suggestions for revenge. But this story happened years ago, in the late 1990's, back when I was a teenager, suffering from depression, anxiety, and I was a very timid and weak-willed person. Linda was a bully, through and through, and she would always manipulate my dad to do what she wanted, and yes, my dad obeyed her with barely a question. I do believe if I was at home to protect Max, Linda wouldn't have been able to convince my dad of the lunging and biting story she told him, but it was only a matter of time before I would be out of the house, and she would have done it anyway. I will always miss and love that dog, but all my fur babies are safe now that Linda was given the boot from our family back in the mid 2000's. So I have no need to get any physical revenge on her, and my best revenge is to tell her stories to that you fellow readers can spot your own "Lindas" in your lives and stop them before they spread their evil.

Also, please don't wish pain and suffering on my Dad, especially with his current condition. Yes, these stories will tell of some of his worst mistakes, but please try to understand that he really isn't a bad person because of this past. Believe me, he suffered enough and paid for his mistakes many years ago. There are more reasons to the whats and whys about my dad in my profile, if you would like to read it and get to understand who my dad was and is. Its up to you. \^\_\^/n~Suicide trigger warning~


So a little back story, I have been struggling with depression, suicidal thoughts, anxiety and PTSD for years. I used to live in a toxic home with a very entitled abusive and controlling mother.  I was extremely depressed and I hated life. I had finally had enough and so I tried to kill myself. It did not work(obviously) but I nearly died and was rushed to hospital. When we got there my mom was extremely worried about me (as any mother would be, or so I thought) but once I was admitted Into the psych ward that’s when her entitlement came out. 

When I was in there I was allowed an hour of visiting time every other day. My mother used this time to tell me how my suicide attempt made her look bad and “what will my coworkers say when they find out what my daughter tried to kill herself.” And “you doing this has made me look like a bad mother.” And other things like that. My entire hospital stay my mother kept telling me that if I said anything bad about her (tell the truth) I could get her fired and ruin her career more than I already had, so being a scared 15 year old I lied and protected her when I was supposed to be healing. 

After I left the ward I was put into therapy and my mom talked to my therapist and said that her main concern were the “lies” I had said about her, not that fact the her kid tried to kill herself, no. She was more concerned about me telling people about the abuse and making her look bad than her own kid trying to end her life. Also she insisted on being there in the therapy session with me and would often hijack the sessions and use them for herself (or try to, I had an amazing therapist that would not take her bs, and they fought a fair few times.) 

Not the classic entitlement story but the fact that she thought her reputation was more important than my life and mental health really pisses me off even to this day.
This was 4 years ago and I am in a much better place now.  I moved out the next year and am now thriving. 👍

TLDR:
Mother is more concerned about her own reputation than her daughter’s life and mental well being.

Edit 1: I am now living on my own in a different state than my EM

Edit 2: We are still in contact and things are going a lot better now. I have set boundaries with her and she has respected them. Her life hasn’t been the greatest and me moving out kinda was a brutal wake up call for her. At first she fought and tried to manipulate me and others to get me to come home but slowly she let go and stopped. Now we see each other on my terms. /nAnother Karen on a plane post reminded me of this lovely experience last month.

Due to a new procurement process clusterfuck at work nobody cares about, I booked a flight to my conference destination really late. All that was left were middle seats or ponying up personally for an upgrade, which wasn't going to happen for a relatively short flight.

Out in the boarding area, they announced many, many times that it was a full flight and kept begging people to gate check their bags. It wasn't subtle.

After they let all the military, first class, frequent flyers and blah blah need more time people board, my group got to plod down the jetway. Once we got onto the plane, I could see my fate before me. A Wild Karen was sitting in an aisle seat, the middle was piled with Karen crap (backpack, electronic devices, stuffed animal, snacks), and a miniature Karen was over in the window seat happily kicking the empty seat in front of her so hard it was visibly shaking. Joy. That's... counts rows... definitely mine.

When I got to the row, I pointed to the middle seat to indicate it's mine. Karen did not budge or move a single thing from that craphenge. I tried again with the whole, "Sorry, that's my seat." routine. She snapped at me, "Sit somewhere else." I'm all, can't do that. Full flight. This is my assigned seat.

Well, Karen wasn't having that. Did I know what kind of day she'd had? It had started the day before. Their flight was diverted. They missed their connection. They slept in the airport overnight. They. Just. Need. A. Little. Space. Sit. Somewhere. Else. And she shoved her knees up full against the seat in front of her blocking my way into the crappy even before she loaded it with Karen Cruft middle seat. Then she shut her eyes and pretended to be asleep.

I slam the flight attendant button over her head and awkwardly crouch in the row behind so people can get past. We'd already made a scene and clogged up boarding. As I crouched there, I realized nothing about Karen's story made sense. We weren't at the big city airport where flights sometimes did get diverted. We were at the tiny regional airport that only had a couple airlines that flew to a few major hubs. No connections happened there. There also weren't a bunch of other people griping about missed connections, diversions or having slept in the airport. When a tiny regional has that happen, you know. Everybody knows. Karen was probably full of shit.

Anyhow, the saintly flight attendant (SFA) arrived to ask what was wrong. She checked my ticket. Yeah, that was unfortunately my seat. Then she asked Karen to see her and the kid's tickets. Karen kept her eyes closed and continued to pretend to be asleep. I don't know how she thought that would work, but the flight attendant shook her shoulder several times and kept speaking loudly to her. You must remember, boarding is going on all around this. People were hefting bags, trying to find seats and the usual loud mayhem. It was ridiculous..

SFA finally told Karen that if she didn't respond, paramedics would be called about an unresponsive passenger. That got Karen's attention. She popped up and demanded, "What? I'm trying to sleep!" and then went off on the same rant she did at me about her travel nightmare and needing the space. SFA explained that it was a full flight, all the seats were booked, standby passengers were waiting for any extras, and Karen needed to let me sit.

This sent Karen into wails over being separated from her baby by a stranger. SFA pointed out that she booked the aisle and window seats herself leaving that separation, so she could either ask me to swap or sit in them as assigned. That set off another rant. Apparently some frequent flyer/travel advice site out there says to book window/aisle and hope nobody sits in the middle so you get free space. I imagine this works on flights that aren't full. This one was full. Karen swore she got that tip for how to get an extra seat free off Airline's website, and threw quite the shit fit that after they told her to do that she was being punished by being separated from her baaaaaybeeeeeeeeeee.

Meanwhile, the people in the row in front arrived and mini-Karen was still kicking away like she was at soccer practice. It was so bad the guy in the window seat didn't even want to sit down. He leaned over and asked the kid to stop kicking. Mini-Karen let out an unholy wail of, "STRANGER!" that she had apparently been trained to do if a stranger spoke to her.

Karen turned from her screaming fit at the flight attendant to take in the scene of an adult man the row in front looking at her child in horror and the child wailing, "STRANGER!" at the top of her lungs only to turn right back to the flight attendant while pointing at the dude and demanding, "Get this pedophile off this plane immediately!"

That's where SFA went from firm and reasonable to utterly brilliant. She sagely nodded at Karen, "We can't remove him from the flight because he hasn't done anything to your child, but we can certainly get you two re-seated if you're not comfortable with your current location and situation. Gather your things. We'll take you up to the desk and see if there are any upgrades available to the more space seats."

It was amazing. Karen puffed up in self importance as she gathered her now happy spawn and all their crap. She threw elbows like mad shoving her way upstream past all the people still trying to board. She'd heard the magic word "upgrade" and she was going to get there before it was gone!

I sort of cursed to myself that they probably were upgrading her to make her calm the bleep down, and was not thrilled that her ridiculous display worked. Then SFA's co-worker came back to ask if I preferred the window or aisle to my middle seat. Aisle, thanks. At least I got that, right? It got better.

SFA's co-worker explained that I could relax because Karen and EK wouldn't be returning. There were no upgrades. It was faster/easier to get them off the flight that way than calling security. They filled the seats with waiting standby passengers, and presumably Karen had plenty of space to sit next to her mini-Karen in the terminal while waiting for the next flight.

Well played, SFA. Well played.

Edited: fixed a couple of bad typos. Sorry!

tl:dr: Karen books the aisle and window seat for herself and her evil kid, tells me to go sit somewhere else on a full flight when I have the middle. They need it because <probably lies>. Fit tossed. Another passenger is accused of being a pedophile for asking the kid to stop kicking his seat. Flight attendant convinces them to leave the plane in search of upgrades. They don't return./nFirst of all, English isn't my native language, this happened in the April this year in Serbia
Believing or not, Karens also exist in Serbia and other Balkan countries.

Now...the cast
EM - Entitled Mother/Teacher
M - Me
P - Principal
F - Friend

Alright, let's begin
It was a peaceful spring day, I am in school having my Serbian Language class.
We had a new teacher at beginning of the 8th grade, my whole class hated her. She didn't pay much attention to us and everyone was using their phones and stuff. She sees most of them but ignores them most of the times. But she pays most of the attention to me and my friend since we're are messing in class often and she will warn us about every single this we do. Example:
I asked my friend if I can borrow her pencil. She warned me and threatened me to send me to the principal
My friend moved his chair, it made some noise, she warned him, you get the point
Now, one day I was using my phone like everyone else in our class. About 10 minutes passed and eventually she saw me, usually when she takes someone else's phone, she gives them their phone at the end of the class. But when she saw me...oooh crap. Here's how the conversation goes
EM: Mark(not my real name)! Are you using the phone in MY class?!
M: Uhh...no(I lied)
EM: How dare you lie to me! Give that phone!
M:*gives the phone thinking she will give it back at the end of the class*

After that the class ends, I come to EMs desk
M: Can I have my phone back?
EM: No! I will give this phone to my daughter! You don't need it!
M: You have no right, now give me my phone back or I will have to call the principal.
EM:Call the principal, I will tell him that you were using it in my class.
M: Still tho, you can't steal my phone like that
EM: oh yes I can, grow up, stop whining!

Here enters my friend to defend me

F: EM, you can't take his phone away, that is stealing someone else's property!
EM: and who are you to defend him? It was clear that he has been using it, that's what he deserves
F: Yeah I also saw that you hate him the most, you always give other students their phones back when you see them using it!

At this point, EM leaves the classroom and goes to the Teacher's room (idk how's it called on English but here it's Зборница/Zbornica)

I got annoyed by her behavior.
During the break I went to the principal with my friend I kindly knock on the door, here's how the conversation goes:
P: Hello M & F, what do you need?
M: Good Morning, I came here because EM, the Serbian Language teacher took my phone and won't give it back because her daughter needs it. She usually gives it back to other students.
F: And also, she hates M and me the most and wants to ruin our grades in the most legit way possible
P: Interesting, other students also reported her for similar reason, I will talk to her okay? Now go back to your class.
M & F: Thank you

At the end P talked to EM, she told him that we lied and that she never took my phone, I got called to principal again. EM was in his office too 
P: EM says that you lied and she didn't steal your phone. Why did you lie to me?

My phone had the password so I knew what to do

M: Okay, if she did not steal it, Mrs EM, unlock the phone! 

She was frozen and she kept trying but failed.

P: EM, unlock the phone.
EM: *fails*
M: Give it to me, *unlocks it*
P: EM, why did you take his phone? 
EM: THAT'S NOT HIS PHONE, IT'S MINE, HE HAS SEEN MY PASSWORD WHEN I WAS UNLOCKING IT
M: Okay then, if it is your phone, then show me some of your pictures.
EM: *Opens gallery and P sees my pictures there*
P: M, take your phone and go back to classroom, EM we need to talk.

After that she was fired for stealing my phone and for harassing other students in the past
I have more Entitled Parent stories, leave a comment if you like this one

Edit: Thank you for Gold kind stranger!/nA few years ago my 7 year old niece (DN for Darling Niece)  was placed in hospital for congenital heart defects. Family from all over the place came down for support, and since I was the favorite aunt that went without question that I'd be there. The surgery went smoothly but for the next few days when she had to recover in the ICU and we were given explicit instructions to disinfect before entering the room. Mostly everyone followed the rules, but here comes in my aunt-in-law (AIL) and her husband (H). I happened to be the only one there because I agreed to stay behind and give DN company as everyone else goes to the cafeteria to eat.

Me: Oh hey AIL and H, how are you?

H: Hey MomoGurl! looking better than ever

Me: (I completely ignore his comment) Umm I didn't see either of you use hand sanitizer as you walked in here, DN just had open heart sur-

AIL: MomoGurl don't be so uptight! We just wanted to see DN!

AIL moves over to DN who looks very uncomfortable and I get up from my chair to put myself between AIL and DN, I finally notice that AIL has a runny nose and a slight cough.

Me: Are you sick AIL? I can't let you near DN if you are

AIL: Oh don't worry it's just the flu! The doctor said I will be fine to see DN

H: Yeah sweetheart just let my wife see DN

DN all this time is telling them to go away and they wouldn't listen so I run out to the desk and tell them there are people with the flu trying to see DN. The people stationed there immediately ask AIL and H to leave but not without AIL calling me a prude bitch while she was at it.

DN made a full recovery and is now a very active kid. So it's a happy ending for mostly everyone!/nAs post here reminded me of something from my past that would more than fit here.  Also probably going to be long and sorry for formatting on cell phone.

ED: my dad

ES: my step mom and aunt (will explain)

M: my mom

N: nurse

Me: the hero we all need

OK some back story.
My parents divorced when I was 7.  Hate each others guts.  I lived with my dad mostly due to reasons that are too complicated to write out.  Main one being finances.  I was on his health insurance as well.  He also knew I had these painful periods...my mom did not until it was too late.  She is the reason I got checked out more throughly.

My dad married my aunt by marriage and still called her aunt cause she had kids with my blood uncle.  They divorced about 20 years ago before my dad married her.

They had been married for maybe 3 months when I found out I had a massive teratoma tumor.  About the size of a football.  Doctor was worried it could be cancer or I would lose an ovary.  I had some bad really bad pain for a long time but just thought it was normal period stuff.  I was 22 when the tumor was found.

So I had the surgery scheduled and both my parents said they would be there...  However things got stupid.

M: You said your dad would be here right?

Me: yeah I need to check in though.  Mee you in the waiting area, OK?

Mom leaves and I go check in.

I come to the waiting area and see my dad and step mom aunt...making out.

My mom is looking at them and does not look happy.

I am not happy either. 

Me: Hey dad...

ED: oh hey how are you doing.  

Me: fine...

I sit next to my mom.
A few minutes later nurse comes out to get me ready for surgery, she said I could have someone come sit with me.  I ask my mom since my dad and aunt are too busy again...

Mom:  I can't believe what he is doing.  I am sorry about this... He is probably doing that because of me.  

Me: no reason to apologize to him.

We talk for a bit before I am rolled out for surgery.  Surgery gets done and I am waking up.  I am fully expecting my mom and dad and aunt being there.

Only my mom is.  The surgery went much better than expected.  But I still have to stay overnight.  My mom stays with me.

The next morning I am in a lot of pain since I am no longer on morphine and nurse said I need to get my pain meds.

Mom offers to get them since I am in no condition to but... She can't since she isn't on my insurance and I am on my dad.

We call my dad and he said he would be there in a few hours.

My mom blows up on him. Saying your daughter just had major surgery and is in pain!  And you aren't even here to help get her home!  You are worthless!

N: I can give you two pills if its not possible to go down to grab them...

I think she is feeling bad for me and most likely isn't supposed to unless its for more dire reason's.

Anyway I take them, roll down to the pharmacy with my mom after they kick in.  Still not feeling great.

Head home and my dad isn't even home...

My mom stays with me until he shows up hours later.  Its well into evening at this point.

Mom: so I thought who couldn't go out for several hours?  

Dad: oh well I had things to do and...

Mom: shut up.  (Turns to me)

Mom: if you need anything let me know.  Will you be OK here?  

Me: yeah my brother is here and can help me.  (Brother was at work and school during this time.  He is 18.)

Mom: OK. I love you. I need to head home, for work tomorrow.

Me: love you too. 

Mom leaves.

I stare at my dad livid.

Dad: What you were fine.

Me: that's not the fucking point.  

I go to my room and don't talk to him for some time.

He never apologized to this day and the icing on the cake?  He never offered to help me with anything.  Even though it was technically his fault I got the tumor.

Edits: sorry for not responding much went to bed shortly after posting.  Work nightshift if anyone wonders why bed in middle of the day. 

Anyways thank you all for your kind words. 

Some common questions I should answer though.

My aunt was married to my dads brother. Also another fun fact is my dad cheated on my mom with her in the past...while my aunt was married too.  

I am not from Alabama. Lol. I always get an interesting reaction to my current family makeup.  I honestly don't view my step mom as family at all anymore.  For good reasons.

Some people wondered why I was living with my father.  Well...I was fresh out of college during the recession.  Barely was making any money.  Paying for the surgery also drained my income.  I did move out a couple months later to my moms place.  From there I got better pay after about a year and moved out on my own.  

I did not have cancer but apparently I could get another tumor maybe.  Its apparently somehow hereditary.  My mom and grandma both had similar issues that I never knew about.


Many people wonder why I blame my dad for the tumor.  I am not saying he caused the tumor...but I had symptoms for many years and he never thought to take me to the doctor.  Also if he did take me I wouldn't of suffered so much for so long.  He also kept me away from my mom for many years and made me belief she didn't love me.  I started talking to my mom around the time the tumor was found. She is the reason I even thought to get checked out.  I have a much better relationship with her and am happy I could build that before it was too late./n  

Hello, so this story happened to me for over a year and I think and hope it has finally stopped. Here is some backstory, after a painful break up with a guy I was really into, I went back with my EX and after a month ended up pregnant. Because of my religious background I decided to keep the baby and break up with my EX, he was 6 years older than me (27 years) and was starting over his career, had no work, lived of his parent’s money and was a jerk to his pets. Spent all his remaining money on plants (it was his hobbies) all while I was pregnant. He dismissed all my symptoms like morning sickness, dizziness, weakness, mood swings as something I was making up. Seeing I was going to have no future with him and that he might even end up abusing our child as he did with his dog, a sweet pit bull named Andromeda that got constant beatings when he was not in the mood. So I broke up with him, and he was shocked, he was sure that now that I was pregnant with his child I would not escape him. He even tried proposing to me but I said no, that I had no future with him and that he better leave me alone. During my first 3 months of pregnancy my thoughts of being better off alone where confirmed when he mistreated me emotionally saying all my morning sickness, nausea and all the other pregnancy symptoms where psychological because they were too early on into the pregnancy, he forced me to go to parties, walk long distances and to visit his family even though I was feeling really sick, so after 3 months of torture I broke up with him.

The next month he came over to my house, called and tried to persuade my parents to tell me to get back with him, my parents told him to speak to me and that they won’t deal with our relationship. My parents are really supportive of me, you see I was born in Russia but moved to Ecuador when I was small. I have fair skin, hair and eyes in the country where I live mostly everyone has dark features. I was seen as a trophy because of my heritage and looks. He showed me off when we were together to all his family and I found out it was his family tradition to marry people from out the country to have a higher status.

Meanwhile my EX’s parents, let’s call them Bob and Karen where being all nice and sweet to me, I never had any trouble with them and considered them really nice people until now. They texted me to ask how I was feeling and if I needed anything, but by that time I decided I didn’t want any contact with the family, I wouldn’t take money from him for childcare because I didn’t want any visits, tho I was planning on allowing Bob and Karen to visit and take care of the baby. EX wasn’t really worried about the baby and was more thinking about winning me back but when he found out it was not going to happen he left the case all together.

Fast-forward my pregnancy I start dating my best friend (let’s call him Isaac) and he helps me thought the pregnancy and is there with me even during child birth, everything goes well and I have a precious baby girl I fall in love with her immediately. Everything goes well when I get a text from Bob saying he was…. Outside my house and for me to come out because he had some gifts for baby. You see in Ecuador there is a culture where you have to call beforehand about a week prior to visiting and it was high disrespect if you just showed up at someone’s house demanding to be let in. I got slightly irritated by this fact but came out.

He and his wife Karen where there and handed me a bag of gifts from all the family members they told about me and the pregnancy and said if they could see baby, I told them that at the moment she was sleeping and we didn’t want to let anyone in so she wouldn’t wake up, she was really small yet about 3 weeks I think. The sweet couple’s face turned and twisted into pissed off entitled grandparents, Karen struck with her fist against their car (a small Chevrolet aveo) and the father just grumbled but then calmed down and said that they gave me presents and now have the right to visit their grandchild, that I MUST allow them in and that Karen wanted to hold her.

You see, to me, respect is really important and I can’t stand being disrespected, I just gave birth three weeks ago, can barely walk and now they want to come in and hold MY baby? No way, I just changed my mind about allowing them in her life. So the conversation went as following:

Me: Excuse me but I can’t let you in right now, she is sleeping and wakes up easily.

Bob: Oh come onnnnn… it’s just a baby, she will fall asleep right after a few minutes, just let us come in, Karen has come all this way to carry her.

Me: Ummm.. sorry but it’s a no, thanks for the gifts tho, next time it would be nice if you called prior to coming so I can make sure everything is ready for your visit and you might get to hold her.

Karen: YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO HOLD THE BABY AWAY FROM US, EVEN IF YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH EX DIDN’T WORK, SHE IS OUR GRANDCHILD.

Me: I understand but as I said before, I really don’t want to wake her up….

Karen: HOW DAAAAAARE YOU DISRESPECT ME, THAT IS OUR BABY AND WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO SEE HER, BRING HER OUT NOW.

Me: No, sorry, I can’t……

Bob: (cutting me off) That baby is worth a lot to us, you know that in our family bloodline is very important, we need to take pictures of her and send them, did she get blonde hair and green eyes like you?

Me: She has amber hair and blue eyes…

Bob: That will do, bring her out now.

Me: Sorry, I am tired, I usually sleep when she sleeps so I’m going in right now.

Karen: BOB DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, SHE IS KIDNAPPING OUR BABY AND KEEPING IT AWAY FROM US…

I close the door behind me feeling in shock, they treat my baby as if she was a dog that had pedigree and they wanted to show her pictures to the other family they had. I did not like this one bit. I went inside while Bob was trying to calm Karen assuring her that I would let them see the baby next visit, no, no I won’t.

Fast forward about a month and I receive a call that they are here, great, they didn’t call prior to the visit once again, now I have a chance to talk to them, I come out with my dad this time, he is a really tall, well-built man with a stone face (he is really kind and funny) but has a dead serious face most of the time. I wanted him to be with me just in case they become aggressive or something. This time even EX decided to show up.

Bob: Hello OP, can we see the baby now? We got you more gifts.

Me: Sorry, but you won’t be seeing the girl, you see I want to start my life fresh, I made many mistakes in the past and I do not want to get involved with you or your family at all. I have now moved on and want a future with me and my daughter, even if I get a chance to find someone else and marry I don’t want my daughter to have 3 sets of grandparents, I hope you understand that. (I said way much more stuff but this is a summary of everything)

Karen’s face turned red as if I just had insulted her with the worse kind of words and she just leaned on her car and hid her face while starting to sob silently, I kind of felt bad for her but all that sympathy died soon.

Bob: (chuckles) Oh kids these days, listed we are her grandparents and have the right to see her and have her and do what we wish with her, she is our family so don’t act immature, you bring her out now so we can see her, also on holidays she will be coming to our place and spending it with us. You are just a child and don’t know anything about life (I’m 22..). She will suffer if she doesn’t spend time with us, you have no right to take her away from us. I understand you are angry at EX but that doesn’t give you the right to behave like this.

EX: Yes.. she is mad at me and does this as a pay of..

Bob: Our family is very prestigious so the child will be very happy, also everyone will like her because she has foreign blood, and we want to make sure everyone knows how special she is.

Me: My decision is final, sorry, I will not hold contact with you nor you will get to meet my daughter.

Karen: HOW DARE YOU LITTLE IMMATURE GIRL TAKE THIS RIGHT AWAY FROM US, WE ARE HER GRANDPARENTS.

My dad, who was already fed up with all this that happened raised his voice, which he never does and sounded pretty terrifying, his Spanish isn’t really good but he made himself clear.

Dad: Ok, you listen to me now, my daughter has suffered enough with people like you, she wants to start a new life and it will be the best for her daughter to do the same, she doesn’t have to be with people like you so just leave her alone. OP, let’s go inside now.

Karen then pushed past me and screeching like a mad banshee tried to push her way past my house’s gate and into my yard, this surprised me, her husband Bob and even EX, but not my dad.

He just stood in the way blocking her from going in till she got tired and walked back to her car defeated.

Bob: We are family and have rights, remember that you immature girl, you are hurting your daughter.

So let me tell you some stuff about parental rights in Ecuador, the mother has sole custody until the father proves he is the father with a DNA test, he has 5 years to prove it or the he loses his right to parenthood. Only the father has the right to move something in court, it costs about 1500 dollars to call me for court, 1500 to bring the DNA test result, 1000 to state that he is the father, and 1500 to set out the visit rights and such. Being an unemployed teen with no career and no time living in a city 6 hours away from me he didn’t have all that money nor did his parents, and also he only cared about winning me back to show me off, he didn’t care about his daughter and I couldn’t be happier. His parents couldn’t bring anything to court since they are not the immediate relative. So I am more than sure that they won’t be able to do anything.

After all that they texted me a few times trying to come over and visit my daughter once again but all their offers where denied and after they came without announcement once again and nobody came out that was the end of it, or so I thought.

So I live pretty far from them, in the next city which is a two hour drive and close to my house there is a shopping mall I often go, so I was on a stroll there with my Isaac who apart from being pretty handsome practices martial arts and is buff af, his friends nicknamed him the demigod because of it so he is quite intimidating and when gets pissed all hell breaks loose, also he is really protective of me and my daughter. Every Saturday or Sunday we go out just to walk around, buy a snack and just have a chill time dating with my daughter in her stroller mostly sleeping. 

EX knew I used to do this and must have told his parents because while we were waiting in line for our ice-cream at basking robbins, I had the stroller next to me, not in front as usual because it would take unnecessary space in the line. So I have the stroller on my right and Isaac is on the left, I have my hand on the stroller and we are just chatting along, waiting our turn when I feel I light movement in the stroller and turn to see if my daughter, let’s call her Abby, woke up.

To my surprise and sock I see Karen trying to sneak Abby out of her stroller obviously waking her up and making her make muffled cries. 

Me: What tf you think your are doing!!!

I say while I try to take Abby from Karen’s arms but there is a stroller between us and Karen turns around and starts to speedily walk off with crying Abby in her arms. You must as well know that in Ecuador, you might be getting robber, harassed or attacked and almost no one cares or will do anything about it, so all the people in line just stared. I walked past the stroller to chase after her but Isaac was faster and managed to catch up to Karen, who was pretty fat and slow, snatched Abby carefully from her arms while she was having a fit, handed Abby to me and proceeded to scream at Karen. I noticed that Bob was in the car peeping at her but not wanting to come out, they wanted to make a run for it and steal my daughter away.

Isaac: HOW DARE YOU TOUCH ABBY AND WORSE EVEN STEAL HER AWAY FROM HER STROLLER YOU DUMB B…. 

Karen then sat on the ground and started screaming for security, they came and asked what’s going on.

Security guy 1: Ma’am what seems to be the problem?

Karen: They kidnapped my daughter, that baby is mine and they took her away from me and then shoved me to the floor and kicked me in the guts!

Security guy 2: Is that true?

Isaac: No, of course not, she stole my girlfriend’s baby from her stroller and tried to make a run for it, she is the mother of OP’s EX. I just stopped the fat b…. and returned the baby to my GF.

Karen: HE IS LYING , HE STOLE HER FROM ME, I AM THE MOTHER AND SHE LOOKS LIKE ME, DON’T YOU SEE?

Security guy 1: Well.. let’s check security footage to see if…

Karen: (interrupting) THERE IS NO NEED FOR THAT, WE ARE WASTING TIME, JUST GIVE ME MY DAUGHTER BACK NOW, SHE NEEDS ME.

So security made us all go and check the footage when they proved that Karen was following us for about an hour before trying to snatch Abby while Bob was waiting in the car for her all this time, then the footage showed everything else that happened. The security guy said he will have to call the police so while he dialed the cops, she once again tried to snatch the now sleeping Abby from my arms but without luck because Isaac was right there and blocked her way before pushing her down to the ground. Karen just stood up and started screeching while trying to go past him again, throwing punches and kicks, the security guards had to restrain her until the police came and took her away.

So that was the last I heard from them, and I hope it stays that way. You see some of you may think that it’s wrong for me to keep my daughter from her father but knowing that first, he has no interest in her, second, is an abuser and third that he might only use her as an object to show her off to his friends and family makes me believe I am making the right choice in protecting her from all the pain that might bring to her in the future./nI travel for work and a lot of the times it's over long distances. I happened to have booked a flight that had me up for 20hours due to the time difference, so when I got my connecting flight ( 14 torturous hours) I was desperate to sleep.

Cue, EM and EK who attempted to ruin this sleep attempt.

I'd scored a seat swap to aisle and only had one other person next to me ( yes!) as I moved to the seat, I notice EM staring at me from the middle seat section, nearer to where I was originally due to sit. I figured it was no biggie and started to settle in.

Once we reached cruising and the seatbelt sign was turned off..

EM: " Hey, can you swap seats with my child?"

Me: "Er, don't you need to seat with your child?"

EM: "yeah, but i'll just ask the lady next to you to swap as well, so we can sit together"

She then proceeds to shake the woman next to me awake.

EM: " Hi, this lady next to you has agreed to swap seats with my child, can you also swap seats with me?"

The lady next to me was a little groggy and didn't respond quickly enough, but having been denied my time to sleep,

Me: " I absolutely did not agree to swap with you and moreover, I'm exhausted so could you please go back to your seat?"

EM at this point gave me a furious glare and gestured to where she was seating.

EM: "I don't know why you're disagreeing! You were due to seat back there anyway and my kid needs the space to relax! Just swap the damn seats!"

well, no. I was due to sit near her area, but certainly not in the middle row, middle seat! 

Me: "Look, I'm not swapping, please leave me alone." I started to look around for flight attendants and EM beat a hasty retreat.

Turns out that I couldn't get to sleep as quickly as I wanted, so I pulled out my switch and played it for a while, until I felt I was tired enough.

&#x200B;

While sleeping ( or trying to), someone pinched me, hard! I wake up in shook and look who it is...EK!

EK: " My mom said that if you won't swap seats with us, you may as well give me your game while you sleep"

Me: " WTF"

EK" You can't swear at me! I'll tell my mum!"

&#x200B;

At this point I was completely exasperated and called over a flight attendant. He came over and I explained the mom and her kid were harassing me. Of course, when he took EK  back to his seat, the mum denied it and the claimed I had stolen EK's switch when I moved seats.

&#x200B;

The flight attendant took one look at me, exhausted, annoyed and one look at EK & his mum, smug assholes and asked me if I wanted to swap seats to premium economy.

&#x200B;

See ya later suckers!

&#x200B;/nLong time lurker, first time poster. I was thinking of any possible entitled parents stories, but then I realized that I dealt with two for years. Sorry for formatting errors; I'm not on mobile, my computer just doesn't like me at the moment.

EF = my entitled father (Not the main character, but important.)EM = entitled mom, the main focus of this post.BAM = my badass mom.Me/Clarice = me.

&#x200B;

My mom and dad's relationship was hell. I don't think I ever remember seeing them agree on anything for my entire life. They put on a facade in public, but in private, it was an unstoppable force meeting an immovable object, and I was caught in the middle of their arguing. When they divorced, Mom got primary custody of me, yet I had to visit EF once a year because, well, he was my father. (I refuse to call him my dad. To me, he's just a sperm donor.)

See, EF was a serial cheater, liar, and a drunk. He'd cheat on BAM with several other women, steal money from BAM to fuel his gambling/drinking, and often drank a lot around me. He did *not* like BAM. See, BAM was a helicopter mom, and by that, I mean she actually flew helicopters. She was in the Army, and because of that, was tough as nails and took no bs from anyone, especially EF. BAM's unwavering protection of me was what led to the very welcome divorce.

Now, when they divorced, EF found another woman. I don't know if they were together before or after the divorce, but I only met this woman after the divorce. That woman was EM.

I did *not* like EM from the start. She felt like just another weasel to me. She already had two boys, and initially, I had no problem with them. They seemed like just a couple of rowdy boys. As a tomboy myself, I personally welcomed this change of pace.

I quickly learned that EM was nothing more than yet another vagina to EF. The fact that EM couldn't see it was astonishing. I guessed she liked that EF was rich due to his career choice, so she moved in with him after a while. BAM didn't like this woman either. She told me that if EM tried to make me do anything, I was allowed to defend myself, and that I didn't have to do anything she told me. However, even though I was an aggressive kid, the military instilled in me a deeply rooted sense of respect and rules for adults. I didn't have the courage to stand up to EM.

EM didn't care about me. The only reason she put up with me is because I shared half of EF's DNA.

At least, that's how it started out.

Then, EM's demeanor changed. She began acting much nicer towards me, buying me presents, taking me to events, and even giving me a pedicure at one point. I was incredibly confused.

All this time, her boys had become nightmares for me. The older one was a bit more chill, but they both did awful things. I often got caught in their wrestling and horseplay, and more than a few times, they pulled down my underwear. The younger one would demand to use my Wii when his overheated, and EM complied. (I hated that, as my Wii was one of the few forms of escape I had.) They were allowed to come into my designated room and play with my things, including my rock collection, over which I was very protective.

I distinctly remember one summer when things got much worse when EF announced that he was going to marry EM. Quite frankly, I didn't care, as I didn't know how this would affect me. Then, EM comes into my room while I'm watching TV. She turned off my TV, which I didn't like, but I listened to her. She told me what I already knew. She was going to be marrying EF next summer. Then, to my shock, she said, "Clarice, since I'm gonna be marrying your daddy, you can start calling me Mom, OK?"

I was flabbergasted. I had no idea what to say.

Then, BAM's words came back into my mind: "If she tries to make you do anything you don't wanna do, you can stand up to her. You don't have to listen to her."

I took a deep breath, then told EM, "I'm sorry, but my mom lives up north, away from here. You're not my mama."

EM started to look angry. She asked, "Clarice, are you sure?"

I nodded. "You will NEVER be my mom."

EM frowned at me and left my room. Standing up for myself at such a young age felt amazing.

From that day on, EM reverted to her entitled ways and loathed me. She spoke to me in a condescending tone, which, as a smart little kid, I hated. She blamed me for things her boys had done. Her younger boy shoved me off of a pool float I'd laid out for myself, and when I pushed him off and took the float back, EM accused me of trying to drown her son and didn't listen to my side of the story. When I got a new telescope, EM forced me to let her boys use it instead of me. Worst of all, the boys made me give them massages, which, if you know anything about those, involve a lot of touching. I was extremely uncomfortable with this and wanted to stop. EM didn't care and made me keep going.

When I returned that summer, I spilled everything to BAM. BAM was furious, and eventually, she took EF and EM to court for the second time. Apparently, that wasn't all EM had done. She'd also "accidentally" texted BAM, calling her a dumb bitch, under the guise of trying to text EF.

The bombshell was that EF and EM had been plotting to get me taken away from BAM, just to hurt her further.

BAM won that court case by a landslide, since she had a six inch binder worth of evidence against EM and EF. I also testified, and the judge took me very seriously. Before long, I didn't have to see those two again.

Thankfully, I've left those two far behind. Posting this story definitely helped me get a bunch of crap off of my chest. I've since forgiven them, but I will never forget what they did.

Edit: I meant a first time poster on this subreddit. Oops.

Also, thanks for the support! Did NOT expect all of that. Dang.

Edit 2: Some more elaboration. For those of you asking about the sexual assault things, the boys were both underage, so I don't think they'd be charged with sexual assault. Maybe they were? I'm not entirely sure. Never got that side of the story. It would explain why EM refuses to confront BAM.

Thanks again for the support! I'm glad to say that I don't deal with them anymore, thanks to BAM. I owe so much to her. She's taught me so much about how to stand up for myself. Since she's taken crap from people for most of her life, she raised me to not accept any bs from anyone. She's an angel with airborne wings, and I owe her so much.

Edit 3: I don't know who gave me silver and gold, but whoever you are, thanks!

FINAL EDIT: Jesus take the wheel, platinum?! Thank you so much! If you want me to post about the things surrounding EF, I can./nIC's story related to this one  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin/) 

the time when EK tried to fuck me  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbn0tj/ed\_let\_ek\_watch\_you\_naked\_she\_wont\_do\_anything/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbn0tj/ed_let_ek_watch_you_naked_she_wont_do_anything/) 

part 1  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed\_you\_must\_marry\_ek\_because\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed_you_must_marry_ek_because_no_one_else_is/) 

part 2  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep\_you\_have\_to\_get\_married\_to\_your\_cousin\_because/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep_you_have_to_get_married_to_your_cousin_because/) 

part 3  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbbon6/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_ek\_coz\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbbon6/ed_you_have_to_marry_ek_coz_no_one_else_is/) 

&#x200B;

Luckily for the past few days nothing serious happened, until today.

ED called me in the morning, I ignored and put my phone on silent.

2 hours later, I check my phone

25 calls and 200 messages

&#x200B;

Then he calls again

me: hello, will you stop calling me

ED: i HaVe BeEn CaLlInG YoU FoR  2 hOuRs WhY aReN't yOu picking up

ME: I was busy I had..

ED: I don't care what you had.

ED: anyway, I have sent some pictures on your phone, what wedding suit do you want and what do you think EK should wear

me: excuse me, wut

ED: just check your phone and let me know

me: wh..

he proceeds to hang up

I begin my exploration of his messages.

out of the 200 messages all 50 of them were pictures  of EK in different wedding dresses, 100 pics were pics of the various halls and the last 50 were pics of a suit. I was about to delete the pictures and when I remembered a comment. Someone suggested that I allow them to do whatever they want and on the wedding day I don't even go. I go and show my mum all the messaged he sent and tell her the plan and she agrees. I proceed to call ED and tell him.

While I am at I decide to record the conversation

&#x200B;

me: hello

ED: so what have you chosen

me: I think we should go more expensive, these look kinda cheap (I wanted him to pay more than necessary)

ED: yes I was thinking the same, but your aunt says we should keep it moderate

me: Don't worry about me, I'll get something from here it's cheaper and better looking

ED: good, what about the hall and EK's dress

me: the 3rd hall (it was like £2300 (252 908.19.11) for 1hour )

ED: GREAT(he seemed super ecxited)

me: as for EK the last one (£700. 76972.06 taka)

ED: ok

I was about to hang up and go and tell my mum everything when ED drops the bomb

ED: so when are we getting the money

me: wut?

ED: yh the money to pay for the hall and ek's clothes

me - confused.

&#x200B;

context

In islam the woman must PAY for her own clothes and stuff she wants to wear at the wedding unless the grooms side PAYS for it. the expenditure of the venue should be split evenly and the suit should be payed by the groom.

&#x200B;

me: Don't you know the ruling

ED: yes, but we don't have money. Also we want £50 000 mahar (dowry)

me: are you insane

ED: nope

me: I do not agree with the wedding and I will not be marrying to a family of gold diggers

ED: WELL I DON'T CARE, YOU WILL PAY OR I'LL TELL EVERY VILLAGER THAT YOU RAPED MY DAUGHTER

ME: GO ON. THE WHOLE VILLAGE KNOWS THAT IT IS NOT TRUE. THEY ALL KNOW ABOUT THE WHOLE CHANGING ACCIDENT THAT HAPPENED THE LAST YEAR

ED:...

ME: STOP CALLING ME

I then hang up and told my mum.

Later today I changed my number and passed to all my 100+ contacts which included my cousins and EK's older sister (who was SANE and abused by ED for being too skinny and her illnesses)

&#x200B;

edo-tensei kuchiosen-no-jutsu (DK if I butchered the spelling) IC

IC-innocent cousin (older sister of EK (around 20)

&#x200B;

Later today I got a message from EK

EK: hey

me: who is this

EK: it's me EK

me: how the fuck did you get my number

EK: it's a secrete

I immediately block and start fuming.

&#x200B;

I text IC if she gave my number to EK and ED.

me: Hey IC, did you give my number to EK and ED

IC: why would I do that

me: Coz EK just messaged and I assumed you gave it to her

IC: oh shit. I must have forgot to lock my phone before going toilet

me: woooow, now i have to change the number again this is going to take forever

we have a laugh and I get a new sim card and change my number, this time making sure to tell IC to save the number as one of her friends.

Now the only reason why I talk to IC is because no one else is willing to talk to her apart from my mum, me, my younger brother. She was used and abused, also ED tried to something similar with her. (I will link her story )

&#x200B;

Later that night my dad came to visit from italy (he works there), he is going to stay for about 2 weeks (I haven't given him my number in case he might give it to ED and EK).

after the last prayer of the day (isha) I was doing some work when my dad calls me.

me:yes

Dad: ED can't reach you, have you changed your number

me: yes

dad: why

me: well because they were annoying me

dad: you didn't give it to me either

me: sorry forgot, i though I gave it

dad: no you didn't

at this point I had to give give it, so I did.

I was about turn my laptop on and get on with my work and the ED messaged me

ED: YOU BRAT, HOW DARE YOU CHANGE YOUR NUMBER

i just block him and get on with my assignment.

as of writing this it is 3:29 am 14th april 2019 in the Uk.

I will most definitely have a chat with my dad/nI work for a moving company in the midwest. Not gonna name any names but let's just say it involves two dudes and a large vehicle. It's a solid if not back breaking job.

One day we were slated to move a woman out of her now ex husbands home. This wasnt an uncommon occurrence as most divorces we have anything to do with are more than amicable. Just the occasional argument over who gets to keep what but nothing heated. Heck, those types of moves usually tip the best. Side note: Tip your movers, servers, or anyone with that type of job. This particular move was something special though. 

Now this house was situated on a hill with three floors including the basement. Not any easy move but not the hardest. That didn't stop Karen and her overdeveloped mayonaise stain though. The entire time we were moving furniture, the mother and her roughly 9 year son kept harassing us. Complaining about noise, us taking too long (we charge by the hour), and then theres the big issue: customers are NEVER allowed on the truck.  This was just to avoid any items being removed haphazard or anything like that.

As we were finishing up our portion of the move, my driver was getting paperwork and I was strapping down the last of the furniture. I noticed Ek wandering around the front of the truck. I didn't really think much of it, I mean he's probably never seen a truck like this before. At least not this close. I peek around the corner.

Me: "Hey little guy, can you stay where we can see you? We wouldn't want you to get hurt."
The kid just blows a raspberry and runs off. Returning shortly with his mother.
EM: "What did you say to my son?"
Me: "Oh nothing. Just to stay where we could see him."
EM now looking like she just drank sour milk: "Look. I'm paying you so you just do your job and dont worry about what he's doing!"
Me being the pushover I am: "Yes ma'am, just make sure he stays safe."
EM: "Fine! Whatever."

Not two seconds later the kid is gone. I'm obviously worried but I just wanted to finish the job and go home. I hop back on the truck and finish loading up our ramps. That's when I hear a noise that makes my heart sink. It was the sound of the parking break being disengaged. 

Now the parking brake is just a big yellow button that I doubt most kids could resist. Not the best design i know but what can you do.

I feel the truck slowly start to roll, without thinking i jumped off the back and yelled for help. The truck rolled about 30 feet downhill and (ironically) into the corner of a mechanic shop. Em came our shrieking and cussing like a retired sailor. Blaming me and saying that I should've been watching her kid. I didnt  pay attention as I was running over to the truck to check on the kid. 

Thank every deity above that his mother actually taught him to wear a seat belt. EK was just a little scratched up from the broken windshield. I pulled the for some reason giggling child from the truck. Only to have him yanked away and replaced with a hardy slap. 

We called our station and reported what happened. Em had her moved cancelled but was still billed for the damages to both the truck and building. Which she refused. I'll post a (hopefully shorter) update when I learn more.

UPDATE: Wow my first gold and silver! Thanks so much everyone! 

A few things before we continue. Some of you pointed out that we should call the police. The father actually did so I didn't really think it was necessary to include. Seemed a little obvious. A few more of you who actually worked for the same company pointed out that the wheel blocks should've been down and the truck locked up. Funny thing is the blocks WERE down. The truck however was unlocked because EM didn't want us leaving our water bottles (which she called trash) left around her house.

Anyway onto the inevitable court case. It's my driver, our company representative, and I against the banshee herself and her lawyer. The case began and the judge asked for EM's statement. The following is what happened.

EM: "Your honor I'm here to press charges against the negligence and basically hostile actions this 'company' promotes."

J: "Can you clarify what you mean by negligence?"

The EM started spinning her own twisted version of the story. Claiming that I allowed her son into the truck as a joke and left him there to go smoke weed. Not only that but she's trying to claim that we damaged the majority of her stuff due to not doing our job correctly. The entire time I'm hearing this the kid is trying to run around the courtroom and making faces at the bailiff.

Finally it's my and my coworkers turn. We give our side of the story and the representative even has the tapes from the traffic cam for the intersection of the crash. Turns out the little ball of spoiled miracle whip had taked the wheel blocks while we were working. IN FULL VIEW OF HIS MOTHER! EM tried claiming that they looked liked toys so it shouldn't be that big a deal. You could almost hear the dying brain cells from this statement.

Now for the moment you've been waiting for: SENTENCING. The judge didnt even half to think twice about it. EM was charged with, child endangerment, property damage to our truck, the mechanic shop, and a light post that was left bent, and a little cherry of assault for the slap I received. In total it was roughly $30,000 in fines. Sadly with her divorce, her income wouldn't allow this. So she ended up getting almost 3 years prison and 2 of probation.

As soon as EM heard this, she went ballistic. Screaming at us and the judge about being heartless to her family and claiming that were probably bribed by her husband. The bailiff ended dragging her away  with the help of two officers. Needless to say I quit that job a month later./nSo, all my grandfathers were in the military, and two of them saw combat.
Now this story isn't my biological Grandpa, but my dad's adoptive father.

So, he fought the Japs in WW2 and didn't take shit from anyone.
He was like cotton from the King of the Hill.

So we went to small Western new york donut shop, and they were offering a free donut to any veteran. 

So my grandad went up to the counter and ordered a donut, and showed the worker his medals. They gave him a donut and thanked him for his service.
Lady, EP, didn't like this.

She said that she should get free stuff too. So they asked her if she was a military member/veteran. She was not.
When they told her that she couldn't get a free donut, she was pissed. She said "well, it's harder to be a mother than to be a veteran, they don't have to deal with kids".

This pissed my grandpa off. So, he asked her if she had ever seen a man's head get cut off and used as a soccer ball. She said no, and then my grandpa went off. He told her the most gruesome and chilling stories from the war. Asked her if she had seen a man cut in half with a machine gun. If she had ever seen a grenade get shoved down a man's throat. Stuff that he later said wasn't exactly true. The stories he told her gave ME PTSD. 

She grabbed her kids and went out the door mumbling things like "damn veterans, they should all go to hell"

/n**UPDATE 7/16 (kinda)**  1. Thank you everyone for your support and concern. 2. I will have a big update for you soon, so check back in a few weeks. 3. If you are trying to find a post but are having a hard time, check out the omnibus. 4. When i put out the new update,  It will be a stand alone post, and put in the omnibus. 5. Thank you again.

For all the previous info check out the Omnibus:  [https://www.reddit.com/user/body\_by\_art/comments/b2lr9i/entitled\_mom\_omnibus/](https://www.reddit.com/user/body_by_art/comments/b2lr9i/entitled_mom_omnibus/)

&#x200B;

Firstly, thanks everyone for the support and love.  I can't wait to tell BB about all of this when she gets older. Wednesday we found out the verdict on EM. **TLDR at end.** So lets meet the cast:

J: Judge

EM: entitled mom

ED: Entitled Dad

EK: Entitled Kid

Jury: the Jury

P: ProsecutorEL: EMs lawyer

Me: me

Mr: My darling husband

&#x200B;

Scene: This chapter opens April 15, 2019, Approximately 9:30 am. We are at our local court house. Me and Mr had dropped of bb at his mothers. I had considered bringing her and breast feeding while EM was on the stand, just to irritate her, But I didn't think a 8 month old would be able to sit quietly for that long. Instead I brought my 384 month old husband.

&#x200B;

We went to the courthouse, and I will admit I was nervous. We took our seats behind the prosecutor, and we were chatting with her. EM enters with the her lawyer, and if looks could kill, I would be dead. The judge and jury enter, and we are ready to get started. As we are getting started the judge is interrupted by ED and EK entering the courtroom, in possibly the nosiest way to enter a room.  *Disclaimer: these were 3 very long, very stressful days, so I will be paraphrasing a lot.*

&#x200B;

J:  EM you are charged with attempted kidnapping, first degree assault, disturbing the peace, and disorderly conduct. how do you plead?

EM: Your honor, I am one hundreeeddd percent innocent, In fact I am outraged that i stand accused of wrong doing. I am a proud american and the biggest supporter of these proud, fair and just...

J: *looking already done with her shit* Please sit down

EM: *shocked* B-But

J: now

EM: *sits*

J: We will now proceed to opening statements, Prosecutor?

&#x200B;

P: *lays out  the case. Succinctly explaining that* EM was a dangerous woman, who attempted to rip a small baby from its mothers arms.

EM: *screaming* No NO no ThAt iSnT TRuE

J: EL tell EM to be quiet, P continue

P: there is clear, indisputable evidence that EM is guilty on all counts....

&#x200B;

The Prosecutor wraps up his opening statement in under about 5 minutes, explaining that the whole situation was caught on tape, and that the evidence will speak for itself

&#x200B;

The defenses opening statement was about 40 minutes long. He gave this creatures whole life story.  She couldn't **possibly** be guilty! She was your typical suburban soccer mom, president of her HOA, active in her church.  BLAH BLAH BLAH. Apparently because the statements established character they weren't off topic enough to make the judge tell EL to shut up and sit down. EL talked so long that after they concluded, the judge dismissed us for the day.

&#x200B;

We come back the second day, and before the trial start my husband goes and grabs us a cup of pure caffeine from a booth in the courthouse. He's putting his creme and sugar in it, when ED approaches.   


ED: hey man, how are you doing?

Mr: Fine...

ED:  This whole mess is crazy

Mr: Yup...

ED: look man, what will happen to my daughter if her mom goes to jail. Its not good for a kid.

Mr: Yeah thats rough, Sorry

ED: well you **could** tell your wife to drop the charges, you know, do whats best for the kids.

Mr: yeah, I'm not gonna do that. 

ED: c'mon man be reasonable

Mr: If your wife was reasonable, we wouldn't even be here.

ED: fuck you n\*\*\*\*er

Mr: get out of here man *walks away*

&#x200B;

the second day of court starts. Prosecution lays out the evidence, including the tape, calls witnesses, and all that prosecution stuff. When the prosecution calls witnesses the the defense also gets to ask them questions. They were trying to cast doubt on all of the witnesses, i guess to make it seem like it was all a witch hunt against entitled mom.  Finally it was my turn to testify, and be questioned.  I told my story for the prosecution, then this foolishness ensued...

&#x200B;

EL: It seems like you were the first to raise your voice, would you say that is accurate?

Me: I suppose so

EL: So that would make you the instigator

Me: I dont thin-

EL: *cuts me off* You claim that EM assaulted you

Me: Yes

EL: Did EM strike you at any point during this altercation?

Me: well not exactly "strike"

EL: did you strike EM at any point?

Me: Yes,but it was to-

EL: the jury will notice that this woman has admitted to not only being the instigator, but also the aggressor in this situation.   


After the prosecution lays out their evidence, it is the  defenses turn. It is at this point EM takes the stand. EM tells her twisted version of events. According to her, her daughter had seen my baby and had approached me to tell me how beautiful BB was. In response to this totally innocent interaction, I began verbally **abusing** EK. She attempted to calm me, but this back fired. When I **violently** snatched up BB, she **couldn't help but notice that it was** "very unlikely" that BB was mine.  Seeing an unstable woman, snatching up an innocent, probably kidnapped BB, EM just had to intervene. When she did I viciously attacked her. 

&#x200B;

So day three is verdict and sentencing.  On the charge of attempted kidnapping, the jury decided that there was not enough evidence to conclude that she wanted to kidnap BB - not guilty. On the charge of assault, the jury was not convinced by her lawyers attempts to demonize me- Guilty.  Disturbing the peace, and disorderly conduct, the tapes and witnesses lead to a guilty verdict. Now we get to the part you all have been waiting for SENTENCING! EM was sentenced to 18 months of probation, 40 hours of community service, 30 hours of anger management, and $730 in fines.  This all goes on her criminal record and if she violates her probation, or does not do what is required, she **will** spend those 18 months in prison. While I know many of us were hoping for jail time, I am satisfied with this outcome, and I think it is fair.   We left feeling pretty good, we have to go back to court in a few months for the civil case.  


**TLDR;** Court was long and boring. ED made racist statements to my husband. EL tried to make me look like a demon and EM like a saint. The Charges/Verdicts for EM were Assault/Guilty, Disorderly conduct/Guilty, Disturbing the peace/ Guilty, Attempted Kidnapping/ Not Guilty. She was sentenced to 18 months of probation, 40 hours of community service, 30 hours of anger management, and $730 in fines.  This all goes on her criminal record and if she violates her probation, or does not do what is required, she **will** spend those 18 months in prison./nObviously M - me, EM - entitled mom, but EK - equals embarrassed older sister around 18-19 years old and CK - confused (8/9?) year old kid. 

I am bisexual, and my bf and I were on a date. I was 21 at the time, and we had gone to a mildly fancy restaurant (as we were poor college kids) for my bf’s 22 cake day. We had a great time and were just eating our dinner. He got a call from a lab he wanted to do an internship with and had to excuse himself to talk logistics. 

I’m sitting by myself when I notice the EM and her kids come in. This isn’t the place where kids are out of the ordinary but it was a little late so it peaked my interest. I am on my phone now, looking at those r/dankmemes because I live in the 21st century, when I notice they family sits down pretty close to us. This isn’t that weird as the place was pretty full, but what was weird is that the EK was staring at me. I didn’t think much of it at the time, but looking back I realize my bf wasn’t ever at the table with me when they saw me. I turn and wave to the EK and the blush and loom away. This was pretty weird but I wasn’t really giving it much thought. I notice EK is whispering to EM but I figure she may know me from somewhere. I am kind of eaves dropping at this point and I hear the EM say then go ask. I figure she will ask where she knows me from or something but when she walks over she says “I noticed you when we walked in and I was wondering if you would like to go to the movies after this?” I thought this was strange but then realized she must not have known about my bf. 

M - Sorry, I would but I have plans with my date after this. Maybe we could hang out another time though? 

I understand how hard it can be to ask someone out and I didn’t want to be rude her as she was obviously already embarrassed. 

EK - okay, my number is (blank)

M - cool

I go back to minding my own business and don’t think about what happened. I then noticed that the EM was staring daggers at me. Her look would be against the Geneva Accords it looks could kill. I wave at her to try to lighten the tension. 

Wrong move. Very wrong move. 

She stands up, walks over to me sitting alone and asks “ why the hell did you reject my daughter. She is obviously very pretty and she is a good kid too. She has a straight 4.0 in her classes. I can’t believe people like you.” 

Well she wasted no time getting angry. 

Now, her voice was pretty loud and causing a bit of a scene. I have ADHD and get really bad with my temper sometimes, so I am trying to stay calm. 

M - Excuse mrs, I am sorry for turning down your daughter. I agree she is attractive bu-

EM - If you think she is good looking why don’t you take her out?

M - because I am on a date right now. 

EM - Oh, so when you said she was pretty I bet you were already thinking of a threesome, you preferred fuck!

EK - mom stop

EM (to EK) - be quite honey while I deal with this rude piece of shit. 

EK turned her head and mouth I’m sorry. I felt bad for her but I also was pretty pissed now. She just called me a pervert in front of an entire restaurant, she practically yelled it. This is when CK pipes up.

CK - mommy when are we gonna eat?

EM - once this gentleman’s date gets back. 

The 180 she did from wanting to send me to hell to her speaking to CL as if he was the holy one himself was honestly impressive. 

M - Can I please enjoy my meal and you stop bothering me? 

Now I said this in a pretty rude tone because I am mad now. That is when my bf came back though, so that made me feel everything was going to be okay as she would go back to her table. 

Once again I was wrong. 

Bf - *sits down*

EM - where is your date then? 

I was at a table of two so obviously he was here. It surprises me how dumb people are. 

Bf - I am his date. What are you doing?

EM stares at the both of us with the most appalled face ever, as if she couldn’t believe same sex couples were a thing. 

EM - WHAT!

CK - is that your date?

At this point EK left to the bathroom once my bf sat down. She didn’t want to deal with her mother anymore. 

M - yeah buddy. That’s my date. 

CK - but what one is the girl?

I understand people not getting gays while they are young so I started to explain. 

M - we are both guys. We lo-

EM (screaming in my ears) - don’t prison my son with the dangers of homosexuality! You faggot!

What the actual fuck woman. 

M - what?

EM - don’t tell my son that! I don’t want him to turn into a creature like you!

I am seeing red now. They have way crossed the line. So I turn to the more sensible one and say. 

M - just remember little guy, your mother will hate you forever if you chose to love who you want. 

EM has officially lost it. My response was rude, but she straight up slaps me and yells “stop talking to my son!”

I don’t know what it is with entitled parents but they sure seem to hate homosexuals or anybody from LGBTQ. 

All because I said no to a date. 

She is really going off now and I am doing everything in my power not to chuck here out the window. I am very very pissed now but I try to stay in check. 

In all here rambling I pick up probably my number one nomination for dumbest quote of the year “Just because you are gay doesn’t mean you can’t date my daughter”

Really?

Anyways, the manager comes and removes her and CK (EK is still in the bathroom but she leaves after) from the restaurant for causing so many problems. My bf and I both get a large desert on the house for the crap we dealt with. It was very pollute of them because our night was ruined. We went back to our apartment and celebrated the rest of my bf’s birthday and ended up having a laugh over what happened. The night wasn’t completely ruined but it was still a pain in the ass.

I still have EK’s number and we all hang out together. 

Moral of the story, don’t be a fucking idiot or you will be made fun of on the internet. /nOkay, I am on mobile, so please excuse any mistakes or formatting errors. 

Cast:
EM: Ya know how it is
GK: EM’s kid, didn’t say anything, so I’m assuming GK
Cashier: Bystander to my encounter at PETCO
Mom: My mom
Maggie: Best friend I ever had... And a dog, just for reference.

Backstory: This happened about 5 years ago when I was 15. It’s necessary to know that this was before I had a phone or a credit card or a bank account or anything adult like at all. I did however have my drivers permit, not a license, but close enough.

At the time, my dog, Maggie, was dying of liver cancer and was laid to rest several months after this event occurred. But in the meantime a dog has still got to eat, right? Both of my parents were out of town and my brother was in school at his University so I was well thoroughly alone and responsible for the dog and the house. My mom had left me with her credit card, trusting me not to be an idiot with it and instead only use it in dire situations. 

Scene: A few days into my solitude, I noticed that Maggie was running out of dog food, the dry kibble like stuff. I called my mom and she said that I could take the extra car, an old beat up Toyota from who knows when, to PETCO to get some more... And of course to use her credit card.

So I scratched Maggie on the head, told her to be good, and headed to PETCO. Upon arrival I walked to the dog food isle with no problems. It was then I saw  the only amount of dog food they had, that was the same brand we always got, was the 40lbs bag. I picked it up, hoisted it into my basket with an embarrassing amount of effort and went to checkout. I arrived in line just before the woman and her kid got there. The woman huffed something about being in a rush, but I didn’t think much of it, I only had one item. This woman, as I would soon discover, was to be our lovely EM.

Now those of you who have shopped for dog food know that sometimes it can be expensive. And this brand happened to be just that. When the cashier scanned it and requested I pay, I inserted the credit card, it beeped and then asked me to sign. The bag was just over the price where I wouldn’t of had to sign for it. That’s when I panicked. I had never used a credit card before, I know it is silly, but I wasn’t sure if I was allowed to sign for it or not. I thought that might be illegal. And this is where the drama begins,

Me: “This is my mom’s credit card am I allowed to sign for it?” I ask the cashier.

Cashier: “I don’t know that’s something you’ll have to talk to the bank about.”

Me: “Sorry I’ve just never done this before.”

And this is when the EM decides that it has become her business.

EM: “You know you probably shouldn’t be shopping with a stolen credit card.”

Me: “It’s my mom’s, so it’s alright.”

EM: “Then your mother isn’t being responsible, she should keep things like that away from kids. Does she even know that you’re here?”

Me: “Yes.”

EM: “My children would never steal my credit card, neither would they lie to an adult.” She gestures to her kid who looks miserable, as if he knows what’s about to happen.

This is the point where I get confused. Lying? I was accused of lying? I wasn’t even sure what She thought I was lying about.

Me: “I’m not lying.” She flips.

EM: “Don’t talk back to me you little brat. You talk back to me when you’re shopping with a stolen credit card?!”

Me: “Oh yes, because the first thing I’d do with a stolen credit card is buy a 40 pound bag of dog food.”

She seems to be less confident in her claim now, but EM’s never back down without a fight.

EM: “Did your parents not teach you any respect? Here you are yelling and screaming at me, when all I’ve done is voice my opinion.”

Me: “Voice your opinion? You’re saying I stole a credit card!”

She was clearly not used to talking with teens who have a mind of their own.

EM: “You little sh*t. Don’t talk back to me. Give me that credit card so I can return it to its rightful owner.”

Me: “No, I need to buy this dog food.”

Cashier finally steps in: “Just sign for the bag, kid.”

EM, now feeling teamed up on: “Don’t let him buy that! It’s a stolen card! He’s a criminal!”

I still find it funny that she didn’t ever call the police, despite calling me a criminal. Makes me think that she was arguing only for the sake of not being wrong.

I pay sign for the bag, get my receipt and head back to he car. The EM is still blabbering on about theft and the law. She starts insulting me calling me the typical EM things “brat,” “disrespectful sh*t,” “immature little boy,” then she starts insulting my parents, calling them “swine,” “barbaric,” “irresponsible,” “not knowing how to raise a kid.”

Out of pure curiosity I wait in my car to see what she does after checking out. She just walks to her car with her kid, see’s me, raises both hands, and promptly flips me off. Yes very mature indeed. 

Clearly she was embarrassed, but didn’t want to admit being wrong.

Thank you for reading. This was my first post on here, I know it wasn’t too intense, but I still laugh about it to this day, so I figured I’d share.

Edit: Thank you all so much for you kind words. Instead of being a negative post about EM’s everywhere, you all have turned this into a great memorial to Maggie’s life. I will never question the positivity of Reddit. You all are the best. Thank you!/nI’m a mobile user, sorry in advance for any formatting quirks or autocorrect attacks. 

This story doesn’t involve me directly, but I witnessed my first Karen incident at the gym today.

A bit of explanation about the layout of the gym’s swimming pool and locker rooms. There are 4 locker rooms for people who want to go swimming: male, female, disabled, and family (where parents and children can go to get ready instead of going into either the male/female locker rooms, as the age limit for children of the opposite sex to their parent [a male child going with a female parent or vice versa] is 8 years old; this is important later).

In the locker room, there was a girl who looked to be about 16 years old. She wasn’t indecent - she had on her bra and underwear, as well as a towel around her waist - and she was in her locker trying to get her clothes. I was almost ready to leave, and was maybe 4 or 5 lockers down from her. Usually, I don’t pay any attention to what happens in the locker room, but today I couldn’t help but notice one woman (this is our EM) looking horrified.

Now this woman was in her late 20s / early 30s and was getting her son (a boy of maybe 2 or 3 years old) ready to go swimming. She didn’t look like a typical Karen type, and didn’t really give off any indication that she was going to go off on one.

But then, she did.

This woman, with her horrified expression, walked over to the girl and tapped her on the shoulder. The girl jumped, clearly surprised that someone was talking to her. She turned and before she even turned to speak, EM starts talking.

“You shouldn’t be dressed like that in public.”

Now let me just remind everyone, so we’re on the same page. This is the female locker room for a gym’s swimming pool. It is not uncommon for women to walk around in just towels, or their underwear, or even stand around naked (rare, but it happens). There is nothing out of the ordinary about a teenage girl in her underwear and a towel.

Said girl is startled. “What?”

“You’re not dressed decently. You should cover up.”

“...” The girl didn’t say anything, and turned around to try and get dressed.

EM did not like this. “Excuse me? Look at me when I’m talking to you.”

The girl turned around and gave her an “Are you serious?” look, but EM didn’t think anything of it and kept going.

“You shouldn’t be naked in public. Especially not in front of my son. I don’t want my son exposed to the female body while he is so young.”

At this point I’m looking around and making eye contact with other people in the locker room, confirming that this was ACTUALLY happening, and I wasn’t just imagining it. I exchanged looks with 3/4 other women, almost all of them accompanied by their own children. Nobody seemed to agree with this EM’s opinion.

The girl was visibly annoyed. “What the hell are you talking about? I’m trying to get dressed, so leave me alone and stop being a creep.”

“I’M the creep? YOU are the one showing off your body to my son! YOU are trying to distract my son.”

“What the duck, he’s a toddler! I just want to get dressed in peace, lady.”

EM wasn’t finished. “I am going to speak to a member of staff and get you banned. In fact, you should be fricking arrested. Public nudity is a crime, you know.”

At this point, one of the other mothers speaks up. “She’s allowed to be in her underwear in the swimming changing room. Why are you having a fit about that? It’s stupid.”

EM did not expect this reaction. “Because my son should not be exposed to the female body like that at such a young age.”

Other mother was in attack mode. “Did you breastfeed your son?”

“Of course! It’s healthier for the baby.”

“Then why is it a crime for your son to see a teenage girl in a bra when he fed from your breasts?”

“Because that’s different. I was feeding my baby, but this girl has sexual motivations.”

By this point I had been ready to leave for about 5 minutes, but I was just sticking around for the drama. However, I was getting tired of EM and her backwards logic. So I pitched in as well:

“Miss? If you are so against your son seeing women dressed so “indecently”, why did you choose to come into the female locker room instead of the family changing room?”

And then a third contributor chimed in with: “Why are you taking your child swimming in a place where he can see women in swimsuits which show off her bodies if you don’t want him to see women’s bodies?”

This threw EM off her game for a moment, before she tried to claw her way back.

“Well, most women wear a one-piece swimming costume. And it would be unfair on me to be segregated from other women by going into the family room.”

At this point I rolled my eyes, said “whatever, lady”, and walked out of the locker room. I have no idea how much longer EM went on her rant, or if anything else even happened. It was my first real life experience with an EM out in full force, so it was a bit of a wild ride from start to finish, but I hope I don’t run into another one again. I hope that the teenager was able to leave the locker room without much hassle.

Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger!/nSo, me again here with another entitled parent adventure during my pregnancy. Sadly though, this is still an on-going thing happening but I really need to vent.

This is actually about a woman that works in the same building as me but I have this under r/entitledparents because I know shes a parent (as she has thrown in my face and what you will read about) 

Cast is Me and EM

On mobile. Pardon for any spelling errors and grammar mistakes

So I wont say where I work, obviously for privacy reasons, but I work in hospitality. The EM works in the front of the house department and I work in the back of the house department. 

EM is an older lady, I'm guessing early 60s. Now, I've been taught to respect my elders but I cannot stand this woman. She is rude, demanding, acts above her position and, of course, is entitled. I don't know if anyone likes her or gets along with her

When I first started work, she was rude and demanding to me, although I'm a supervisor in my department and our jobs have nothing to do with each other. But ever since I became pregnant, she has been annoying as hell about my pregnancy and I duck and run when I see her. I do my best to be polite when I have to be around her.

One day, she approached me and started lecturing me

EM: I can tell by how your carrying that your having a boy! I'm never wrong! I was right about all my pregnancies and everyone else's pregnancies

Me: Sorry, but it's been confirmed I'm having a girl

EM: Well, I can tell you the doctor is wrong. Your going to have a boy

Me: Um, ultrasound and a genetic blood test have both proved it's a girl.

EM: No no, its a boy. I dont trust those machines or tests at all. Trust me, I'm right about these things. Dont buy any girly baby stuff, it will be a waste of money! 

Another time, I was getting hot water for my tea. As I was walking with the coffee cup of hot water, EM came marching up to me

EM: You cant have that, your pregnant! No coffee during your pregnancy! 

Me: Its not coffee

EM: Dont lie to me, I saw you over at the coffee machine!

Me: Yeah, to get hot water. For my tea

EM: Bulls***

Frustrated, I pulled off the lid and showed her the crystal clear hot water in the cup

Me: There, see!? Hot water! Now mind your own buisness and leave me alone! 

I marched away fuming, trying not to scream.

I don't even drink coffee 

About a month ago, my doctor diagnosed me with Gestational Diabetes. Sadly, its lead to other health and diet problems but, it is what it is. Baby is healthy and that's all that matters to me. I've told some co-workers about it, but word travels fast around my workplace I guess. 

I finished a conversation with my boss when he asked me a favor.

Boss: Hey, can you put this sandwich in my office for me? Soon as I get the chance I'm gonna take a breather and eat 

Me: Not a problem

On my way to his office, here comes EM marching up to me

EM: You cant eat that! It's bad for your diabetes! 

Me: Excuse me but-

EM: No, give me that you cant eat it!

I held the sandwich away from her

Me: Back off! This isnt even for me! And even if it was, it's none of your d*** buisness what I eat! 

She looked as if I could slap her

EM: Pardon me, but I was only thinking of the baby

She marched away and I had to force myself not to strangle her.

Then, comes the issue I think almost ever pregnant woman deals with.

Belly touching. F***ing belly touching.

Once I hit the 6 month mark, people have been trying to touch my belly (actually have another story for one insident, but that will be posted another time under a different subreddit). 

I cannot stand being touched. The only person I allow unlimited belly touching to is my husband.

With co-workers, most of the time I ask them not to touch and they will stop. 

But EM? Of course not!

One time, I was walking the opposite direction of her. She stopped and started following me.

EM: Wow, you are getting big!

Me: Gee, thanks

EM: Baby nice and healthy? 

Me: Yup. Baby's doing good

EM then begins to reach around and try to put BOTH HANDS on my stomach

Me: Hey, stop! I dont want to be touched!

EM: Oh, come on I'm just feeling the baby! 

Me: No your putting your hands on me! Knock it off!

EM: Oh honey, your pregnant! Everyone is going to want to feel your tummy! 

Me: And I tell them the same thing! Stop it!

She has tried this a couple of times and yeah, if she does it again I'm going to HR. Though I doubt she will get anything other than a warning

Every time we have a run-in with each other, she tries to act like nothing happened. I still try to be polite for the sake of work-place peace but I stay away from her as much as possible. 

Currently, I'm less than 6 weeks away from delivery (I'm being induced a week early for health reasons) and I hope to God I can get thru the last stretch without killing this woman.

Sorry for the long post 

Thanks for reading!

Edit: Thanks for all the support guys! 

Just so everyone knows, she has touched the belly twice. The first time she tried and I got away in time but she did it twice. Yes, if she puts her hands on me again I'm going to HR and raising hell.

 The verbal stuff, like the hot water and sandwich crap, I really dont care. I ignore it. I dont consider the things she says harrassment, just her forcing her entitled attitude on me. Shes been in trouble with her supervisors for things like that recently, not only with me but with other people. So she doesn't say much to me anymore, thanks God. 

And for those saying I should show her my little girl after shes born to prove her gender, yeah I'm tempted but I'd rather keep my baby away from her. I know her work hours and plan to show her off to my team AFTER shes gone for the day. Last thing I want is for her to try and grab her to hold her, which would probably actually make me punch her in the face.

This has happened all over the course of my pregnancy so not all of this has happened all at once. This is just a compilation of the crap shes pulled when we unfortunately run into each other. I feel bad for the people that actually work with her

Thanks again for the support and the silver award!

Edit #2: UPDATE- So a few days ago I ran into her and she completly ignored me even after I said a polite hello to her (again, just being polite in the workplace). I ended up finding out thru the grapevine of gossip at my work that someone went to HR about issues with her, I guess even telling them the issues I was having (I spoke to a few co-workers about it). From what I hear, she was told by HR to leave me and several others alone and if she didnt get her act together, she was going to be let go. 

Finally, I and several others will be left alone! Thanks for the continued support everyone! I didnt even have to go to HR myself! :)/nI was at my grandpa's mansion a few months ago while I was on holiday. He is a Educational Psychologist and works with pretty idiotic kids and parents sometimes. He works from his house, and many people came to see him while I was staying there. Around 6PM a snobby woman began constantly ringing the doorbell. My grandpa was at the shops, and he stops working at 5PM, so I didn't think she was a client. I opened the door. "Excuse me, I came to see a psychologist, not a fat kid," she says. Ignoring the insult I reply:" Sorry but he doesn't make appointments after 5. Try calling his secretary tomorrow morning." She was fuming. "Why can't I see him NOW. My baby needs help, and you are just a brat!" I close the door in her face. 

The next morning there was 80 something missed calls on the secretary's phone. These calls were made at 3 in the bloody morning. We finally made an appointment for later that day, as she insisted very heavily. When people are in my grandpa's office, I can still very easily hear their conversations. Turns out the kid is 11 years old, but has not went to school yet. He can't even read. Even worse, he can't even speak his Native Language, (Afrikaans) which is weird since his mother can't speak good English, while he can. After an hour of painful testing, my grandpa concluded that the kid has ASD and ADHD. His mother enters the room again. "You should expose your child to more Afrikaans, as it is clear he watches TV every day, and doesn't understand what is going on in the world," my grandpa says. The Mother seems calm at first. Then when my grandpa said:" I recommend these medications, and private schooling. I think a psychiatrist would agree."

The woman literally SLAPS HIM and shouts:" Medicines are the devil's work, and my boy only needs God!"
After an hour of my grandpa trying to convince the woman, she stands up and leaves. No money given. 

In the end of the day, we found out she DID get the medication, but the boy still isn't in school. 
/nThis happened a few hours ago in my local cinema. It’s worth noting here that I use a walking stick due to h-EDS and fibromyalgia. This will be relevant later. 

I’d gone with my partner to see the remake of The Lion King for a cinema date. It was partially ruined for me by a cackle of children who barely shut up for thirty seconds at a time. I’m pretty irritated at this point but trying my best to stick with it. 

In the middle of the film I needed to use the toilet. I head to the disabled toilet adjacent to the female toilets. Right behind me is a woman - EM - with a 4/5 year old child. I get to the disabled loo. EM shoots me an incredibly dirty look as I shut the door behind me.

Had she not seen my walking stick? It’s possible she didn’t but considering it’s distinct purple colour and flower pattern, it’s a stretch. Either way I’m trying to go about my business. Within seconds, EM decides to yell through the door:

“CAN YOU BELIEVE PEOPLE WHO USE DISABLED TOILETS WHEN THEY’RE NOT DISABLED? I MEAN HOW SICK!?”

*knock* *knock*

Normally I’d shout back but I want to go back to the movie I was watching. I was in no mood for fighting with someone who probably won’t learn. I ignore her but she keeps going:

EM: “WHY DO CRIPPLES NEED A SPECIAL TOILET? MY CHILD DESERVES HER OWN TOILET WITHOUT BEING DISABLED.” 

I’m trying not to lose my temper. I’m impulsive but I held strong because I didn’t want to ruin my date. I sorted myself out, unlocked the door and opened to face this woman. My walking stick is clear. I give her a very pissed off “Not today, Death” look. She saw me and immediately shut up. The kid, who hadn’t said a word, hid behind their Mum.

Me: This toilet is not for you. Go away. 

EM looks as if she’s thinking of what to do but settles on walking away, child in tow. I go back to my screen and enjoy the rest of The Lion King with the man I love. 

Maybe this doesn’t have the gratifying argument where EM gets punished for yelling at a disabled person but hey, life isn’t that fair.

Edit 1: thanks kind stranger for the gold.
If you’re disabled but not in a visible way (crohns, autistic, sensory issues etc) or have a mental health issue where it’s needed (OCD, claustrophobia) then for all that is good please use the disabled toilet. It’s for you too.
For those of you saying I dealt with it well - thank you. I don’t have the time for ableist people like EM. We need to shout back and tell these folks to kindly go fuck themselves. They yell at disabled people because they think we’re meek pushovers. We deserve far better than that. I have no qualms about standing my ground but others in my position don’t. Non-disabled folks: if you see this stuff go down and the disabled person in question is struggling please help them. We need allies too.
The rest of my date was lovely. My partner and I will celebrate our anniversary next month. He’s a wonderful man and I’m lucky to have him ❤️

Edit two: For those who think I complained about children being in the screening: I’m not against kids going to the cinema. I was annoyed because these kids were very loudly mucking about and talking throughout. I thought I’d made that clear but here’s clarification anyway./nOkay well she didn't try to steal him per se...

So, I'm a 19 year old girl and I have a 7 month old son. Not uncommon but he still usually gets mistaken for my brother/child I am babysitting

I took him to a soft play area nearby on my own and we were having a great time, he was playing with the blocks and just having fun.
A woman came in who had 2 girls around 6-8 and sat near me and my son. Its at this point my son starts to cry(he was hungry) and the EM turns to me and asks if his mum is around, to which I tell her I am his mum. She looks shocked and then says
"do you know what's wrong with him?"
"yes, he'll be hungry"
"do you know how to feed him?"

I was completely shocked by this because even if I was babysitting I would know how to feed him. Plus he is 7 months old so I think I would have fed him at least once before.
I didn't say anything and just pulled out his bottle and fed him in my arms.
Since there was a lot of things going on around us, he was very distracted and would move away from the bottle to look at something and then cry because he has no bottle (very frustrating)
EM then says
"I can feed him for you"
At this point I'm just screaming what the fuck repeatedly in my head. I politely declined and told her I know what he's like. She then starts to get a bit aggressive saying I'm too young to look after him and I clearly can't cope being a single mother (I'm not single but my boyfriend was at work)

I couldn't believe what she was saying and got ready to leave, I picked my baby up and put him in the pram (he was screaming as his feed had now been disturbed)
I gathered our things that were on the floor right by the pram and as I turned around the woman was unstrapping my son in an attempt to take him out

I full on screamed at her to stop and an employee  saw what was happening and ran over immediately and asked her to leave
She refused as her two kids were playing and she didn't want to stop them

I said it was fine and I'd leave instead as I just want to get home again. I was so incredibly scared of what could have happened even though I'm fairly sure she just wanted to "help"

I haven't been back there since

TLDR: Baby was being fussy at soft play area, EM wanted to feed him because im too young to know what to do, said no, she got abusive, I put my son in the pram and then bent down to gather our things to find her unstrapping him /n(Forgive any wrong English I’m sorry !)
I’m an 18 yr old Chinese+Brit girl .
Yesterday i was at Wales comic con , but due to bad weather I had stayed in the cafe on a train station 10mins away while my boyfriend went to get some stuff done back at con. 

I had been in the cafe for about half an hour when this family group comes in , with 6-7 kids , age 6-12 , they were playful at first which is fine , but this is a very small cafe and they had begun to get too rowdy , knocking tables , drinks , climbing on furniture etc. everyone was visibly annoyed , while the parental guardians didn’t seem to care . 45 mins into this I have had enough and said to the kids calmly but firm”Excuse me , this is a cafe not a playground, if you could please calm dow-“
“WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE TALKING TO THEM LIKE THAT” 
And this woman (I could not tell if mother or grandmother) was screaming about how it’s her responsibility not mine to tell the kids what to do .
“Mam I don’t mean to start an argument but you’re not doing very good being responsible for them , everyone is uncomfortable and -“
“SHUT UP YOU CUNT/CHINK (I honestly couldn’t hear which) THEY’RE NOT YOURS TO TELL WHAT TO DO”
At this point she’s standing up and getting in my face . I’m still in my seat 
“YOU WANNA FIGHT OR SOMETHING !?” 
“please calm down I’m not trying to-“
“YOU WANT THIS (Coffee) IN YOUR FACE!?”
“Please just look after your kids”


She’s ranting and raving about how no one has the right to speak to their child like this and why’s it matter how they’re acting , cuz they’re not my kids (it matters cuz everyone is uncomfortable) while the coffee shop owner tries to calm her down , she apologizes to the owner before proceeding to throw her hot coffee in my face , along with all over my work .It wasn’t hot enough to cause burns but it definitely was hot enough to hurt .


Me:” *sigh* Very charming miss, thank you for that ” 
I stayed in my seat cleaning up my stuff to avoid any more argument. 
“what you gonna do about it ?! Going to fight me ?! Aww did I get your papers all wet !??You know where the police are, if they can get me I’m leaving . fucker don’t tell my kids what to do I’m not scared of police “ before getting all her family to leave. 
She proceeds to walk out to the train platform with her family as my boyfriend comes into the cafe and he sees me drenched in hot coffee with everyone else in the cafe comforting me and helping clean up . 
“I had coffee thrown on me She’s just left” 

He runs out and screams “WHO JUST DID THAT” 
And she smugly walks to him”it was mee~what you gonna do LITTLE MAN?! HIT ME !?? I FIGHT BACK” before raising her own fists , continuing to look for a fight . He screamed at her before coming back to care for me .the shouting had caught security attention , and witnesses informed on the incident, they detained her until police arrived . 


Ive told police what happened , they took my info down and will also review security footage . They will be calling me later today for an official statement .they already have this woman identified.

We plan to press charges for assault .

(I will edit the post for updates if I have any)

Update 1: (28 April 3pm)   Just got off phone with police and I need some discussion with my family to decide clearly what plan of action I want to take and they will be calling me at 5pm tomorrow for my official decision. Also found out it’s grandmother not mother .

Update 2: (28april 11pm)  I’ve had a talk with my family . And we’ve decided we want to prosecute her for common assault . Since I Didn’t have lasting injuries , compensation may not be an option  but prosecution for common assault will be the best option as of now , so she doesn’t feel shes won or can just get away with doing this to anyone . Waiting for tomorrow’s call.

Update : (29 April 7pm) got a message from the wales police officer in charge 
“Hi ____ - it's _______. The assault reported to North Wales Police will be transferred to British Transport Police (BTP) to investigate as it occurred on their patch. Once I have a reference number from BTP I will forward this to you. An officer will contact you from BTP in due course to see what you want to do with regards to a complaint.  Thanks, _________”

So once the BTP contact me I can say I want to prosecute. I was expecting a call from them at 5pm but I guess plans changed 



For any doubting the story , this is about as much evidence I can give atm : [police contact agreement ](https://imgur.com/a/f8AlNfq)/n*Insert I’m on mobile and english is not my native language*

Cast:
EM: Entitled Mom
F: Friend
Me: Mediteranian Empire

TLDR at the bottom

Okay so this happened some weeks ago and me and F were hanging out at his place playing some games on his PS4. Everything went well but EM has always been a bitch to everyone around her. We were taking turns on Detroit Become Human. Also F isn’t allowed to play violent games for religious reasons and he tricked his mom. We hear EM coming near F’s room and we got really unlucky. It’s the protest scene.

EM: *Opens door* Hey what are you pla-

She sees when the androids are getting shot at.

F: Mom I can explain.

EM: NO YOU CAN’T! ME WHY DID YOU MAKE HIM PLAY THIS GAME WHEN HE DOESN’T WANT TO?

F: I wanted to pla-

EM: NO YOU DIDN’T! ME TRICKED YOU INTO PLAYING SATANIC GAMES!

Me: This isn’t a satanic game.

EM: YES IT IS. *Takes the controller out of my hands and throws it at the TV* GET OUT!

She then kicked me out of the house. I spoke to F later that evening and he was pissed at his mom, but she often freaked out so it wasn’t anything new.

The next day I see that I have 4 unread messages.

Messages:

1. Hey you destroyed F’s TV yesterday and I want you to buy a new one.

2. Hello?

3. So you can just send money here: Paypal

4. ANSWER ME

I texted back as quickly as I could.

Me: I won’t pay for anything. You were the one who threw the controller.

EM: BUT YOU MADE ME DO IT

Me: No I didn’t.

EM: LISTEN HERE KID IF YOU DON’T GIVE ME THE MONEY I WILL TELL EVERYONE THAT YOU ARE IN A CULT

Me: Okay do it.

I blocked her and haven’t got any more messages but me and F can only talk in school. F said that she still wants money from me so I’ll update if anything happens.

TLDR: EM gets mad about violent game and throws controller at her sons TV. Gets mad and says I should pay for it.

Edit: When I said that she hasn’t sent anymore messages when I blocked her I meant that she didn’t send through a different number like other posts.

PART 2: Check my profile./nThis happened yesterday. 

I went to the Avengers Endgame premier at the local mall. Before then, I, along with many dedicated Marvel fans, preordered our tickets weeks ago on Fandango. I managed to order tickets within the first 10 minutes of the sales opening so I got some of the best seats in the house - middle of the row, in the middle of the theater. I was stoked. A worthy investment and a fun date night to be had with my girlfriend.

We arrive at the theater a few minutes before the previews roll, and as expected it’s already packed. We navigate to our row and start snaking past seated moviegoers to get to our seats. 

Enter EK1 through 15. 

We’re looking at the seat numbers and find EK1 and 2 are in our chairs. I politely ask them to get up.

Me: “hey man, it looks like you’re in our seats, we preordered the tickets” and I show EK1 and 2 my phone. 

Reluctantly they apologize for agree to get up and move, but not before the entire row of 12-14 year old kids start to shift around nervously. EK1 and 2 see some empty seats behind ours so they hop up and climb over the seat backs and sit down.

Not even 10 seconds later, a guy in his mid 20s, his girlfriend, and a few other guys start shuffling into our row. Instinctively, EK3 through 8 bolt out of the seats and scatter around the theater.

Enter ED. He motions the row below us to stand up as well. ED and EK9-15 all stand up and scatter with EK1-8. 

Now everyone else is starting to look around at these kids, because it’s clear they don’t belong in here. They’re climbing over everyone trying to take over seats wherever they can find them. I turn to the guy sitting next to me and talking to each other wondering where security is. Sure enough there’s a guard at the bottom of the theater by the entrance, and when he sees the commotion and seat exchanging he immediately recognizes something is up.

At this point ED and EK1-15 are scattered throughout the theater, and as more people show up to claim their rightfully paid seats, more EKs become displaced and scamper around trying to avoid being grabbed by security, which at this point our main guy has called for backup and has 3 other guards zeroing in on these kids.

Two EKs get cornered by security and the guards start interrogating them.

Guards: “So uh, where are your tickets?”

EKs: “Oh they’re on our phones, we prepaid”

Guards aren’t having any of their bs. They know these kids didn’t pay. 

Guards: “Well let’s see em”

EK: “Dammit, I cant find the confirmation email anywhere. Hey EK2, don’t you have them somewhere?”

EK2: “Yeah hang on lemme find it”

Fumbles for his phone, only to pull it out and exclaim his phone died and he can’t pull the tickets up

EK2: “But you gotta believe me, we paid for them like last week”

Guards: “Ok so you’re gonna have to come with us”

Now ED steps in. He climbs over seated people to hurry over to where the guards are talking to the EKs. 

ED: “What can I do for you gentlemen?”

Guards: “I assume these are your kids? They don’t have their movie tickets on them and claim they paid to see this movie”

ED: “Look man, these are my sons and their friends. They just want to see this movie like everyone else.”

Guards: “You can only see the movie if you paid for the tickets. You are knowingly taking what other people prepaid for. I’m going to have to ask you to leave”

ED: “Man, this is a kids movie. Can we just let them have fun? Look at them, they’re not doing anything wrong”

Another group of moviegoers arrive and ask more EKs to get up. Now all they know they’re caught, so they’re nervous to respond. They sit there pretending to not know the group is addressing them.

At this point, everyone in the theater is starting to demand these EKs and ED leave the showing, as they’re disrupting the theater and preventing others from sitting where they paid for.

Guards: “We’re not going to ask you again. Take your damn kids out of this theater and pay for Endgame tickets like everyone else”

ED realizing he’s outmatched 4 to 1 and almost all of the EKs in his group have been displaced and are just standing around, signals for them follow him out of the theater.

ED to EKs: “I tried guys... these damn nerds don’t know how to let kids enjoy themselves and have fun. Bunch of selfish assholes”

The guards escorted the entire clusterfuck of kids out of the theater just as the lights dimmed and the movie started rolling. Everyone cheered, for both the guards doing their duty and the start of what was an incredible movie

TLDR; ED and his posse of EKs try to take over multiple rows of prepaid Endgame seats, justice is served and he leaves pissed off

EDIT: Thanks for the Silver, anon! And readers beware, assholes are spoiling Endgame in the comments. I am downvoting and reporting all spoiler related comments. Tread carefully/nThis happened roughly two years ago, so much of the speech will not be completely correct. Sorry for it being so long, Also i’m on mobile so yeah...

This story requires a bit of background, so first off,  I have a friend who is from Germany. He moved here when he was around twelve. He speaks English well, but still has an accent that makes it hard for you to understand him sometimes, so he prefers to speak german as much as possible. We’ve known each other for a while and I decided to learn german to help him out (I’m not very good at it, but I can at least carry on a conversation) 

 In our second year of High school, a mutual friend’s dad asked us to work for him at his insurance company. We of course didn’t do anything actually related to the job, we were like errand boys. Our job consisted of tasks like, “Refill this stapler, get us more paper, or go get me some coffee.”  But, we got our own desk that we shared, and the best thing was the freedom we had. Our friends dad was super cool and let us play whatever music we wanted at our desk as long as it wasn’t too loud and was semi-family friendly.

So our cast 
Me-me F-friend Em-Entitled mom K-kid OW1/other worker B-Boss 

It was a normal day, when Em and K enter and go set down at OW1’s desk. 

After she sat down I go back to playing some game on my phone when I get tapped on the shoulder, I turn around and it’s EM

Em- could you turn off your music?

Me- Excuse me? I genuinely didn’t hear what she said.

Em- Stop being smart, I don’t want your music to affect my baby. Turn it off. 

Me- Oh, sorry, i’ll turn it off. 

Now it’s important to note that the song playing was Amerika by Rammstein (song is mostly in german) 

So OW1 starts talking to her for a good 30 min. Before he comes back to us. 

Me- How’s it going?
Ow1 just rolls his eyes and laughs 
Ow1- could you get me some extra paper? 

So my friend and I go to the back to pick up some paper and deliver it to OW1 while at his desk the em speaks to us

Em- Get me and K some water

It’s not unusual for a customer to ask for something, but she said it like a total bitch

F- (in german) What does she want?

Em- Don’t talk like that in front of K,  I don’t want him to become a Nazi

F-(german) did I do something wrong?

Me-(german) No you’re fine

Em then goes ballistic and gets in my face 

Em- I SAID DON’T SAY THAT SHIT IN FRONT OF K YOU SHOULD BE THROWN IN JAIL YOU NAZI!

Ow1-Ma’am calm down, he can’t speak english (it’s a lie but a lot easier to tell people than the truth)

EM- I WILL NOT CALM DOWN UNTIL THESE TWO ASSHOLES GET THROWN OUT 

Hearing the commotion my boss walks in

B- What’s going on here?

Em-THESE TWO REFUSE TO SPEAK ENGLISH IN FRONT OF K 

 Our boss just told her the same thing that Ow1 did. 

Em screams like a banshee and picks up a stapler and tries to throw it at F and I, but misses terribly and breaks a window, 

Realizing that she fucked up she grabs K and runs out of there. But not before kicking a whole in a desk and pushing over a stack of papers.

We call the cops, but by the time they get there she is gone. Due to some information she gave Ow1 (it was an insurance company after all) they are able to track her down (somehow) and make her pay for damages.  
/nFirst, a little backstory. I recently moved across the country (back to warmer climates). It is very expensive to move furniture 2000 miles, so a lot of stuff is cheaper to buy new. As I was separating my personal/sentimental belongings from what I was going to replace, I had a “brilliant” idea. I decided to offer the stuff I wasn’t taking with me for free online, as most of the items were still in good condition. I’d rather my old furniture and assorted items go to charities and people who could use them instead of the landfill. My only condition was that the person taking something had to pick up and transport any item themselves.

&#x200B;

The first item I posted was my pull-up tower with VKR. It had some minor wear and tear, but it was still in overall great condition. It was then that I encountered the dreaded EM. Thankfully, I only posted a newly created email account along with my town as my contact info to limit my exposure to potential threats (in this case, an irate Karen). No name, no address (just the town so people could assess travel for pickup).

&#x200B;

Me = Me, EM = Mother completely detached from reality, IK = innocent “kid” (college student)

&#x200B;

Soon after posting that my pull up tower was available for FREE, I was contacted by IK. After an email correspondence, I suggested we talk on the phone and gave him my cell number. He called to discuss getting the tower.

&#x200B;

IK: Hi! I emailed you about the pull up tower. I just started college at the state university in your town, and some friends and I are renting a house near campus. I think we could really use the equipment to save money by having it instead of a gym membership.

Me: College is expensive, so I completely understand. Smart move on looking for ways to save money. I’d be happy to let you have it. You’ll need to partially disassemble and reassemble it to get it through doorways. Nothing crazy. Just a couple of screws and bolts. It’s surprisingly light weight at 75 lbs and easy to move. Although, I do recommend a van or something large for transport. When do you think you can come pick it up?

IK: Probably next month.

Me: Sorry. I’m moving in a couple of weeks, so I need it gone before then. If you can come sooner, it’s yours. Otherwise, I’ll have to give it to the next person.

IK: Let me call my mom to borrow her car this weekend. It’s a big SUV, and I should be able to swing by in a day or two.

Me: Great!

&#x200B;

That’s when everything started to go horribly wrong. It was clear from what transpired next, that whoever coined the phrase “no good deed goes unpunished” had clearly met this EM. I get a phone call from IK's phone, so I answer.

&#x200B;

Me: Hello?

EM: You can deliver my son’s tower on Saturday at 10 am.

Me: What? Who are you?

EM: I’m the customer! Are you stupid or something? I want you to deliver his workout equipment on Saturday! That’s when I can be at the house to let you in. I’m very busy, you know.

Me: I’m not a store lady, and I don’t do deliveries.

EM: What? How dare you?! I am a paying customer!

Me: No, you aren’t. The tower is free. I’m moving and giving it away.

EM: That’s no excuse for treating a customer like this! I want to speak to your manager! I can have fired over this!

&#x200B;

As she continued to scream nonsense at me, the image of the stereotypical Karen haircut popped into my mind. I don't know whether she had one, but I'm guessing she did. I could practically see the haircut in my mind while she ranted. Her son seemed so nice and polite, so I’m wondering if he was adopted or there was a mix up in the hospital. Then her next comment snaps me back to attention.

&#x200B;

EM: If you don’t deliver on Saturday, I’ll take my business elsewhere!

Me: Fine by me <click>

&#x200B;

Later on, IK emailed me to apologize for his mother. Like I said, he was nice, so I’m guessing maybe he takes after his father. He said he still wanted the tower, and I told him he could still have it. He called me to get my address and directions, and that’s when EM reappeared.

&#x200B;

IK: So what time works for you?

Me: I have some meetings earlier in the day, but I can meet you after 5pm. I’m in the northern part of town and will text you the address when I get ho--\*

EM: Oh, it’s you again! I hope you’ve learned how to be respectful to your customers.

&#x200B;

(She must have snatched the phone from IK’s hand, because I could hear him protesting in the background)

&#x200B;

Me: Again, you are not a customer. It’s free.

EM: Well that’s no way to run a business! But I expect nothing less from an idiot!

Me: Whatever. Can you put IK back on?

EM: Not until we get some things straightened out.

Me: Like what?

EM: If my son is going to pick up and assemble this himself, you need to compensate him. That’s the polite thing to do. $500 dollars sounds fair.

Me: First, I’m not paying you to GIVE your son something FOR FREE. Second, the item didn’t even cost half that when it was still new. So, no and no.

EM: But my son is a smart college student with a bright future. His time is very valuable.

Me: So is mine.

EM: Not as much as my son’s, so $500 dollars should be fine. Besides, as a college student, he could use the money. Why are you being so selfish?

Me: How is a free pull up tower being selfish?

EM: Also, what is the warranty on the product in case it breaks?

Me: No money, no warranty. It’s free and as-is.

EM: I need your company and warranty info, in case it breaks and my son hurts himself, so I know who to sue. Lazy people (not the word she used) like you don’t make quality products.

Me: I’m not a company. I don’t work for the manufacturer. I didn’t make it. I’m just moving and giving it away.

EM: What? Why are trying to give my son gifts then?! Are you some pedophile trying to seduce my son?! I should call the cops on you right now. And I’ll tell them about the money you still owe me. I can have you arrested!

Me: I don’t have time to deal with a lunatic off her meds. Forget it. I’ll just throw it out.

EM: How dare y--- <click>

&#x200B;

I ignored the rest of her calls, texts, and nasty voicemails that came throughout the day. Threats of suing me, demanding a refund, and claims that I was after her “baby” continued. Just bizarre. So glad I didn’t post my address or name in the ad.

&#x200B;

I threw out the pull up tower and considered the matter over. And I was wrong. Sunday morning rolls around, and my phone rings. It’s early, and I was still sleeping, so I didn’t check my caller ID before answering.

&#x200B;

Me: Hello? (I was only half awake and yawning)

EM: Where were you yesterday? I waited at the house all day for you to show up and deliver the tower! This is unacceptable! I’ll have you fired over this!

Me: What? Leave me alone crazy lady.

EM: I’ll accept your apology if you deliver it today, and you need to give me a full refund for the cost of the item. Being this late, I shouldn’t have to pay for it.

Me: You didn’t pay anything. It was mine, and I threw the tower away.

EM: What?! I’m calling the cops on you! How dare you throw away my stuff! You’re gonna be arrested!

Me: The tower was mine to do with as I saw fit. I paid for it, and I have the receipt to prove it. I had every right to throw it out.

EM: You’re going to pay for the delay, the cost of a new tower, or I’m taking you to court. I’ll have you arrested for stealing, and fraud, and child--\*

Me: Go ahead and try. The tower belonged to me. I have the receipt. I also have insane voicemails, threats, and texts from you. You have nothing. You’ll be arrested for filing a false police report, death threats, stalking, and probably more. Although, you probably have a good shot at an insanity defense.

&#x200B;

I hung up and didn’t pick up after that. She kept calling, but it didn’t matter as I was getting a new number soon when I moved. After one Karen, I took down my ads and made arrangements with a local charity run by a nearby church to pick up anything they wanted for the poor. They weren’t professional movers, so some of the heavier stuff had to be taken by a trash service.

&#x200B;

Her son emailed me again to apologize for his lunatic mother. I told him that he did nothing wrong and had nothing to apologize for. I said I was sorry he missed out on a free pull up tower and wished him the best of luck in school./nBackstory: So, i'm a college student and rent an apartment with my bf. Thankfully we rent near college so we save a lot of money in transportation.

This year we got moved to a apartment on a lower floor, the building has no elevator, so it's a blessing. The building has two entrance, one in the fourth floor and one on the first, being in a hill and all that. So, now that we are on the second floor we use the entrance on the first floor (This is important I promise).

So, we came back from shopping groceries and we run into EM and ED. ED is a 15 yo girl and EM is your typical housewife, short dyed hair and a resting bitch face. My bf is damn cute so he get quite a few looks and compliments once in a while, but more often than not, girls desist once they hear him talk (he has the "gay voice").

EM: Well, hello children (We are both 20, he looks younger and I look older). I didn't knew we had new neighbours.

BF: Yeah, we used to rent and apartment on the seventh floor, but we got one in the second now.

ED: Are you single? -She just said while leaning forward, trying to seduce my bf with her inexistent boobs.

ME: He's not. He has a loving boyfriend.

Both EM and ED changed their expression. ED looked disappointed, but EM... Oh boi, she got as red as a lobster.

EM: How dare you reject my daughter, you f\*\*\*\*\*. I will get the priest so he can kick you of the building.

ED: Are you sure you are gay? I can get a strap-on is that what you want... -I kid you not-

My BF was shocked. He is very shy and socially anxious, so I am. But i don't tolerate bullshit.

ME: Look, you can scream and cry all you want, but you can't make us leave. And if you keep harassing us, we can sue you for discrimination.

EM: I will say you tried to rape my daughter and assaulted me. Let's see who they believe.

My Bf hides behind me, this was one of the things he was scared of once we started dating and going in public together.

ME: Try us, but remember. The walls have ears and eyes -I pointed to the security cameras that were installed on every floor.

EM turns pale and grabs her daughters arm and leave the building. I grab the bags with groceries with one hand and my Bf hand with the other, he's about to have a panic attack. We spent the rest of the day watching anime and eating junk food.

We talked to the apartment owner about the incident and turns out that EM is renting too. So, he's gonna talk to her about that. We now use the entrance on the fourth floor again.

Edit1: Spelling/nSo this happened at the park yesterday and honestly I have been too mad and busy to post.

TLDR at bottom.

Okay so there is me, who will be me. And there is entitled mother who will be EM. We both had kids with us but they didn't speak.  

So it was an unseasonably nice day outside for summertime. A walk in the park with my kids was a must. So I put them and their double stroller in the car and off we go. 

It was a glorious walk and my kids had fun pointing out trees and ducks. My two year old daughter loves ducks. My 10 month old son just like chewing on his sleeves. Hey, whatever makes him happy.

Eventually we meet EM and her kids (nice looking kids, seemed okay). The following conversation happened. 

Em: awe what cute boys!" (Both my kids were wearing t-shirts with super heroes on them (Spider-Man for my daughter and Batman for my boy). I'm a nerd and I don't care what they wear so long as it's clean. I've put my son in a white onesie with blue hearts on it once. You go with what you got) 

Me: oh thanks. (Didn't seem necessary to correct her on my daughter's gender. She's two after all. Who cares. Right?)

Em: awe what are their names? How old are they?

Me: oh well the older one is (insert obviously girly name here) and this is my son....

Em: what? That's a girls name. That's not a girl. 

Me: (nervous laughter, not sure if she's joking) yes, she is. I know her hair's a bit short, it just hasn't grown out.... (My daughter has very short hair and at this age she sometimes can look like a boy. It's not a big deal, hair grows and I'm not worried about it.) 

Em: i can't believe people like you treat kids this way. It's a disgrace. 

Me: (getting frustrated) excuse m....

Em: how dare you. You should teach "her" (she actually made air quotes with her hands) how to be a girl, not some effing trans freak. Those are boys clothes! 

Me: okay, we are done here. 

Em: (stepping in front of me) No! You're teaching your child to sin. (Goes to grab my stroller) I'm taking her with me. I'm not going to let her grow up thinking she can just grow a d**k! (THAT'S NOT HOW THAT WORKS, LADY! WTF?)

Now when I saw her hand coming at my stroller and by extension my kids, I did something I'm not proud of. At all. I shoved this woman. Hard. She hit the ground with a very audible thud. I didn't care at the time. seriously, don't come near my kids or try to touch them without permission. Her kids just looked embarrassed. Hindsight, I do wish I hadn't gotten physical in front of them. Regardless if she deserved it, it's just not a good example to set.

Em: the f**k??!!!! (she gets back up and tries to reach for my stroller again)

Me: first, shut up, unless you want a busted lip to match your bruised a**. Second, don't you ever try to touch my kid again. Third, it is none of your business if my kid grows up to be gay, trans, bi or whatever else she wants to be. It's her business, and her business only. Parents should be more concerned with teaching their kids how to not be bigotted, homophobic assholes. Something clearly lacking in YOUR upbringing." 

I turned my stroller around and stormed off. It was a ways back to my car but I was still fuming. Only thing I regret is her kids having to watch their mom get her ass handed to her. Hope they grow up to be normal people. From the looks on their faces, they knew her behavior was unbecoming. So hopefully that's a start. 

Now did I call the cops... No because my phone had actually died on the way to the park. So it was sitting, dead, in my car and useless to me. I'm really bad about keeping it charged. The park did have one of those emergency call button things on a post, but they only have the one and it was at the other end of the park. No good to me and the lady would likely have been gone before anyone showed up. 

To all y'all out there...  Be yourself. So long as you ain't hurting anyone, you just be you. And don't just start assuming bc a girl is wearing "boy clothes" that she is trans or is being taught to be. My kid is two. Let her be two. And super heroes rule. And don't touch someone else's kids. Just... Don't do it. 

TLDR: crazy em accuses my two yr old of being trans bc she has a boy super hero shirt on. 

Edit* a couple of comments from people saying that they doubt the story happened and such. I really don't see the point in making up a fake story online for a couple of reasons. One I'm not getting any kind of monetary gain out of it. If I was making some money off of it that would be one thing but I'm really not. To I'm not getting any kind of real world recognition for it. Nobody on this subreddit knows my real name I'm not going to appear on the Oprah Winfrey show or The Ricki lake show if that's even still on or The Ellen degeneres show even though that is a big bucket list item for me. There's really no reason for me to lie about it none that I can see anyway. And if we're all being honest here I'm really just not that creative. You're free to believe what you want to believe you believe it happened okay if you don't okay it's really no skin off my nose either way. I told the story it's out there take it for what you will/nFirst of all, sorry for bad spelling, english is not my first language and also Im on mobile so formating may be bad, i apologise. Also first post here please sorry if I do it wrong.

Backstory: I am pretty tall, im 190cm (6,3 I think but i dont understand feet and inches) i had a friend a couple years ago that was about 145cm or something (4.7 i think).  I was about 15 at the time of this story.

ED - entitled sad, EK - entitled kid, F - friend, ME - me (surprise), father - my father

So EK, F and ME was mucking about in my backyard doing stupid stuff as teenagers do. EK was sometimes pretty cool and we didn’t want to be mean to her. After a while we decided to see which one out of us was the tallest. F and EK  was pretty similar in height but I was at least a head taller than them. 

So we started out by me measuring both of them and seeing that F was a couple centimeters taller than EK. Then this happened:

 EK: “now it’s your turn!”

Me: “what?”

EK: “we have to measure you now!”

Me: “but I’m obviously taller than both of you?”

EK(angerly) : “you don’t know that until we’ve measured you!”

Me(thinking she is joking): “are you serious??”

EK: “Yes we have to see who is tallest!”

F: “but you can see he is taller than you!”

EK(furious by now): You just don’t want to admit I’m the tallest!!!”

She then storms off down the street to her own house, we think nothing of it and go inside to play video games. After about 30 minutes we hear a nock on the door, we open and there is EK with her dad.

ED: “APOLOGISE TO MY DAUGTER RIGHT NOW!”

Me: “for what?”

ED: “for refusing to measure her!”

Me: “but we didn’t need to? You can see yourself that I am taller”

ED: “but it’s not fair if you don’t measure her!”

By this time my father has heard the yelling and come to look.

Father: “what’s going on?”

ED: “These brats are bullying my daughter!”

Father:”how?”

ED: they refuse to admit my daughter is tall!

Father(very confused by now):” my son is obviously taller but why is that important?”

ED: “it is rude!”

Father: “no it’s not! Now go home!”

He then closed the door and locked it. After this we always avoided her and never spoke with her again.

Sorry if ot was anticlimatic, i just wanted yo tell someone./nWhen my daughter was  11 the only thing she wanted for her birthday was some heavy duty rope so she and her brother could play in the woods with it and do things like make tree swings. My husband and I went to Home Depot and bought her something like 15 feet of rope that ended up costing about $50. We wanted her to have some nice rope. It was an unusual thing for a little girl to ask for for her birthday but we wanted her to be able to use it they way she was imagining so we didn’t mind spending more than we’d expected getting this rope. 

At the time, we lived in this enormous planned community that had hundreds of acres of natural areas and parks filled with big, old live oaks, so plenty of trees for everyone in the community to enjoy in whatever way they pleased. One day my daughter, our son, and two friends of theirs took the rope to a nearby park and looped it around some tree branches to swing off of. They were minding their own business in the park when this little boy of about four approached them, watching them swinging. They asked if he wanted to try but he said his mom wouldn’t let him. They said ok and went back to swinging. Pretty soon the little boy’s mom came over and told them they needed to untie the rope and leave the park because her son was too young to swing and it wasn’t fair that he had to watch them have fun while he couldn’t. Now, for safety’s sake I had trained my kids that they didn’t have to do anything that a strange adult told them to do and if a stranger asked them to do anything they should give the adult my phone number and tell them to call me, which is what my daughter did. The entitled mom snorted and said, “I don’t need to talk to your mother!” She then walked back to where she and some other mothers had been having a picnic and got a small knife, then came back and cut my daughter’s rope off the tree!

My children were terrified that this wacky lady came at them with a knife and cut the rope and came flying home on their bikes extremely upset. When they told me the story I was sooooo pissed. I’d been in a car wreck a few weeks prior and had a broken pelvis. I was just to the point where I was able to walk OK using a walker but I wasn’t supposed to be driving yet but I was so angry I put my walker in my van and drove to the park, looking for the woman my children had described. She was still there and was very smug and not at all sorry. 

I introduced myself and told her I was the mother of the kids with the rope. She told me the same story my kids had and admitted she had cut the rope because her son wasn’t old enough to swing. I was astounded. I believed what my kids were saying to me but I’d assumed the mother would spin it that she was worried that my kids were hurting the tree or something. 

I told her, “You’re going to need to pay for that rope you destroyed. That was my daughter’s birthday present and you had no right to cut it.”
She said, “I don’t think so. I’m not paying for anything.”

I wasn’t sure what to do at this point but I asked her for her name and address and she stupidly gave it to me. She kind of laughed and said, “Sure, I’ll give you my name. I’ve got nothing to hide!” I hobbled back to my van and went home, seething with anger. I called my husband and he immediately said, “Call the police,” which I did. 

A policeman came within about 20 minutes since we lived in a pretty small town and I told him the story. He said, “That’s destruction of property and she can’t do that.” She lived within walking distance of my house so he drove up there talk to her and was back within a few minutes saying, “She says she’ll pay for the rope now. Or you can press charges and I’ll arrest her. It’s your choice.” I was pretty surprised to hear that she could get arrested over destroying $50 of rope because that really hadn’t occurred to me. I thought maybe she’d get a ticket or something. 

When it comes to my kids I’m a mother tiger and by this point I WANTED this lady to spend a few hours in the county jail but I didn’t want to be unreasonably vindictive either. I asked the cop what he thought I should do but he said he couldn’t make that choice for me. I called my husband again and he said, “Press charges. You already gave her an opportunity to pay for the rope and she didn’t want to.” 

When I told the cop I wanted to press charges he smiled and said, “That’s the right choice. You gave her a chance to pay.” He told me he was going back to her house to arrest her. I assume he did, though I never heard anything further about it.

We ended up having to buy my daughter some new rope ourselves but it was worth it to put that entitled mom in her place./nOn mobile, formatted, but probably typos, sorry!

Pup tax!!


http://imgur.com/a/EW9Yf2p



Update: I don't know if it's customary to make a comment after So. Many. Updoots. But I just wanted to say thanks for reading everyone! Always be respectful of service pups, and stay awesome :) 



Update 2: WAIT WHAT? SILVER?! You guys are amazing! I'm happy my pain brought some of you a bit of happiness today haha, thanks :)



It's a bit long, but its all conversation so should read fast :)



This happened a year ago ((EDIT: Was actually 2 years ago, I am bad at processing time in recent years, also attributed to my "disability" stuff)) . I kinda forgot about it honestly until this weekend when I took my service pup out for some fun at the aquarium for the first time! (We went to a sea lion show, she was so good!!!)



I live in DC, it's a major tourist city around holidays because the museums are free admission, which is even better if you live here! Sometimes I like to play tourist, and it's also great for my service pup to not lose her experience if you will. I used to take her to my classes (college) but I've found that I have gotten a bit better on my own :) She helps me with anxiety and locating exits, I have panic attacks often (PTSD), certainly not as bad as another post where the op had siesures, but it still makes an impact having her there for me especially in crowds. 



Because DC is a tourist destination, often the people in the museums are there for vacation, don't care to act civil and how you should normally be in public (for some reason I don't fucking know why you lose all common sense).



The cast!



EP- entitled (soon to be) parent



CD- generally cool dude, not having it with this woman


EF- entitled family group these two were with. I am assuming they were all family members



SG- chill security guard dude



Me- yours truly



Pup- Ellie the Batgirl, the star of the show unfortunately, but she's the best little girl. As a puppy she had a bat shape on her booty, hence the nickname :)



It was around the time Starwars force awakens ((EDIT: It was 2 years ago, Starwars Last Jedi!)) came out, and there were super cool costumes on display in the Air and Space museum! Our mission was mostly to keep her on her toes in a public setting, it had been a week or so since we were in a crowd or on the metro. 



We had been at the museum for a few hours, and she was very well behaved, not reacting when parents would sick their kids on her to pet her despite the vest and the big bold letters *do not pet!* I had to ask the parents to please keep their children from petting my working service animal. Without the vest on, I would love it for these kids to have fun! Most of them were shy or pointed out the do not pet sign to their parents.



It was almost time to go, and we were walking around the main area displays. *ENTER EP AND CO.*



I was looking at a shuttle, Pup sitting at my feet when I hear from behind abnoxiously loud:



EP- "ITS SO STUPID, WHY WOULD ANYONE NEED A SERVICE DOG IN A MUSEUM OF ALL PLACES!"



EF- talking a bit lower how people should respect rules and not come into a public space with animals, even for health reasons.



CD- absent from conversation



ME- With my anxiety I'd normally walk away (as I write this in shaking) but this time was different. I couldn't stand by and let them do this to someone else that they'd encounter. I start walking over to confront them, with my pup of course.



CD- mouths *"shit"* or something, he clearly didn't want this and didn't agree with them



ME- "Can you repeat for me please what you just said?" Looking at EP and EF's



*...pause. All blank stares, in disbelief I'd walk over*



EP- *finally* " I just don't understand why you felt you had to take your dog to a public building. You don't need her here you look perfectly fine-"



Me- "In case you didn't know, most disabilities are not visible to the eye. My service animal performs tasks to simply allow me to live a normal life as you do. Are you saying I don't have the simple right to enjoy coming to my favorite museum?"

Pup- gets closer to me and stands in front deffensively.



EP- " WELL YOU SHOULD BE WEARING SOMETHING SAYING YOU NEED THIS HELP"



ME- "My dog and her vest ARE my indication and are an extension of myself. No one else  is handling her, and that's just stupid, you want me to be any more branded by my disability? That's just fucked up."



EP- "YOU CAN'T SWEAR, THERE ARE KIDS AROUND!"



I can see SGs getting wind of this and coming over, they take this stuff pretty seriously.




ME- "You have been yelling and acting like a child the moment I heard your voice across the room. We are doing nothing to harm you by existing, get on with your sad life lady."



SG- "Hey what seems to be the trouble?"




EP- "HER *'SERVICE DOG'* ISNT REAL SHE IS NOT DISSABLED!"


SG- "Mam, I can assure you, the dog is a service animal, please leave this woman alone or I will escort you and EF  out of the building"



(I go here often so he must have remembered me! ... Or he didn't want to deal with this bitch haha)



EP- "EXCUSE ME but we are here on vacation and came all the way across the country to this museum and we are not leaving!" (She clearly misheard him, if she calmed down then would have been free to stay)



SG- *says some code into his radio* "mam I am asking you to leave quietly or I will have to force you to exit the building"



EP and co. leave all huffed and upset. I feel bad CD had to leave, he didn't ask for any of this.



I apologized to the security guard, he said they have been rude the entire time, and EP refused to go into "the cancer machine" (metal detector) and was upset with having to get a pat down, holding up the line. 



And that's it. No real big ending here haha, and I don't think I would have been able to take much more confrontation than this. Ellie got many extra pats and treatos :)



Tldr: EP and fam say service animals should not be in public spaces, try to get me kicked out of a museum my pup and I frequent./nAnother story about Crazypants.  This one isn't very good I am afraid.  The next one will be better but this one features my Dad who CP was often at war with.


Quick summary, Crazypants was my incredibly nosy and entitled neighbour with two adult children who were spoilt and greedy.  This woman seriously believed she was in charge of everyone in my street.


A little background for this.  Years ago I moved back home to help my Mum look after my Dad as she was struggling.  My Dad has multiple conditions - Angina, Diabetes, and Arthritis amongst them.  Then sadly my Mum passed away so Dad was completely on his own.  My Dad could fill a subreddit all on his own with stories as he has a foul mouth and is known for being a complete bastard to people who annoy him (you will see this later) but he can't get around like he used to and relies on me to keep him out of trouble and keep things ticking. Thankfully because my job is from home, I can look after him.  Now, sometimes the people I work for are based in other countries so when I talk to them online, it can be late at night or early morning because of time difference.  CP's children do not live with her.  The daughter does not work while the son owns some of the property near us and rents it out. They are very well off having both married into money.  Meanwhile, I don't get a lot of free time because I work, I am a carer for the grumpiest yet somehow lovable git on the planet, and I have my own chronic illness on top. 



Now to the main story.

I had just been talking with a client.  It was about 2am in the morning and I was downstairs.  The living room light of course was on because I am not an owl.  I was typing up something when there was a banging on the door.  I was worried as we had in the past had drunks at the door mistaking our house for some friend's place and you never know what they may do.  I open it carefully and there is CP.  



You can guess the key here.

CP: Excuse me why are you awake?

Me: Sorry?  

CP: I want to know why you are awake.

Me: Erm did we wake you or something? (No noise had been made and there was no way CP would have seen our light on without leaving the house.  In fact, she would often step out and do a late night inspection of the street like she was looking for contraband)

CP: I don't think you should be up this late.  Why are you up?

Me: I don't think it is any of your business but since you asked so sweetly, I am working.

CP: But it's 2am!

Me: ...and it's my home.  Are we now just pointing out random facts?  Because this game is boring me.

CP: You should be asleep.  

Me: ...and yet here you are wide awake.  Isn't it a miracle?  We should form a club.

CP: I am supposed to be going to the hair dressers at 10 am and I don't want you too tired.

(Now this has me super confused and I don't know how to respond for a few moments.)

Me: Excuse me, what does your hair appointment have to do with me?

CP: Well I was going to get you to drive me to it.  ED and ES have important things to do and you already do a lot for that very rude man.  The least you can do as a neighbour is give me a lift.

Me: What the... Are you completely off your rocker?

CP: What's the problem?  You do stuff for your father all the time.

Me: I would also like to point out I don't drive, let alone own a car and even if I was up for letting you sit on the handlebars of my bike, why would I be taking you to the hairdressers?!  You have a daughter and a son with multiple fancy cars, get one of them to take you or get a taxi and stop bothering me over what I do in my own home.

CP: But they work! (Like hell they do) I can't bother them.  You are home all day.

Me: I work from home.  Like I was doing before you banged on the door.  Now please go away.

(It was at that point I discovered my Dad had been woken up and was now leaning out of the bedroom window listening to the whole thing.)

D: CP, why don't you mind your own fucking business and piss off!

CP scurries away upon the sight of grumpy dad's man nipples and I go back inside.  



The next day, the daughter arrived to take mother dearest to the hairdresser.  I was coming out to walk the dog and got death stares from them both.  It was at this point my Dad opened the living room window and shouted at CP...

D: "....And get your fucking moustache waxed!"

Thanks for making it less awkward, Dad.



Next story: When ED and CP try to con the council to pay for ED's BMW and get an innocent man fired.

Update:. Oh wow.  I didn't expect lightning to strike twice.  Cue more online social awkwardness.  Thank you for the love, silver, and gold.  I will quickly answer a couple of questions I keep seeing.  Firstly I am in the UK and if it comes across that I may be from other places it's because I was raised in a duel nationality household plus a multi-nationality extended family and I am also used to interacting with people from all over so I have picked up certain language habits I am always trying to get over, secondly I answered the door as it may have been an emergency.  I live in a relatively sleepy village so the likelihood of it being anything more than someone who has drunk too much cider is slim here.  Some of my neighbours are old and some have children so people do try to look out for each other.  Finally I have been asked about my illness.  I don't really want to go into massive detail as I am not looking for pity but I was in a bad accident years ago and it triggered a few issues including Fibromyalgia.  It's nothing for anyone to worry about on my behalf, I just need to use things like a cane or a joint support sometimes.  

I would also like to say that I know even more parents out there who are amazing and have to deal with so much in the way of work, health, and exhaustion and while there are many crappy people in the world, don't allow them to dull your ability to extend compassion and understanding./nBackstory: In the game GTA V you can buy these items called Shark Cards that give you in game currency. There is this glitch me and my friends use to make money fast.

Story: My friend texts me to ask me if I want to do the glitch with him in a hour or so. I want to make some money so I say sure and load up my game to mess around before he gets on. I decied that I might as well try and do the glich with a random person over the GTA official club.
I meet this kid who, like most people, ask me to go first. Sine I have done this glitch many times it only takes around 10 minutes for around $20 dollars worth of Shark Cards. He says to do another for him and I respond with no because he could easily scam me out of more than one.
He tells me that he does not have the mission to do the glitch and I tell him that was douchey then left. He invited me to a party 10 minutes later.
Em is entitled Mom Ek is entitled Kid

Em - Hello

Me - Uhhh hello

Em - well hello there, my son told me that you scammed him out of some money.

Me - Thats no(Em interrupts me.)

Em - so what you are going to do is give it back with an extra $50 for being a scammer.

Me - First of all, I did not scam him, he scammed me. Second, it was in game money so its barely worth anything.

Ek in the background

Ek: He told me that he would do a glitch for money if I did it for him and he lied to me.

Em: Since you scammed my son you can just do the glitch instead of paying us.

Me thinking this is a joke - Lol

Em: this is no laughing matter mister you will give my son ...
Ek: 1 billion
Em: 1 BILLION dollars or we will sue you.

Now this would take days of grinding and would add up to 20000 dollars.

Me: sue me over what ... getting scammed by your son?

Em : Exactally

Me: Thats not happening so I am going to leave now.

Em: You better not

Me: Well I am, Bye.

I left.

 
Sorry if this isnt as great as some entitled parent stories, bit hoped you liked it.

Edit: The glitch is the Bogdan problem or Act 2.
Basically the host starts up act 2 with only one other person, puts it on hard and give the person who is not the host 95% cut. You then finish the bogdan probblem and get in the avenger where it tells you to fly to los Santos airport. Right when the plane lands, the host should be ready to dashboard. I usually leave when your character Exits the Avenger in the last cutscene. You can repeat this and get around 3 million dollars in an hour. If you didnt understand you can just serch it up on youtube where you will probably find it./nA little backstory: I live in an apartment. I've got 3 Red-Eared Sliders as my pets. They're the cutest things ever and I love them with all my heart. I regularly take them for walks (I just hold one of them in my hand and walk around and I show them around. They love it :D)

Ok so today I was carrying around Oogway, my oldest turtle (he'll be 3 this June) and showing him how metal felt and letting him walk around on mud and other good stuff. So I'm carrying Oogway and going to a friend's flat to talk for a bit and as I'm holding Oogway and walking up the stairs to friend's house, this girl (ED) who looked like she was 10-12 years old comes up to me and says "Is that a turtle?!". I smile and answer in the positive. She asks if she could pet him so I agree to let her feel his shell. SHE JUST DRAGS HER NAILS ACROSS HIS SHELL you could hear her nails scraping his shell. Oogway was visibly upset and kicks out, which is his way of saying he's upset. I say "He doesn't like that please stop doing it he's uncomfortable." She gets a bit annoyed and asks me where I got him. Now people usually ask me this and a lot of people mistreat their turtles or abandon them so I tell her I got them from a pet store that was shutting down. She asks me where the pet store was located so I say it was shut down. She just turns around and goes to what I assume is her home.

Anyways after 10/15 minutes I'm walking back down to my flat and I have to pass that floor. Should've taken the lift instead. ED and her entitled mom (We'll call her EM) stops me. The convo goes something like this:

EM: Hi. My daughter seems to like your turtle and we'd like to know if you'd be able to give him to us . 

Me: Uhh and why would I do that?

EM: You've got 3 others, you'll still have 2 more. (I don't even know how she knew I had 3 turtles. I never mentioned it) We can pay you ₹500 (literally 7$ for you Americans) for him if that's fine with you.

Me: I'm sorry but Oogway isn't up for adoption or sale or anything you can check the shelters if you want to get a pet for ED I'm sure it'll help the animal too.

(At this point Oogway felt uncomfortable and started urinating on my hand, another stress thing I'm used to.)

EM: I'm sure we'll be able to take better care of your turtle than you are. 

The EM just tries grabbing Oogway out of my hands and Oogway bites her (which can hurt, I'm sure it hurt) and she just screeches. Didn't even yelp in pain or anything. Straight up screeches. This was drawing a bit of attention since the apartment is quite small so I just shove them aside and walk away because what else was I supposed to do?

Should've done something else maybe but it didn't hit me then. Also there's a family moving in to my apartment and I PRAY TO GOD IT'S not them.

Yeah this was kinda long but I gotta thank Oogway for my 7 upvotes.

Edit: Pictures of Oogway for you guys https://imgur.com/gallery/PmqQSuO

Edit: The Entitled aren't moving in! Turns out they were visiting a relative! (Also explains how they knew I had 3 turtles huh)/nI prefer to lurk and read on reddit rather than post, but I do have something to contribute to this sub. It’s not super dramatic or climactic or anything, and I’m not going to embellish, exaggerate, or fabricate anything just to make it more “interesting.” But anyhow, here is my experience with a stranger (EM) whom I’d seen around before (small town) and her child who was probably around 5 or 6 years old (EC).

So, I have a heart condition and my cardiologist frequently has me wear a holter monitor, which is a type of heart monitor that you wear for a certain amount of time (my cardiologist usually does 48 hours for me) and it’s basically a constant EKG. I get them every several months or so to keep tabs on my rhythm disorder. You cannot take the monitor off during the time you’re supposed to have it, so you can’t shower while you’re wearing it (which is annoying). If you remove any of the leads, it messes up the EKG results.

Whenever I’m wearing one of these, I dress accordingly to hide it. High neck, etc. This was a summer day and I was wearing a shirt that I thought covered the leads well. Unfortunately, my bag kept pulling the left edge of my neckline down lower and I was constantly tugging it back up. 

I was at a pharmacy to pick up a few things. There was a mother and her young son in the store; the child was acting bored and impatient while his mother shopped. I ended up in the same aisle as them momentarily. I leaned down to grab something off a low shelf, and gravity pulled my bag downward and slid my neckline down with it. Before I had the chance to pull it back up, the little boy noticed it and approached me. I smiled and said hi to him. I never want to be rude to people, especially children, so I oblige with any conversation they may start.

EC: What’s that thing on you?

Me: Oh, it’s a little machine that checks my heart!

EC: Why? 

Me: My heart is sick, so my doctor wants to make sure I am okay. 

EC: Can I touch it?

Me: Um, you can look but please no touching.

The mother turns and comes over.

EM: What’s the harm in him touching it? He’s just curious.

Me: I don’t want to stifle his curiosity. I just don’t want my monitor reading to get messed up and give me false results. It’s very important that the leads stay on.

EC: Is it glued on you? 

EM: Look, it’s glued, it’s not gonna come off. Just let him check it out. He’s never seen one before, Go on honey, take a look at her cool gizmo! (Yes, that’s the word she used)

Me: *uncomfortable* um, well, it’s not actually glued and it could get accidentally pulled off. I guess you can touch if you’re really careful. Please don’t take the stickies off.

EC starts investigating it for a moment. He luckily was very careful as I told him to be. I thanked him for that and said “good job being careful!” 

Now EM comes over and starts to investigate it. She asks me a bunch of questions about it, like whether I had a hole in my heart and things of that nature. She takes notice of the little monitor box that I have tucked in my pocket, which EC then starts trying to take out of my pocket. He accidentally drops it, and it falls, pulling hard on the wires. I gasped and grabbed it, hoping that none of the leads came loose or anything. Luckily none did.

I told them I had to go and got away from them. I thought it was pretty rude that the mom insisted on letting her young child mess with somebody’s medical device. Maybe I should have been more vocal about why and I should have been more assertive. But I’m one of those people who can’t say “no” to anybody and I honestly tend to let people walk all over me. 

I’m lucky my monitor didn’t come off and I’m very glad that the interaction wasn’t dramatic. It could have been worse!



/nBefore anyone asks for the precious posts, just look at this please. 

https://www.reddit.com/user/PlannedBaronhood/comments/avresm/the_f_series_in_order/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

I’m sorry it took so long guys. I’ve had stuff I was dealing with at my own house, as you saw. But here’s the moment you have all been waiting for. Light...camera...piece of shit parent!

So this is gonna be a seriousss update. I’ve been reading through every single comment. I talked to CPS like some of you said. I talked to lawyers. I did absolutely everything in my power to help F. Ok that sounds bad but first of all I had her consent. We’ve been talking for a little while again, but I didn’t wanna fill anyone in on what was going on in case they decided to use this in any case they filed. 
Anyway, to the story. 

So me and F were talking about her parents at around 2 am. It went sorts like this. 

F: Yeah, they are not getting along after what happened. My dad thinks my mom is a psycho, and I’m starting to agree. 

Me: Starting to?! Have you been in a coma?

F: Shut up. All I know is they’re not going to be together for very long, and there’s going to be a custody battle over me. 

Now this is where I started listening intently. She talked about how her dad was going to try his hardest to get her mom out of her life, and then make sure F never had to go through that kind of crap again. It caught my attention because...well....that’s what I wanted lol. So in that very moment, I decided to help. 

I’ve texted ED before, as you guys know. Just to get EM’s info but I still have his number. So I text  him and tell him I want to help with getting custody of F. Now he doesn’t like me, but I had no idea just how delirious this man was. 

I went to their house the next day, and we started talking. If it came down to a custody battle, EM would win, based solely on the fact she was the mother and had the slightly better job. Then a lightbulb went off in my head, and I took to the comments of Reddit. 

Hundreds of you guys told me what she was doing is illegal. I never really paid attention because it didn’t hurt F, but now I started reading. I went through 1,398 comments and DMs to find what I needed. Finally, I put together everything I could do, and we called his attorney. 

He was going to charge her for child neglect, child endangerment, assault on a minor (I won’t talk about that because you guys are insane), disturbing the peace (I didn’t believe that was even a charge to be honest), and a small grocery list of other things. 

And it began. A hearing/trial was set, and I was to go as a witness. Now if I use the wrong words or anything guys, please don’t judge me I’m 17 I’ve never been aquatinted with the court of law. F was also going to testify, and we’d shed some light on the things her mom did to her. 

Fast forward to the date, it really wasn’t eventful untilI got up. The entire time I talked about the verbal harassment, the outfits, the slander, she was smiling smugly like she’d won the case. I was actually worried. We had no proof she’d done this, so if her case was good enough she could win. After I was done, and a few more things were said, she was ready to give her defense. 

The first thing I noted was she was representing herself. That was either really good or really bad. Either she wasn’t going to waste money on a lawyer for a case she knew she’d lose, or she was that confident she was going to win. I was going through all the possibilities when I hear audible laughter. 

I look around. Some people are laughing, others are staring slack jawed at this woman. The judge clears his throat and asks her to repeat that. And I will never forget the look of sheer stupidity on everyone’s face. 

EM: I said I did all that, but because my daughter deserves to date him. It’s not his choice, so I didn’t exactly do anything wrong. Their charges are completely void. Now can we wrap this up? I have work. 

So we’re all sitting there stupidly. No one knows what to say. No one can put together a rational thought. Who in the hell would ever make that their defense. This judge turns, smiles at ED, turns back to EM, and rips fucking into her. 

Judge: How dare you? You’re not only trying to strip this boy of his rights, but you’re also trying to force your daughter into a situation where she’s uncomfortable or unsafe. You have no ideals, no morals, and you do not deserve to have kids. I don’t ever want you to have kids again. I’m going to make sure you can’t have custody of another human being as long as you live. 

Obviously court went in favor of ED, and the charges were all accepted. Right now, F is living with ED, and EM is in jail. I couldn’t tell you the exact time, but I know it’s on the range of 2-3 years. I’m just glad it’s over. Me and F are back to being best friends, and that entitled piece of shit is finally gone. Thank you guys for your help too. I used a lot more of Reddit’s advice than I ever thought I’d need. 

I’ll keep you updated on me and F on my profile, since there’s no need for EP anymore since the most Entitled Parent is gone. Have an amazing day guys!



/nSo here is the cast

M: my mom

EM: entitled mom

P: principle

So when I was in first grade my mom would drop my siblings and I off at school every day. She purchased a parking space reserved for her because she would park in her spot to drop us off rather than waiting in line, and she also helped in school events a lot. The parking spot had a sign that said “Reserved for ‘Mathman2022’s Mom’”

So one day as my mom was pulling in to the school, another car was parking in her spot. My mom kept her cool and found a parking space much farther out, then ran over to stop the driver before she went into the school so that my mom could get her spot back. On this specific day my mom had a lot of supplies to carry in to help in some school event. 

This is paraphrase from what I kinda remember and from what I’ve been told: 

M: excuse me Ma’m but this is my spot.

EM: Oh. Ok. 

Then she kept walking into the school

M: uh, can you please move your vehicle so I can park here.

EM: how do I know this is even your spot?

M: because my name is on the sign right in front of your car. Please Ma’m I purchased this spot, just move your vehicle

EM: No! I got here first and I need the spot more!

M: You barely got here before me and even if you needed the spot more, I payed for it.

EM: But I need this spot to walk in my kid. I need to get to work.

M: Ok so just walk your child in and then please move.

So my mom ran back to our car to wait for the EM to leave. We came early anyway so we could wait since school wasn’t starting for a few minutes. 

Ten minutes passed so my mom just sent my siblings and I in and then she went back to the EM. 

M: Ma’m please move

EM: why should I have to move?

M: because this is my spot and I thought you had to go to work

EM: I shouldn’t have to move for rich pricks like you just because you bought this spot!

M: This spot didn’t even cost that much! I only have it because I help the school often and I need a place to carry things in.

EM: Bull shit! I’m staying here as long as I like!

So my mom goes to retrieve the principal to help with the situation

P: Ma’m you have to move. This isn’t your parking spot.

EM: I don’t have to do anything! I have the right to park here.

P: Ma’m not only is this Mathman2021 Mom’s spot so she should have it anyway, she also needs it to carry in supplies for the event she organized and supplied today for the school!

M: please Ma’m

EM: No. I’m not moving for you fuckers!

P: Ma’m this is an elementary school please try to be calm.

Eventually the entitled mom sped off after being very late for work and my mom took her spot to unload supplies.

My mom made sure to come early for a while and almost every day that entitled mom would show up and pull up to my moms spot only to find her there then she would dangerously speed down the parking lot to find a more distant spot.

There were a few other people who stole her spot on accident but they all apologized and moved for my mom.

Edit: This actually took place during the year before Kindergarden, also referred to as PK-4

Edit 2: Thank you for the gold kind stranger!/nAnyone want a 100% real /entitledparents stories? I have a doozy of one for you. I'm a US Navy veteran, and my MOS was Corpsman. For background: a Corpsman usually serve as medical building/hospital or sick bay support staff depending on if assigned to a base or a ship. A few of us get called up to serve as Field Medics for Marines. TL;DR: I was one of these, and had served in Afghanistan and Iraq attached to various Ricky Recon units. Despite the best efforts to ensure our safety, I had lost my lower right leg during a training exercise accident in 2010. This happened after my recovery and medical discharge was completed and I was on a Greyhound on my way back home.

Characters:

Me: A salty ex-sailor who's mentors/senior NCOs had mouths that would make the devil blush. (I will self sensor/use acronyms)

EM: Entitled B of a mom, about age 24

EK 1: Little a-hole son about age 7

EK 2: Little a-hole daughter about age 5

PGF: Peeved Grandfather

So, on my way home, leaving from the Grayhound station back home at 12am July 1, 2010. I'm wearing my combat boots, jean shorts (Try being in South in long pants in the dead of summer.) despite the fact that the area around my brand new prosthetic's pin was still very sore, my old unit shirt, my dogtags visible, and my Marines desert BDU hat. I first see her when boarding the bus first, and she's giving me the stink eye. (Greyhound was so nice to help me, as I was still using a crutch to help balance.) I take a seat in the back of the bus and the staff tells me to stretch out if I wanted to. There were going to be the entitled mom's family and one other couple so there'd be plenty of room.

When I see her boarding, I can hear EM declaring as loudly as she could that her dad would only be a moment, and that he was a veteran that got messed up by agent orange in Vietnam and it takes him a little long in the restroom. (Earlier, I had talked to the guy in the smoking area. He was a vet, and we had compared tattoos and talked about how he, his unwed daughter,  and 2 brats were going to the same city I was to visit his sister for the 4th.) I, wanting to help a fellow vet, decided to speak up and confirm it was true. Mistake #1. When she sees me there, in the three seater back row (and next to the travel toilet), she storms up and demands that I give the seat up to her and her little fubar kids since her father was a disabled veteran. I point back to the rest of the empty bus and smile. "Ma'am, I am a newly discharged, disable..."

That was as far as I got. The bitch rudely interrupts me. "Bullshit. You're just some cripple. The service doesn't let cripples in. Take off all of that shit and quit pretending." At that point, I pull out my DD-214 and point to where it said that I lost my lower leg in a training accident. As the bus driver reaches us to pull her aside to tell her to get off the bus, I motion for his attention and ask that she just get stuck up front  with her kids because, you know, look out for the old man. Mistake #2.

After he's boarded, he's told what happened and cusses her out before going back to apologize to me before offering me a swig from his little flask. Eventually, I fall asleep. As the sun's starting to rise, I wake up to a pain that felt like someone had hooked the prosthetic's pin to a car and was speeding off. I jerk myself awake and there's EK 1&2, both pulling on it to try to get it off me. I pop up, screaming "Get these little Mayonaise Stains (Anyone over the age of 13 can guess the real word) the flip (yeah, the other word) off my leg." PGF's meds are making it slow to wake up he told me, but EM was on her feet. "How dare you scream at my perfect little angels?" she screamed at me. At this, the Bus Driver was pulling over while I was trying to get their hands off my leg. "Get your flipping (Yeah, that word again) hands off of them!"

Me: "Then be a flipping (yeah, again same word... but 4x in the sentence) parent and flipping make them get their grubby little mitts off my flipping leg before I flipping throw you all off this bus!

EM: "You shut the flip up you lousy lying cripple! Let them play with it. They're curious. Besides you're just a lousy fake-vet crippl..."

At this point, she's shut up by PGF, who's removed his belt while coming up the aisle, starting to take the belt to her ass. He literally pulls her over his knee and starts spanking her "You little shots (3 guesses, first two don't count as to the real word) will be next if you don't leave his leg alone." They make a b-line to the front of the bus at that point. When the cops get there, he even filled out a witness statement as to what she had pulled and helped me get her arrested. The rest of the trip, the EKs behaved, and PGF made it up to me with a lot more drinks the rest of the way. No clue what happened to the mom, but I heard the state of Maryland picked up the charges against her.

And there's my story./nThere's two things I'd like to state for proper context before getting into this:

1. I moved into a better apartment at the start of the month and finally have access to a nice porch I can enjoy.

2. I work overnights and have been on for the last six nights.

So I got home this morning around seven thirty and decide I want to enjoy some porch time before it gets too hot out. I put some ice, vodka, and seltzer water in my little cooler to bring out to the front porch. I set up my laptop, mix a drink, and plug in my head phones to relax after work. I'm having a drink, smoking a cheap cigar, and playing Fallout 76 on the front porch just trying to enjoy my day off. 

A little after eight a mom and her kids across the street come out to their front yard. The kids are playing and mom is watching them from her own porch. I give the mom a polite neighborly nod and she shoots me a dirty look. I brush it off since I'm used to such things from work and go about my relaxing morning.

That's when it seems I really fucked up. I finished my second drink and mixed a third right at the porch table. 

It was at that moment I seemingly enraged the mom across the street. She marched right over and began yelling at me.

"What are you, some kind of alcoholic? It's bad enough your smoking in front of my kids, but this is absolutely disgusting! My kids don't need to see you getting drunk in front of them! This is a good neighborhood with good hard working people living in it! We don't need alcoholic trash like you living here!"

So I put on my best customer service face and try to explain myself. 

I tell her I work nights so the morning is my evening.

I tell her I don't plan on getting drunk, I'm just relaxing after work.

I tell her I'm on my own porch and I'm not bothering anyone.

I tell her I'm sorry, but her kids aren't my responsibility.

I promise her I won't be getting loud or rowdy and plan on going to bed in a couple hours.

None of that matter and she launches into a rerun of her earlier diatribe, just longer with more insults. Meanwhile her kids have stopped playing to stare at Mommy losing her shit.

I try to placate her again and now she gets louder. At this point I'm just done. Between working the last six nights and feeling really tired I let loose. So I repeat my earlier points peppered with several swear words finishing off with "Fuck off and get off my porch!" because I'm just so burned out at this point.

She seems to realize I won't kowtow to her shit and goes back across the street to her own porch while the kids go back to playing. She continues throwing me dirty looks and typing away at her phone. I'm sure that I'll be subject of all her mom group rants today and I'm just fine with that./n(Sorry guys. It got taken down the first time I posted it. So here ya go.)

(Quick little side note to the people saying I’m in the wrong for “ignoring her opinion”. One. We’ve been in a scarily similar situation where I decided we weren’t going to be friends after my dad remarried a woman I hated and I didn’t want anyone around, and she flat out refused. We’ve always been that way, and that’s just how it is. Two. I’ve talked to her friends since then, but not her specifically. She didn’t realize until after that I was going for your guys “fake date” plan, and she’s been beating herself up badly for it. So I appreciate your guys concern but Jesus people I’ve been friends with her for a decade and this is how we’ve always been, so put on your big kid pants and grow up. As for the rest of you, hope you enjoyed the story!)

So guys. It happened. We talked everything over the past few days, and a lot has happened. I guess it’s time to fill you in on how I lost F as a friend, probably forever. 

It was yesterday when stuff got well...difficult. She texted me saying she couldn’t do it anymore, and she wanted to take a break from being friends for a while. How do I respond to that? This is my best friend. I couldn’t live without them in my life. I wasn’t about to give her up without a fight. 

Message from F: Hey, so this has to be said. I don’t think I can do this anymore. I know we’re good friends but I don’t think we can stay that way if things don’t change. Let’s just take some time off. A few months, years, and figure things out in the future when we can make our own plan. 

Message from me: No. 

Message from F: Wdym no??

Message from me: I mean no. 

Message from F: Look, I’m sorry but we can’t. I’m just done. For good this time. She’s not going to stop and I can’t take this crap anymore. 

For some backstory if you haven’t read my previous posts, EM is F’s mom, and has been trying to get us to date for years now. Just because she thinks her daughter “deserves me” as a boyfriend. Well that wasn’t gonna happen anytime soon. 

Message from me: Can we talk about this? I’ll order pizza and I’ll be there in like an hour? 

Message from F: No. We can’t keep talking things out and prolonging the inevitable. We need to stop OP. Now. 

Well that hurt. That really fucking hurt. I closed my phone and sat down for a few hours. I just thought. And thought. And thought. We’d been through hell and back together. Her mom trying to change my sexuality, her dad accusing me of “rape”, her grandma calling me a Satan spawn. I’m only naming the things you guys even know about. The list is endless. So finally, after about three hours of just thinking, I come up with an idea. I have absolutely one shot at saving my relationship with my best friend, and I’m going to put everything on the line if I want it to work. 

I text ED first. Fucking crazy idea but I need it to work. I absolutely need it to. I tell him to get EM to unblock me. He refuses, but after a lot of badgering finally gives in. Good. Part 1 of my plan is going smooth. I text EM, something I never thought I’d ever have to do. I tell her everything that’s going on. She replies simply with “It sounds like you dug yourself a pretty deep hole”. I’m pissed at this point but I have to play her game. I agree. I tell her that everything I did was a mistake and that I should have dated her daughter right away. Not my best idea, but it might just work. She seems excited. But she also seems skeptical. Apparently she’s come up with the idea hundreds of you have of “faking the date”. After a long, temporarily heated conversation she agrees to let me come over and talk to F. Part two, completed. 
Now I had no intention of dating F. Not a single one in hell. But your guys plans might just be the best ideas I’ve ever heard, so I decided to try it. It was kinda a last ditch effort. I pack up a ton of shit and go to her house. This is where stuff gets tricky. 
Her mom greets me right away. Good start, she’s talking to me like a human. ED doesn’t look happy to see me, but also doesn’t look upset. It’s the most human I’ve seen them act in a while. I go to F’s room, and knock. 

F: Who is it?

Me: It’s OP. I come baring gifts. 

F: Why are you here? Didn’t you listen to me? 

Me: Yeah. I just didn’t wanna so I came here. 

She opened the door. She looked upset as hell, and I instantly felt really bad. 

Me: You ok?

F: Oh yeah, just fucking dandy. 

I laughed a little. Ok guys, it’s 2019 and she used the word dandy. She shot me a look and I shut up right away. 

Me: Soooooo can I come in?

She moved to the side and let me walk in. I immediately opened the bag I’d packed and dumped it all over her floor. 

F: What the fuck dude?!

Me: Shhhhh. Sit down. 

She looked pissed now. Oh god was I gonna die? NO. I wasn’t gonna back down from this. I started sorting through the stuff all over her floor. Pictures, pieces of paper, little trinkets. All kinds of stuff we’d gotten together. It looked like a mess to anyone else, but this was my god damn soul. I prayed to god she’d see it the same. 
As she sorted through the pile, I could see her eyes light up at certain things. A rock she’d gotten me from her trip to the Bahamas. A picture we’d taken together in Pennsylvania and gotten framed. A note she wrote me when I got sent to the hospital again, she stopped to read the entire thing and teared up. I was getting to her. I didn’t care if things escalated. Or stayed as they were now. I just wanted my god damn best friend back. As she’s reading another letter, the door opens. In walks my worst nightmare. EM. 

EM: So how are the little lovebirds?

Me: Great! (At the exact same time F said “we’re not in love mom”. So maybe I hadn’t explained the plan yet. I wanted to at least stop her from leaving completely first)

EM: You can stop. OP told me he was gonna ask you out. And he’d have left by now if you said no. 

Okokok. I never said that. But F looked really confused. 

F: *turns to me* you were gonna ask me out?

Me: Not exactly...

EM: What does that mean? Why not?

Me: I was gonna wait a while. 

EM: You don’t get to wait. My daughter has waited months for you to make up your damn mind and admit you want her. Ask her now. 

Me: I can’t. 

EM: Why not?

Me: That wasn’t the idea here. 

EM looked pissed. I was at a loss of things to say. There was absolutely no saving this situation. 

EM: So you weren’t here to date my daughter? Then why did you even come?!

Me: To be with my best friend. 

F: It’s ok mom. 

EM: It’s not. My daughter doesn’t deserve to get treated like crap by some street thug just because he thinks he can abuse any girl mentally he wants. 

I was shocked. She’d been abusing F for years basically. What could I do here? There had to be some sort of plan I could pull together. Come the fuck on I was about to lose everything. I’d never been more panicked in my life. 

Me: Fine. I’m sorry. 

EM: Good. Now do your damn job and ask my daughter out. 

Psycho bitch. But I was willing to try anything. I turn to F. 

Me: I know this is sudden, and definitely not the situation you wanted to be in right now. But will you consider going out with me?

The world froze. I was terrified but also curious myself. What was going to happen next? Where would we end up from here? That question was really...really short lived. I wish I could give you guys a fairy tail ending and say she said yes and we kissed and fireworks went off. But I’d be lying if I did. 

F: No. No I won’t. And I think it’s time for you to go. 

I was...shocked. What? She said no. But she asked me to leave too?! What was going on. My mind was racing. Did she have an idea? Was she going to singlehandedly stop her mom and save our friendship? The answer was no again. 

Me: What?

F: Go. Clearly EM (using her first name) isn’t going to stop unless she gets what she wants. And I’m not giving that to bet. So leave. She can’t have what she wants if we never talk again. And I’m done giving her what she wants. 

F hands me my bag. I just look confused. At this point I have no idea what’s going on. Was I just...stranded? Was this really for the best? I snap back into reality, and open the door. EM isn’t yelling as far as I can tell. But I couldn’t really pay any attention to what was going on around me. I was completely struck by the thought of not having F around for the rest of my life. I manage to get back home in one piece, but I almost got hit by a car like twice on my way there. 
When I got home the first thing I did was text F. Message not delivered. Again. Again. Nothing. She blocked my number. Fuck. This is really what was going to happen from now on. I had lost my best friend. Over an issue her mom just wouldn’t let go. 
At least I can assure you guys I didn’t sleep that night. I was looking through my bag and realized a lot of the stuff was still at her house. Including my favorite picture of us together. It was the one time we’d both been dressed formally for a wedding. She was in a dress that looked amazing on her, and I was in a matching suit and tie. That picture had been framed in my room but at the last second I threw it into my bag. I was hoping it would convince her to stop this nonsense. 
Without that picture guys. Without my best friend. I don’t have much going for me anymore I guess. I won’t stop writing. I have a ton more stories about my parents and other aspects of my life to tell you guys. Hell. I’ve thought about just making one huge post and explaining the ENTIRE backstory before what happened with me and F and us meeting. The hospital, my mom, my dad, theres so much she helped me through that you guys don’t even know about. But to be honest. None of that seems important anymore. Not one part of it. 
I hope you guys know how much it means to have all of you offering me advice, and asking to help. Some of you even just have conversations with me and it feels great knowing that in some way or form, I’m appreciated. Thank all of you so much. I’ll keep you filled in on this situation. But for a while the stories are going to be different. As for what I’ll do from here. I don’t know. I think I’m gonna put more time into writing. Not for Reddit, but my writing. I do a lot of poetry and other stuff, since it helps clear my head. I think I’ll make that my main focus for a while. 

That’s the end of this one guys. I don’t think I can keep talking about this without actually crying my eyes out. I’ll talk to you all soon hopefully. Have a great day, and I hope you all enjoy the story. Wish me luck from here on I guess.../nAlright, it‘s been a while since my first post on here and I decided to share another story. Sadly, this one also features homophobia. 

This one happened last summer, when I was 16 and my boyfriend ( R ) was 19. (to all the people that are going to write some shitty comment about my boyfriend being a pedo, age of consent is 16 in germany and I‘ve known R since I was 4, we met in a karate course and later even did our final black belt exam together.) I‘m 17 now and make a living off of independent programming, meaning I write programs mostly regarding server security and distribute them on my own

Sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes as english isn‘t my first language, so lets get into it! 



Alright, so me and R had been together for a few months and we decided that, as he slept over the previous day we‘d go out for brunch that day. So we got on the bus and sat next to each other. Something else I have to say is that I live 2 stations from the main trainstation of my city, means whenever you pass that station there‘s a shit ton of people getting on the bus. Same thing that day, we pass the train station and the bus is packed, this is when ED and his son get on the bus. The ED asks me to move so his son (about 5-7 years old) could have a seat, I happily moved and sat on R‘s lap and the kid sat down because, you know, no problem right? Wrong. (It‘s been over half a year so I‘m not 100% sure what exactly ED, Me and R said but it‘s basically this.)

ED : „what are you doing?“ in a somewhat confused and irritated tone. Me : „oh, that‘s fine he‘s my boyfriend.“ ED: „but you‘re a guy though aren‘t you“ 
Me : „Isn‘t that obvious?“ 
ED : „stand the fuck up!“

Felt like half the bus turned around when he said that, at this point R basically took over

R : „excuse me?“
ED: „I said stand the fuck up! I don‘t want my son sitting next to two fa*got‘s!“ 

At this point not only I was both shocked and pissed off but also R was. Normally R is basically the personification of Buddhism but he got kicked out and disowned after he came out to his parents so he‘s rather sensitive when it comes to homophobia.

R, literally talking through his teeth : „sweetie would you stand up real quick“
Me : „babe calm down, fuck that guy.“ 
ED : „what the fuck did you just say to me?!!“
Me : „you fucking heard me“

ED then proceeded to trying to grab me, I‘m 5‘9“ and rather small/feminine looking so I‘m not exactly fearsome, R on the other hand is 6‘4“. At this point R was in full rage mode, shoved me to the side to 1. keep the ED from grabbing me and 2. stand up. 

R, with what I can only describe as pure hate in his voice : „If you try to touch him one more time, I will break each and every single one of your fingers and beat you out of this fucking bus in front of your son.“

I think I‘ve never seen a face go from angry to completely scared and horrified faster than ED‘s, needless to say he got out at the next stop.


EDIT:
 Holy shit, 3.7k upvotes and platinum within less than a day, thank you guys so much! :D Same as in my last post, I tried and respond to as many of the comments as I could but I saw many many comments telling me to press charges so I wanted to adress that here.

sadly the ED ran out of the bus at the next stop before we could get any information about his identity, so that makes pressing charges a bit difficult. Also R made a pretty serious threat in the heat of the argument and I don‘t know if calling the cops would‘ve been the best idea after that.

I saw a lot of people talking about their experiences with homophobia, asking questions about how to go about it or simply asking for help. I wanted to recommend a few subs for those of you who have questions, are unsure about your sexuality or don‘t know what to do, r/gay and r/gaybros are great, they help a lot of people and always have an open ear. r/LGBTeens is a great sub too. If you want to ask me a question, need advice or just someone to talk to, my dm‘s are always open too.
/nIn my previous r/entitledparents post, I talked about Damien and his mom, Karen. Damien has thrown my jar of change ($200+ of quarters and pennies) at my Cintiq monitor, and broke it. He and Karen quickly fled the situation and blocked us after we called.

After telling Karen that we would take this to court, she said, very rudely, “100 bucks, that’s all I’m paying dipshits, it’s just a monitor!” The price of the Cintiq that I got was over $2000, and I spent 2+ years and some of my parents money to buy that. 

Karen lives down the road, in a huge house, and Damien could possibly pay for that in less than a month.

We took this to court (the previous story took place 3+ weeks ago) and she kept on arguing that I and my father threatened Damien and we threw the coin jar at Damien, ricocheting and hitting the monitor.

This was automatically falsified when Damien said that he threw it because we told him to get out of the room.

(This is all paraphrased as I wasn’t present for too long, and I didn’t really care for the legal stuff)

Karen then made the court make another session.

The next session took less than a few hours to finish, as the judge just made Karen pay back the cost of the monitor, as well as some extra for time or something. 

I got my money back, and I’m currently finding a second monitor or something else, as I already replaced the monitor.

Karen then punished Damien, and the next day, he had been covered in bruises. I feel bad for the  kid, he has been grown up with a mad mother and a neglectful father. I told the other students, and Damien’s life should improve from here on out.

Yes, the kid is a piece of shit for breaking my monitor, but his life isn’t that great. Karen is the real enemy here, forgetting about Damien, not paying back, and not apologizing, and definitely not helping Damien.

Karen got off easy. Also since my previous Reddit post blew up, a lot of my school knows about this, and I think that Karen might find out. I hope not tho.

Edit: I’ve told my parents to call CPS (or at least my country’s equivalent) as well as the school. Idk what has happened yet tho

Edit 2: I've posted the update. I called CPS./nCast: EM: entitled mom, EK: Entitled kid, me: hostess with the mostess, CFM: Cool Family Mom

All the disclosure: on mobile, lurker, first post, long story, my grammar is bad.  TL;DR at end. 

I am not comfortable with confrontation, I'm a "kill 'em kindness" kinda person or "I treat them so nice, they feel guilty and apologize". All thanks to my southern bell of a mom who taught me her ways.  

I was 6th or 7th in line with 4 items in my basket at the self checkout line. The grocery store was packed and there only two lanes open besides the self checkout area.  The self checkout area has 4 registers and everyone goes through at a steady pace. CF is behind me, a mom and two well behaved kids (6 and 8). CF Mom and I are chatting, cause I get bored and don't meet a stranger. We are talking about schools starting for the kids, CF kids tell me about their favorite subjects, etc. Generally just chill waiting for our turn. I'm next in line and EM and EK (who is wearing a backpack) push by me to try and get the next open register. 

Me:" Excuse me, I wasn't sure if you noticed, but this is where the line starts."

EM:  "I only have a few things, it won't take long."
Meanwhile EK is just running register to register looking through other customers bags and pulling items off the displays. 

EM had about 10 things in her cart. 

CFM: *flags the employee who helps at self checkout* "EM just jumped the line, mind showing her where the end of it is?" 

EM starts yelling at the employee,"I only have a few things, it's getting late and my daughter is tired.." blah, blah, blah.

I see a register has opened up and the one next to it is about to. I signal CF to go ahead and I grab the next one that opens 30 sec later. 

EM: "Did you see that? She just let CF cut! If they get to, I do."

Meanwhile, EK walks over and starts shifting through my scanned groceries. She pulls out the one thing I had been looking forward to all week, my special dark chocolate bar. 

Me: "Is that yours?" 

EK: "No, but mommy will buy it for me."

Me: " well that one is mine, but the candy bars are three rows that way, ask your mom to get you one." 

EK walks away with my candy bar to EM. 

Employee and EM are still arguing while EK is yelling at her mom to pay attention to her. 

CF has finished her scans and gives me the "you need backup look." I smiled and waved her off.  While I am nice, I am not a pushover. 

Me to Employee, EM, and EK when EM takes a big breath in her rant: "Excuse me, EK has my candy bar and I would like it back. You can get her one just over there on..."

EM: "no that's hers, we already got her one."

Me: "she took it out of my bag of scanned groceries, may I please have it back so I can pay and leave." 

EM: "HOW DARE YOU accuse my daughter of stealing!” 

At this point other people in line are coming to my defense and just plain tired of waiting on EM. 

The employee looks frazzled from the yelling and the manager comes up to see what is going on. 

EM: "finally a manager", she tries to reply her tale of sorrow and woe, but manager won't have it. 

Manager: "Actually I am going to need you to and your daughter to come with me. We have several complaints and video footage of EK taking items from customer's bags." 

EM: " What? My baby wouldn't do that!" 

The manager asks for the EKs backpack, EM initially refuses but hands it over to "prove EKs innocence." Manager pulls out several stolen items from EKs backpack.  

EM and EK get escorted to the office and I get to leave with a new candy bar that has not been smushed and melted in kid hands. CF waves at me in the parking lot. 

TL; DR: EM tries to cut in line while EK takes groceries from other peoples bags. EK gets caught and I get finally get my candy bar.

Edit: spelling
Edit 2: I am just checking almost 12 hours later, got busy working for the man. WOW Thanks everybody!!! I've never received an award before and I was given two gold's and a silver. Thanks for letting me vent and I'm glad everyone liked my story./nLast night was a farewell party for the assistant manager at my job. He has been with the company for almost 15 years, and it was second to last day (today is the day. ) He had all my respect from all the time he took to supervise me and answer all my questions. He was also easy going and knew how to balance between professionalism and social skills, creating lifelong regular customers. It was sad to see him go and we did have a good time, save for this EM dropping in like a bomb.

Cast:

Me: Guts

AM: Assistant Manager

SL: Sales lady

DH: Decent husband

EM: Entitled Medusa

EK: Entitled Kraken

Story:

As the party is being set up, AM was touched to see so many people coming to see him off. Employees of both our and other stores, the CEO himself, and even some of AM’s regulars were there. One of the regulars was DH, and not only he had a strong relation with AM, but with our whole company as well. So the party starts, and we got to the point where AM was giving his speech thanking everyone. We suddenly heard the front door burst opening. In comes EM with EK in tow, loudly announcing her late arrival. DH tells her to quiet down. AM continues and finishes off the speech, and some of the employees began setting up the makeshift buffet. I saw DH pulling EM and EK aside. I couldn’t hear everything, but from what I can gather EM was supposed to be at home with EK, but EM thought she could "drop in as DH’s guest". She also claimed that "it was free food, and EK was being really cranky about hunger." SL (who practically prepared everything) was very specific on not bringing extra guest, and she was livid. DH apologized, and told SL he’ll try to get EM out of here ASAP. The food gets ready and everyone gets in line. It just so happens that EM and EK were right behind me, and DH standing after them. The food were mostly barbeque foods; burgers, hot dogs, grilled chicken, veggie sides, etc. I was grabbing stuff I want, when EM started to complain.

EM: So there are no vegan foods? At all?

DH: There are salads and chips?

EM: So others get grilled foods and I have to settle with salads?! I want something vegan grilled!

SL (one of the two people on the grill): Oh sorry. I guess I didn’t count for everyone.

EM: Well you should be. Since we are the guests you should’ve thought of what we preferred

DH: EM, cut it out

EM: No. They were idiots who should’ve thought of everything.

EK: (pulling on EM’s shirt) Mommy, I want some candies

SL: OH sorry there little one. We don’t have any candies. We have meat

EK: But I want some candies

EM: No sweetie. There are delicious foods here. You need to learn to eat what’s in front of you.

Me: And you need to learn to practice what you preach, instead of complaining.

EM: (Turns to face me) Who are you?

Me: Bruce Lee. Now stop talking and get your food.

EM: Are you even an employee here? This is a private party

Me: Actually, I have been with the company for almost two years.

EM: You don’t belong here.

Me: How do you know and why are you here then? You don’t even know who the party is for.

EM: IDGAF who the party is for. It shouldn’t even matter, because all parties should be about guests! About Me and EK!

DH: EM, that’s enough!

EM: No, not until this asshole is fired!

SL: Just take your food already and go!

&#x200B;

EM looks at both me and SL with eyes of fury, but compiles and takes her food and EK’s and goes to somewhere as far away from me. DH and SL meanwhile are grabbing a drink to calm down, and I do the same. SL is visibly pissed but trying to keep her composure. AM is also trying to enjoy his time at the party. So I am playing FFVI on my phone (Terrible sprite, btw), when I see EK and EM standing next to me.

Me: Oh hello. Can I help you?

EK: I’m bored, and there are no games here. I want to play fortnite on your phone

Me: No sorry, this phone is incapable of playing fortnite (Lies. Just didn’t want EK to touch it)

EK: BUT I WANT TO PLLLAAAAAYYYY\~

Me: No sorry. Please let me eat in peace.

EM: How dare you upset my child? You will hand over your phone right now!

Me: And why should I?

EM: Because if you are an employee, you should listen to what the customer says. The customer is always right

Me: We are past hour of operation. Everyone is off the clock. There are no employees here, so I don’t have to listen to you. What gives you the right to take away my phone? I bought it with my own money

EM: Shut up and give me your phone.

Me: (Putting away in my pocket) No.

EM glares at me, grabs the plate that still had some food and threw them at me. It wasn’t really a hard throw, but it landed on my shirt, ruining it.

Me: WHAT THE FUCK is your problem?

EM: That’s what you get for not listening to your guest!

This is where SL steps in

SL: You know what? I had enough. This party was held in honor of AM for his career with our company. You come in uninvited and not only you bitch about FREE FOOD, but you also harass one of my employees. GTFO right now before we move you by force.

EM was about to protest, when DH comes over to drag them out of the store. Both SL and AM were pissed off, but soon calmed down and joined in small talks and conversation. This morning, DH came in and apologized to AM for EM’s behavior, and talked about how their relationship has gone astray and his plans to divorce EM while taking custody of EK./nSo I’ve posted a couple of my entitled parent experiences to test the waters, but this...this is what it has all been leading up to. This is going to be a long one so hang on. TLDR at the end.

This story is not about me. This story is about my best friend and his son. During this situation he confided in me and told me all that was going on. I have consent from the people in the story to post this. 

Cast (changing names for obvious reasons):

Peter: my best friend and father of Madden
Kaylee: Mother if Madden             
Madden: son of Kaylee and Peter.     
Oma: Kaylee’s Mom, Madden’s Grandma 
Opa: Kaylee’s Dad, Madden’s Grandpa

Backstory time!

Peter was 14 years old when his math tutor Kaylee (18 y/o) seduced him and they slept together. Kaylee found out she was pregnant with their son; Madden. They decided to go to their parents together and tell them that they had been sleeping together. Peter’s parents were extremely upset about their relationship and decided to press charges against Kaylee for statutory rape. Kaylee was convicted and sentenced to two years in jail and had to sign away her parental rights to her unborn child.

Kaylee signed her rights over to Peter’s parents with the condition that Peter get custody when he turns 18 as long as he is capable. (Peter has been expressing extreme interest in being a father.) Over the next four years Peter stayed in school, out of trouble, and got into a really good college. He was given partial custody of his son (Maddon) so he could focus on getting his degree and getting a good job to support his son. 

Peter ended up dropping out of college and getting a well paid IT job and gaining full custody of Madden with no problems. This upset Oma (Kaylee’s mom) who didn’t think that Peter deserved to be a father because he didn’t drop everything in his life to raise him. She thought that since the first 5 years of Madden’s life was spent with his grandparents that Peter got off easy.

Believe it or not this is where this story starts: 

Fast forward to about a year ago. Peter is 22 and Madden is 8. Peter has had full custody of Madden for about two and a half years and they had moved out our Peter’s childhood home to an apartment. 

Now it’s important to note that Opa and Oma saw Madden all the time, they visited often and regularly had lunch all together on the weekends. They were by no means kept for their grandchild and, despite not having custody, were very much involved in his life. 

This was not enough for Oma though. She decided that after eight years of this routine she deserved more. She started coming over to Peter’s apartment unannounced and using her emergency key to let herself in. She would often come by when Peter was out working and send the babysitter home. This obviously would make Peter upset but he knew (or at least thought) that her intentions were good and that she just wanted to spend time with her grandson. 

Things didn’t start to get suspicious until Oma started asking to have Madden on school nights with promises to pick him up after school and drop him off in the morning. After weeks of pestering Peter finally gave in since he didn’t see a reason why it would be too much of a problem and told her that she could have him for a school night as long as his normal bedtime was in place. Oma agreed and Madden packed an overnight bag along with his book bag for school. 

The real trouble started when Peter was waiting at the bus stop for Madden to come home the next day. He stood waiting with the other parents and when the bus finally came, no Madden. He asked the bus driver and he looked up and down the aisle but he just wasn’t on the bus. Peter called the school and his heart sank. Madden hadn’t been at school that day. Peter immediately called Oma and she responded with a simple.

Oma: Oh we decided to take him on a road trip since it’s a Friday and all. We can have him for the next couple nights right?

Peter: No! You promised you would take him to school and you didn’t. I certainly don’t want him spending two more nights with you if I can’t trust you to do something as simple as drive him to school.

Oma: Well, you should have called the school this morning if you were so worried about it.

Peter: No, you should have taken him to school like you said you would. Where are you anyway?

Oma: We’re in (insert city name that’s about a six hour drive away) 

Peter: Are you kidding me?! Bring my son back home now.

Oma: But we’re having so much fun!

Peter: I don’t care. Bring him home or I will get the police involved, this is kidnapping you know?

Oma: *she signed heavily* Fine. *Now talking to Madden* Sorry sweetie, Daddy doesn’t want you to go to the amusement park, he’s no fun isn’t he?

Peter: Excuse me? I- *before he could finish Oma had hung up the phone.* 

Peter waited and waited and waited. There was no sign of Oma or of his son. He paced the floor for hours and called dozens of times. After hours of waiting he called the police and reported Madden kidnapped. 

The police stopped by and Peter told them everything. They told him that they would send word to the cities and counties along the route home. Finally after another two hours of waiting Madden and Oma busted in the door. 

Peter: Where have you been?!

Oma: Oh calm down. We decided to see some sights on the way home.

Peter: Calm down?! You took my son six hours away without telling me and then didn’t answer your phone. It’s almost three in the morning! *He told Maddon to go get ready for bed, assuring him that he wasn’t upset with him. Madden did what he was told.* 

Oma: What’s your problem? He’s my grandson. My flesh and blood. Kaylee would never do his to me. She would let me take him for the weekend. *this was a common thing for her, talking about how much better of a parent her daughter would be than Peter*

Peter: We are not talking about Kaylee, we are talking about you taking me son and leaving the city without telling me. That’s not ok.

This argument went on for a few minutes before Peter kicked her out and called the police back to let them know that Madden was home and that Oma was heading back to her house where a police car was waiting for her.

Oma and Opa were arrested for kidnapping, they gave their statements to the cops and it came out that Opa had no idea they didn’t have permission. He stated that Oma had told him they were taking him for the weekend and the Peter said it was ok. Oma on the other hand gave the most arrogant, idiotic statement/confession possible.

Oma: If Peter were a better father he would have called the school in the morning to make sure Madden got there. He was just asking for his son to be kidnapped at that point. But hey, he’s a guy. We all know that the Mother is the better parent in almost every situation. It’s such a shame that we didn’t get to take him to meet his mom. He would have been so much happier. And besides it’s not like I have anything in my house that could hurt Madden. 

Witch What?

Opa was let go and was taken by some detectives. Opa gave them permission to search the house and computer because of his wife’s statement. They found and external hard drive in Oma’s things and plugged it into the computer.

On the hard drive was hundreds and hundreds of child pornography images and videos. Opa was appalled. The detectives took the new evidence to the cops and since the hard drive had Oma’s name on it and had several images with a watermark of her name (she had taken some of the images) they knew they had her. 

Oma was convicted of Kidnapping and over three hundred counts of possession and distribution of child pornography. She is currently serving a very long prison sentence. Opa’s divorce lawyer said that it was the fastest divorce he had ever been apart of.

It came out later that Oma had molested Kaylee when she was younger and told her that sexual relationships between adults and children were normal. She couldn’t be prosecuted for that because it had happened long ago but she was already being put on the sex offender register. 

Madden ended up meeting Kaylee and her new family (fiancé and two young daughters). Upon seeing his mother for the first time Madden burst into tears and proclaimed “I have the prettiest mommy ever!” 

They are now a big happy family and have been living happily ever since!

TDLR: Young couple gets pregnant, the mom goes to jail because she’s 18 and the boy was 14. the mom signs her rights to boys parents. Boy later gets custody even though the maternal grandma didn’t want him to. Maternal grandma takes the kid without permission and gets charged with kidnapping. After searching her house the cops find a bunch of child porn and she now the maternal grandma will most likely be in jail for the rest of her life.

Edit: for those asking, the reason I’m calling them Oma and Opa is because they decided that that’s what they wanted their grandkids to call them. They aren’t German or Dutch to the best of my knowledge./nSo this happened 6 months ago so yeah you know how it goes.(sorry for bad spelling, english isnt my primary language and also Hi from Argentina!)

&#x200B;

6 months ago my brother wanted to invite some of his friends over for his birthdays because i did the same for mine, and since im the cool bro I connected my pc to the tv so we could play. So his friends arrive and they are amazed by my pc, this isnt uncommon since im a pc enthusiast and my pc is a led powerhouse. Things go well, we played a lot of split screen games like Duck Games, Ultimate Chicken Horse,etc, but the games started to run out since most of the pc games dont have split screen capabilities. After getting bored of playing "The binding  of isaac" we decided to play "A hat in time" (for those who dont know, A hat in time is a platformer mario 64 style and its really cute...and i love it :D) and my bros friends really liked the game so we played it till the party ended.

2 or 3 days later i get a text message from a number i didnt recognise and the exchange went something like this:

&#x200B;

(me=me | em=entitled mother | Bob=My bro (made up name) | ek= entitled kid)

EM:- Hi! How are you doing?

Me:- Excuse me, who are you?

EM:-Im EK mother.

Me:- How did you get my number?

EM:- My son got it from your brother, anyways i want to ask you something.

Me:- Sure, what is it?

EM:- So my son really enjoyed that game that all of you played in bobs birthday and he asked me if i could get it for him.

Me:-Could you be more specific? we played a lot of games at the party so i dont know which game you are talking about.

EM:- My son says it had like a girl wearing a hat jumping around in space and then a cake map.

Me:-Oh you're talking about A hat in time,you can get it on any platform.

EM:- Yeah but you know im struggling financially and cant afford buying this kind of thing...

Me:- Where are you going with this?

EM:- Is it ok if my son uses your account to play the game? hes been doing really good in school and i want to reward him and he really likes this game and as i said we are financially struggling and cant buy him the game.

Me:- Sorry i cant do that, the game is really cheap tho and you could buy it on sale for even cheaper.

EM:- So you are not giving him your account?

Me:- No, i dont think steam rules let you do that actually.

EM:- Bullshit! You are just a greedy teen that cant think on anything other than games! Why are you even playing games you are too old to do that! I just wanted you to lend us your account so my child could play that silly game on his ps4 but you just needed to crush his dreams!

Me:- (Really confused) You cant use a steam account on a ps4, also if you are "financially struggling" how did you get the money to buy a ps4 and also we live in Argentina everyone is struggling.

EM:- DONT TELL ME HOW TO SPEND MY MONEY YOU LITTLE CUNT! AND ALSO DONT THINK I DONT SEE THROUGH YOUR LIES, YOU JUST DONT WANT TO SHARE YOUR GAMES!

Me:- I dont give you my account cause 1 i dont trust you, 2 its MY account and steam rules dont allow it and 3 you cant even use a steam account on ps4, its not that hard to comprehend.

EM:- YOU BETTER GIVE US YOUR ACCOUNT RIGHT NOW OR IM TELLING YOUR MOTHER  THAT YOU ARE HARASSING MY CHILD BY NOT LETTING HIM PLAY HIS GAME! YOU ARE TO OLD TO BE PLAYING VIDEOGAMES ANYWAYS SO YOUR MOTHER WILL GLADLY GIVE US THE ACCOUNT!

Me:- Do it, i dont care  ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯ .

EM:-YOU STUPID LITTLE CUNT WILL BE CRYING AFTER THIS, HOPE YOU SAID BYE TO YOUR GAMES CAUSE YOU ARENT PLAYING THEM ANYMORE!

&#x200B;

Literally 10 minutes later my mom enters my room confused and asks me whats going on with my brothers friend, I explained to her that this crazy woman wants me to give her my steam account because she doesnt wanna spend money buying his son a game. Then she tells me how that crazy nutbag told her that i "molested" her child in my brothers party and she demanded i gave her my games account in compensation for my "criminal acts". Unbelievable. After that, she kindly told the lady to fuck off and never text us again.

&#x200B;

Now my brother tells me how EK keeps asking him for my account password, i told him to just tell him to f\*ck off and he says he did multiple times but every time he does that little bitch starts bragging about how "You and your brother are just huge nerds anyways!" and then continues stalking my bro. I just cant believe some people.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Holy Moly i cant believe this post just exploded like this! Im really thankful with all of you and i hope you have a nice day! WE MADE IT TO THE FRONT PAGE BOES!!!!

EDIT EDIT: Fixed "language" there you happy now? xd/nI originally posted this into r/EntitledBitch and a commenter suggested I share it here, so I copied and pasted it for you guys (with the exception of changing "EB" to "EP" for clarity). Enjoy:  

This happened about four years ago. The EP is my older sister. Ever since her daughter was born, she's always treated everyone in the family like mandatory free babysitters, and while it's always been annoying in the past, this incident took the freaking cake.

So when this happened, I wanted to save up money to move to Europe. EP and my brother were living in the same house at the time, and we all thought it would be a good idea for me to stay with family and help with rent, all the while I could save up money to move abroad. At this time I had just started dating my now-fiancee, but back then we weren't serious. All the more reason I'm grateful I didn't go.

Anyway, sometime during our conversations I had mentioned that I wouldn't mind watching my niece from time to time while living there. I started looking for a job in the area I would be moving to, and casually mentioned to my sister that I was filling out open availability on the applications. This was when her real intentions came out.

She got into a huge argument with me about how I couldn't work nights or weekends because she needed me to babysit her kid. My experience is in customer service and retail, so basically, that's not an option for me. I asked her if she intended on paying me to babysit, and this how the conversation went:

EP: No, because you still need to help me with bills!

dumbfounded silence as I process what I just heard

Me: Wait . . . So you want me to pay to move out there, find a customer service job that will hire me with only daytime availability so I can watch your kid for free, AND fork over what little money I make to help with your bills?

EP: Yeah, so?

Me: Are you out of your fucking mind?

EP: She's your niece, you bitch!

Me: SHE'S YOUR DAUGHTER WHY DON'T YOU TRY SPENDING MORE TIME HER WITH INSTEAD OF PAWNING HER OFF TO OTHER PEOPLE EVERY NIGHT SO YOU CAN GO FUCK DUDES??

The rest of the conversation is a fuzzy, but needless to say, I'm glad I stayed where I am, where I am now engaged, and not living with a crazy EB who seems to think God put me on this Earth to serve her babysitting needs./nHey guys, good day. This happened when I was in kindergarten, so I don't really remember it accurately, and I'm posting it here because...well, I've got nothing better to do. 

One day, when it was my mom's turn to pick me up from kindergarten, she found me crying my eyes out. Initially, she assumed that it was due to something minor that happened in kindergarten or something, and tried to ask me what happened, but I didn't speak, only cried throughout the ride home. 

Finally, my parents understood that something was seriously wrong with me, since I was still crying non stop. They took me to the doctor who found a really bad bite wound at the back of my ear. It had broken the skin as was one step away from infection. The doctor gave something for the pain, and I dozed off. Firstly, my mom freaked out thinking far-fetched gruesome stuff, but the doctor calmed her down saying that the bite mark evidently belonged to a kid, not more than an year older than me. 

The next day, my mom accompanied me to the school office and told the whole story to the principal, and asked to check the security cameras. Since the bite was very severe, the parents of the kid who did it had to be told about it according to the school policy. According to the recording, a kid named EK Had walked up to me, we had a brief conversation and then he had just bit the back of my ear. Apparently, I was still not ready to tell anything to anyone. The video showed another kid NK who had witnessed the scene but hadn't told the teachers.

NK and EK were called to the office. When NK was asked why he didn't tell anyone about it, the following convo. (P:principal, Mon:My mom, me: guess who)

NK: I was afwaid EK will hit me again if I twell on him. 

P: So, EK Had done this to you before?

NK:*timidly* yes-

EK: No! He's a fwucking liar!

Everyone is shocked EK used such a word. What kind of language would his parents be using around him?!

P: EK, please don't say that word again. Now tell me why did you bite Me.

EK: I didnt bite Me! 

Mom: You know that's a lie, P. We saw the video.

P: Yes you're right. Since Me has had some severe bruising because of EK, we must call his parents.

The P dials EMs number and she arrives an hour later. She stormed into the principal's office and the following:

P: Hello, EM, please sit...

EM: STFU! THEY TOLD ME ON THE PHONE THAT SOME R*TARD FALSELY ACCUSED EK OF BITING HIM! AND OF SOME SNITCH. I DEMAND TO SEE THE PRINCIPAL

P: Please don't swear in front of the kids. We're going to have a talk about that someday. As for now, it wasn't any false accusation, because Me here has been bit by your...

EM:So it's one of you <Insert ethnic slur> want to get my son into trouble because he's smarter than you, yes? 

Mom: Don't talk to my son like that, idiot. And mind your language.

Before EM can say something, I start speaking

Me: Ek bit me because I didn't wanna give him my stars!

By what my mom tells me, kids at the kindergarten got star stickers in their notebooks for doing a good job at... whatever they do at kindergartens. 

EK: HE'S LYING

EM: *to EK* I know, dear. *To me* HE DOESN'T NEED YOUR STICKERS, YOU PROBABLY DON'T EVEN HAVE ANY.

Now, P is exasperated and shows EM the camera recording. Now, a sane person would expect her to reprimand her son, and apologize for being a bitch, but no! The only part of the footage she fixed into her brain was when I tried to push Ek off me when he'd tried to bite my ear.

EM: DID THAT BRAT REALLY PUSH MY ANGEL? HE WAS ONLY CURIOUS ABOUT HOW YOUR EARS LOOK LIKE, ALL KIDS HIS AGE ARE CURIOUS, YOU SHOULD'VE KNOWN.

*lady, I was a kid his age*

Mom: Shut up, for the last time. I don't want to swear at you here, so please don't escalate it. As you can see, your child clearly tried to bite his left ear, and hadn't my kid pushed him off, he'd have ripped it off. 

Now, EM makes the statement of the century. Read carefully, redditors, the Caesars and Alexanders who make such statements don't run around in your backyard everyday....

EM: YOU SHOULD'VE LET HIM THEN! YOUR SON DOESN'T NEED EARS. WHAT IS HE GOING TO DO WITH HIS LIFE ANYWAY.

Saying this, she lunges forward and grabs my hurting ear and pulls it with the strength of a million switch stealing Karens. I let out a deafening scream(Not like it'd matter to me, I was almost deafened by that time). My mom goes full mama bear mode and punches the EM off me and smacks her across the face with her 
My mom goes full mama bear mode and roasts EM to the earth

Mom: I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU, DISGRACE FOR A SNAKE'S MOTHER!(mom comes up with pretty colourful and non dirty insults when she wants to)NOW YOU DON'T NEED YOUR FAT UGLY BODY, AND SINCE YOU'RE NOT GOING TO DO ANYTHING WITH YOUR LIFE, I'M GONNA KILL YOU IF YOU DON'T MOVE YOUR ENTITLED MORONITY AWAY FROM MY SON!

What happened after that was quite a blur. I was taken off to the hospital while the police took away EM (my mom pressed charges but doesn't remember what happened to her). Recently, I've been reading through my own history and found out how fucking close was that woman to ripping my ears off. 

And if this bitch is reading this, I've done more with my life than you could ever do in jail, so get your entitled moronity out of my post now. 

TLDR: Kid almost bites my ears off. Instead of reprimanding the kid, the mom tries to finish the job. 

Thanks for reading guys, I'll read feedback if possible.

EDIT: My ear is healthy and intact, thank you. I had some scar when I was little but you cannot see it now./n**Edited to add: This all took place around 30 years ago. It's all long buried....along with the crazy aunt.**

If you watch television shows from the 70's and 80's you will notice odd things. People smoking at work, on planes, even in hospitals. Telephones have cords. At a police station there are no computers on the desks and everyone is smoking. Things have changed a LOT since then. That includes mental health standards and police procedures. Please keep that in mind. Caller ID had not been invented, there were no mass-market mobile phones and the ones that existed were for the filthy rich and had limited use due to technology. It typically took a week to get your photos back and there were no "selfies." Wearing a seat belt was optional, as were child safety seats. Car windows had to be manually rolled down. It was a different world. These events happened a long time ago. 

&#x200B;

Several people have asked about the fallout I mentioned in my post about my entitled crazy aunt: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bh5li7/ea\_claims\_adult\_child\_has\_to\_obey\_her\_because\_its/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bh5li7/ea_claims_adult_child_has_to_obey_her_because_its/)

TL/DR: Crazy Aunt tries to have me arrested for murder. "Victim" isn't dead.

I'm renaming Entitled Aunt to CA for Crazy Aunt, as per the request of so many who were getting confused by EA.....

If you don't want to read the original story: My crazy aunt steals the car belonging to her daughter and gets arrested for that and destroying her driver's license.

&#x200B;

Aunt posted a $500 (US) bond and had to appear in court the following week for the first hearing as her attorney was going to attempt to get it dismissed. Just to clarify, the attorney in question spoke only to my aunt and had only her version of the events. In spite of what you may see on television, that is generally how it works. Most attorneys don't investigate matters themselves and go off of what their client says and any official documentation provided by the opposition (in this case, the state.) Anyway, this is what happened starting the day after that arrest and leading up to that hearing.

&#x200B;

To say that Hell broke loose the next day is putting it mildly. Even though my cousin Emily had a ticket written by the officer from the night before stating that she had a valid license and to call it in if necessary, we opted to have me drive to the license branch to get a replacement. It only took a few minutes and we were on our way to the museum. We were both a little nervous because my aunt hadn't called or anything and with her silence was something to be worried about.

&#x200B;

We left the museum to get some lunch and my cousin went to the restroom while I waited at the kiosk. As I'm standing there a police officer approaches me. There are 3 others milling about.....looking very out of place in that area. You know, the fake "I'm supposed to be here and need to look fake busy" behavior. The officer asks me for identification and as I go to pull my license out for him I asked him what was going on and why he needed to see it.

Me: Sure officer, let me get it. What's going on?

PO: I have a report that you are an endangered runaway involved in the trafficking of narcotics.

I stopped cold and stared at the officer. He was NOT kidding. I started laughing. He was not amused. My cousin approached us.

Me: I don't suppose the name of the person who gave you the tip is Crazy Aunt?

PO: I can't give that information out.

Me (hands him my license) : As you can see, I'm over the age of being considered a runaway (I was 21.)  I'm also not involved with narcotics of any kind and if you need to discuss this further you can contact my attorney and please tell my crazy aunt I said to drop dead.

PO: I'm sorry for bothering you but we had to check.

Me: I get that. Maybe I WAS an endangered runaway and until you check you can't possibly know that. What you should know, however, is that your source was arrested last night for stealing a car and destroying government property.

PO: Well I'll check on that when I get back. Maybe we need to add another charge to her list. Have a nice day.

&#x200B;

Cousin and I get our food and head back to her place. When we arrive there are about 30 messages on her answering machine (For you young people, it was a primitive form of voicemail.) Several were from my brother. It seems that my aunt, delusional as ever, called him and told him I had been arrested for drug trafficking and was in really serious trouble. He was a little "concerned." I called him back and told him everything. Thankfully, he hadn't booked a flight to get to me so CA failed on that front. I told him our plans for the evening and he told me to be very cautious around my aunt. I told him not to worry, I'd be fine.

&#x200B;

The other messages were from crazy aunt to me. Demanding that I leave, explaining that I'm not allowed by law to visit that state without her permission or without being with a parent or legal guardian (The world was a strange place in her head) and she was going to have me arrested if I didn't leave. Naturally she blamed ME for her arrest the previous evening.

&#x200B;

Emily and I went out for dinner and to attend the concerts in the park series that was going on that week and I had the feeling I was being followed. I was trying to pinpoint where my crazy aunt was in the crowd when Emily said, softly, "straight ahead, 3 o'clock." Yup, there she was. Unlike everyone else who was facing the band, she was staring at us. Just staring. We decided to cut the evening short and went home. I like weird but that was sinister.

&#x200B;

About an hour later there was a banging on the door. It was the police. Again. We let them in. They had a "tip" that it was a drug house and asked if we minded them searching it. Of course we minded. We asked if they had a warrant and suddenly my crazy aunt appears.

&#x200B;

PO: Ma'am, you can't be here right now.

CA: My daughter lives here!

PO: I'm sorry, Ma'am, you still will have to wait outside.

Me: So, you gave them another false "tip?"

CA: No, I told you that you would be arrested and I was right. If you aren't hiding drugs then why do you care if there is a warrant, answer me that?

Me: Because privacy is important to us as citizens in a free country.

PO: Ma'am, no one is being arrested. We were following up on a tip and apparently you are the one that made the accusation.

CA: Arrest her, she isn't supposed to be here.

PO: Why not?

CA: Because she doesn't have my permission to be here. I've told her specifically that she is not allowed to visit my daughter without my permission.

PO: Do you own this property?

CA: No. My daughter lives here so it's my home too.

Emily: No, it's not your home. I invited ACCER here now please leave us alone.

CA: She doesn't have my permission to even be in this state!

PO: Your permission is not required to visit this state......or even this person. They are both adults.

Me: Officers, this woman has now made 2 false complaints against me, harassed me, and threatened me. Is there any chance you can arrest her, lose her paperwork for about 10 days? By then I'll be home.

CA: They can't do that. I have every right to keep you away. Besides, I have to be in court next week because of YOU!

PO: Why does she have to be in court?

Emily: Because she stole my car and torn up my license yesterday.

PO: That was her? I heard about that at the station this morning.

Me: What are my options?

PO: I'm sorry but we can't lose her paperwork....though I certainly sympathize with you. You can, however, press charges against her if you like. It would get her out of your hair until morning, at least.

Me: I'll take it.

&#x200B;

I signed the form and she was arrested, again. This time she posted $1000 and was released. Because the police CLEARLY don't understand the law and how she is right, she goes back to trying to harass me and control Emily. The problem was that now she couldn't find us. While she was busy being arrested and bonding out, I talked to my mom, and her brother and sister-in-law. Mom got us a hotel suite booked under the maiden name of my good aunt. Emily and I packed up and moved to the hotel.

&#x200B;

Four Days Later:

There is a knock on the hotel room door. I answer it to find the police standing there. This was different. Two were in uniform and two were in regular clothes, detectives. Oh boy. I sighed, told them I'm not a runaway and there are no drugs but come on in anyway and offered them some of our soda supply. They declined.

&#x200B;

Detective: Do you know why we are here?

Me: Not specifically, but if I were to guess I'd say my crazy aunt has cooked up some new story to sell to you.

Detective: Do you know where we can find Emily?

Me: Yes.

Detective: Is this a confession?

Me: To what?

Detective: To her murder.

Me: What?

Detective: Your aunt says that you have always hated your cousin and that four days ago you got her out of the way and then killed Emily and dumped her body. We would like to know where her remains are to give her family closure. Cooperation would go a long way here.

Me: First, crazy aunt is the one that has always hated me, it's a long story. Emily is one of my best friends as well as my cousin. Second, I not only didn't kill her, she isn't dead.

Detective: Then where is she?

Me: Taking a shower. We just got back from the pool and chlorine does nasty things to her curls. She'll be out in a minute. Sure you don't want a soda while we wait?

&#x200B;

One officer had moved to the bathroom door and could hear someone in there. He nodded at the detective.

&#x200B;

PO: Do you have any weapons in here?

Me: Just the knife by the sink.

&#x200B;

I handed them each a Coke and took one myself. I yelled into the bathroom, "Hurry up, we have company!" Emily squealed, "MIKEY!" I knew she'd hurry up now. I returned to my seat. There was another knock on the door. This time it was Mike. He came in, grabbed a soda, sat down and looked at the police. He nods to the two plain clothes cops and says, "Detectives?" They nodded.

&#x200B;

Mike: So, what is she claiming you did this time?

Me: Murder.

Mike: Cool, who'd you kill?

Me: Emily.

Mike: Damn, I was going to marry that girl.

Me: You do and CA becomes your mother-in-law

Mike: I don't plan on returning from the honeymoon. She'll never find us.

Me: I thought that when we left Em's place and decided to stay here. Yet here we are.

Mike: Fair point. How did they find you?

Me: Good question.

Detective: We had your information and we called your home. Your father initially refused to tell us where you were and insisted on calling the precinct directly to make sure it was really the police. Smart man. Then he told us where you were. He would like you to call him when we are done here.

&#x200B;

I picked up the phone and called my brother. I let him know everything was fine and that I'd call back later with more details.

&#x200B;

Emily comes out of the bathroom and rushes to see Mike. It takes a second for her to notice the police.

&#x200B;

Emily: Oh good grief. What is she claiming you did this time?

Me: Murder.

Emily: Wow, she's pulling out all the stops here. Who'd she say you killed, Kennedy?

Me: You.

Emily: Me? But I'm not dead.

Detective: May we see some identification?

Emily handed it to him and we gave them the whole story. The officers just shook their heads.

&#x200B;

Detective: We will let her know that you are alive and that you will contact her when you see fit. We will NOT disclose your location to her.

Me: So she gets away with more harassment?

Detective: I'm afraid so. The reality is that we can't prove that there was malicious intent here even though there was. When neither she or anyone else that knows Emily had seen or heard from her in days she can make the case that she reasonably concluded that Emily was in danger. You were the last person known to be with her so you are the logical starting point.

Me: Well thanks for not coming in with guns blazing!

Detective: We only do that on television. Randomly shooting up hotel rooms creates lots of paperwork and we hate paperwork. Try and enjoy the rest of your visit here.

Me: Oh, I will She goes to court in a few days for car theft and I wouldn't miss that for anything./nHi Everyone, I made this account so I could post this as I wanted to share my own EM horror story, Way back when (2009) I worked for a Party Character company, I was hired by EM, who specifically wanted Little mermaid for her daughters birthday. They were to have 15 kids and wanted me to do face painting and gifts, half payment was given to hold the date and the remaining fee was to be paid the day of the event as stated on the contract. Before the agreement was signed I confirmed with her 2 times that he was having 15 kids only as well as reminded her any additional children would be $5 per child. **(keep this in mind for later**). One week before the Party EM called me a total of 4 times because she began nitpicking on what specifically was agreed to on the contact, I reminded her of the copy she had in her email and the details we set for the party.

Fast forward to the day of the party. The party wasn't supposed to start till 4 pm, I arrive a half hour beforehand to get dressed and set up for the kids, EM gave me and my assistant a look up and down with a look of disappointment on her face. Here's where it begins.

**EM: You're the Ariel I hired?,**

**M: Yes Ma'am I came early to set up and get ready.**

**EM: I thought you would come already dressed, the kids are already here. \*I looked at her confused\*,**

**M: You stated on contact the party was for 4 pm**.

EM: \*rolls her eyes\* **well its too late now, I want you to start in 15 minutes \*yells for her husband\* Take these.. two to the garage so she can change.**

EM turns around and walks away while her husband was thankfully understanding and helped accommodate us while I got into the dress and set up. Once decked out in dress and wig, I get ready and go inside I am about to sit down to greet the kids after their meal in the other room when suddenly 40 kids! 40!! walk into the room. EM looks at me with the same disappointed look and arms folded, While I admit I wasn't prepared for this many children, I was grateful I always carry spare gifts and such in my car. My assistant who was there to help with games and face paint, took a few photos as a client record (not to be published) but EM demanded him to erase them because she didn't want her kids on social websites. To which he explained it was for company records it wouldn't be on any websites unless she signed a photo agreement which she didn't. EM stormed off to busy herself with something.

The party went off without a hitch, but we ended up going an extra half hour, due to EM wanting us to stay longer, when it came time for payment. EM left it to her husband who came over to pay us, I brought out the contact to show him what she signed and what was due especially now since we suddenly had an extra 25 kids unexpectedly. The father looked over the contact and agreed, and gave us the correct payment, along with a tip which was appreciated. THE NEXT DAY- I'm at the company in a meeting with my boss as we go through the prior events of that day, because he received a phone call from EM, stating "I want my money back your Ariel character was horrible!! She didn't do anything at all, the kids had a horrible time and hated her, and she demanded extra payment for the extra hour and kids too which I already paid for. My husband didn't have to pay for that!!!." 4 years Up until now I never had an issue or odd complaint. I showed my boss the contract she signed and explained to him what happened with the 25 extra children and the fact that I had 15 minutes to get ready because of her time screw up, and stay a half hour extra. I also brought up the photos to show how "horrible of the time" those children had, laughing and playing and dancing along with me. My boss calls EM back while I'm there, he explains to her what she agreed to on the contract, to which now EM loses her damned mind, \*yelling at the top of her lungs\*, I **CAN'T BELIEVE I PAID FOR THAT CRAPPY CHARACTER, SHE DIDINT EVEN HAVE REAL RED HAIR. THE DRESS COLOR WAS WRONG AND SHES TOO FAT TO BE ARIEL OR ANY SHITTY PRINCESS (sidenote- I'm a size 8 and I wore a 15 lb fluffy green dress with petticoats for that princess look), WHO HIRES FAT PRINCESSES? IF I KNOWN ABOUT HER UGLY LOOKS I WOULD HAVE GONE WITH A BETTER COMPANY!!"** (Mind you she hired us from the website which I'm dressed as Ariel in - literal face photo and all)

My boss is staring at me trying to maintain his composure. **"Ma'am I'm so sorry you feel that way, however, from the photos I am currently looking at, it shows the kids were, in fact, having a wonderful time, also 40 kids is quite a lot, you agreed to 15 and she confirmed with you 2 times, but instead brought a total of 40 kids and not expect to pay for them. I'm sorry ma'am but unfortunately, we won't be giving any money back as the evidence, and our actress was correct, you agreed to the contact and it was paid in full. Take care and have a great day.** \*He said before EM belted out loudly\* **"FUCK YOU AND FUCK THAT SHIT EXCUSE OF A FAT GIRL! NEVER AGAIN!"** My boss promptly hung up the phone, and then contacted the 2 sister companies to be aware of EM.

&#x200B;/nHello everyone. I’ve been hearing a lot of people talking about how fake these entitled parent stories are and such. They’re right, to an extent. The title of my story would definitely sound fake to lots of people. Although I don’t have any proof of what happened, I hope you all can take my word for it and enjoy the story. TLDR at bottom.

I’ve definitely lived a crazy life with some crazy friends and enemies, and have had my fair share of idiots. I live in a medium sized city/town (about 40k people) and much of the area is rural. I was about 9 at the time of the great shove. There’s a bridge that connects two very popular hiking trails that runs over a wide river. Despite its length and width, the river is only about 15 feet deep at its deepest point. Anyway, the trail is always packed in early summer to late fall since the bridge is the only way to access the other trail without taking a swim in the river. My dad, my brother and I were crossing the bridge to get to the other trail when my dad requested that we stop and take some photos of the mountain view we had. My brother (about 7 at the time, small and skinny) was doing that kid thing where they hoist themselves above a railing with their hands but stay in that position. He was enjoying the views when this absolute whale of a woman (and I mean an absolute hunk of lard, maybe 380-430 pounds) came run-waddling up to us.  She didn’t have a “see your manager” haircut, but her head was shaved and the stubble of her hair was dyed red. She had one of those baby carriers that you strap to your chest with an infant in it. 

This EM stopped right behind my brother, uttered “You’re not setting a good example for my daughter” and promptly yote him off the bridge. In retrospect she probably just kind of eased him off, but my memory was a bit hazy from that part. Naturally, my dad, me, and everyone else crossing the bridge were in shock. I saw someone immediately dial 911 and my dad began yelling at her. I was just bawling and looking over the edge, where I saw my brother had surfaced. The drop was about 25 feet, but there’s no way he landed on his feet after he tumbled off. A bunch of people started yelling at him to swim to the shore, but I could see that he was too busy screaming and crying to listen to what they were saying. I turned back to my dad and saw that the lady was matching his level of anger and shouting as loud as he was. All I could hear from the EM were things like “I didn’t want your son to be a bad influence for my daughter, what if she tried to do something like that?” “I don’t care about your f-ing daughter, why the hell did you just push my son off a bridge?” A squad car pulled up after about ten minutes (the trail was wide). My dad had dashed off to try to find my brother and a bunch of hikers were yelling at the EM to try and prevent her from running (I should probably say waddling) away from the scene. The baby was somehow completely calm this whole time. 

The cops hop out of the car and stride over to the EM (they must have had Karen senses). One of them opens their mouth to say something and the EM  turns around and tackles the officer, scratching at his face and screaming like a banshee. The other cop and several other hikers immediately try to pull her off, not because she was attacking the cop but because she had practically belly flopped onto him with a f-ing BABY ON HER CHEST!!! As soon as they get her off she starts running at the cop again. The strap that held the baby must have broken because someone had scooped her up so that the cops could take action. The second cop immediately draws her gun and puts a bullet through her shoulder. After shrieking so loudly that I thought I was going to go deaf, the whale passed out and the cops took her to an ambulance that was waiting by the squad car. The baby was crying, and a paramedic took her from him and carried her away. 

I was still crying and kept on sobbing until my dad appeared with my soaking-wet brother about 25 minutes later. The cops ask us a crap ton of questions. I had to answer most of them since my dad had left to find my brother, and I was only 9. That slowed things down a bit. My brother was fine but totally shaken. He got diagnosed with PTSD six months later. We went home and slowly began to recover. Two weeks later we get a letter from the police department saying that the lady had serious undiagnosed mental health issues and most likely saw my brother as a threat to her child rather than her story of him being a bad influence. Despite the surprising results I still hate her for what she did to my sweet little bro and will never forgive her. This was back in early 2013. She’s still serving her 7 year prison sentence for attempted manslaughter, child endangerment, and assault. I also heard she was in rehabilitation sessions, so I hope she can come to her senses. Thanks for sticking by me for the whole story, folks.

TL;DR: A mentally unstable whale of an EM pushes my brother off a bridge after saying that he was a bad influence for her infant daughter when he was leaning over the railing. She proceeded to get shot in the shoulder and is serving an 7 year prison sentence. Sounds fake, I know, but it’s very, VERY real.

Edit: Thanks again for the upvotes and my second medal ever! I’ve got about six more EM stories (crazy, I know) and let’s hope I can get me a month of Reddit premium off one of them! See you next time!/nBe me, a teenage nerd going to a IT magnet school where the workload rivals a 9 to 5 job. I go to McDonalds to spend my limited allowance money. My family has a policy where allowance money spent on good things (Self improvement,   Projects etc.) is refunded plus a dollar. So if I buy a book on how to cook and then learn from it, I get the money I spent on it, and a dollar back. 

I’m sitting here at a table, close to the entrance. Enter EP and EC. They enter the store, look at the board and then look at me. Now, I’m here and I sat down a minute ago. My burger is untouched, I ate only a few fries and I’m browsing through reddit. The parent comes up to me. 

EP: I’m sorry to bother you, but my family is running short on money. My little boy is hungry.

Me: Okay ma’am.

EP: Can you spare us some food.

Now I’m here thinking I can get myself a dollar out of this, so I say “Sure.” I go up and order a happy meal for the kid. Apple slices and milk.

I get the meal and turn around. EK has taken bites out of my burger (One of the 8$ Signature meal ones) and EP is downing my fries. 

Me: What the hell!?

EP: We were hungry.

Me: I bought your son a happy meal! You were supposed to get that, not eat my meal!

EK: Mommy, I want the Happy Meal!

EP: Well, we’ll take the happy meal. 

Me: No way, Bitch! You just ate my savings for the month!

EP: WHAT THE HELL DID YOU CALL ME?!

At this point, the enployees notice. One says something to the Manager

Manager: Is there a problem here?

Me: Yes, these two just ate my meal!

EP: He stole my little boy’s happy meal!

Me: I bought this because you said your boy was starving! I didn’t mean for you to put your grubby hands on it!

EP: HE VERBALLY ABUSED MY SON!

Here, I’m standing dumbfounded. EK continues to devour my burger. I take it from his hands and he starts whining. 

EK: Mom, you said he wouldn’t notice!

Manager: Ma’am I’m going to have to ask you to leave.

EP: He just touched my son! 

Manager: Ma’am, you need to leave now.

The parent and her kid storms out. The manager reimburses me for the happy meal and the signature meal. I go home, and my parents refund me the money and a dollar, despite the fact the manager already reimbursed me. Yay for double money!


Edit: Thanks for the platnium!/n Pretty long so TL;DR at the bottom. 

Okay so this was a while ago while my sister was in high school and I was still in primary school (she was about 15 and I was around 8) I have an eidetic memory so I remember things really well. 

She’d been bullied pretty hardcore during her primary school days and she thought that when she got to high school the bullying would stop. It didn’t. My dad (at the time of this story) was very connected he knew a lot of people and he decided that he was not going to roll over and take this shit laying down. 


Cast: 
EM
FD (fat douchebag)
D (dad obviously)
S (sister)
Me (Majestic Narwhal)
ST (stupid teacher) 

So one day after years of bullying my sister decided that she’d had enough of FD calling her a lesbian, pulling her hair and making crude remarks and gestures at and about her so she broke, and by broke I mean she gave him a warning like every other time and when he didn’t listen she slammed his head into the table. Hard. 

Enter EM, now EM knew my family as she had once been friends with my mother for a while but once we sold them our old car, and they didn’t end up paying us, we broke ties. She did not like this one bit. 

My dad had been called to the high school the day after my sister destroyed FDs braincell (I’m pretty sure he only had one) I was with him because I had an earache and a fever (I got these often) 
So there we were talking reasonably with ST while S sat slumped down in the chair (because she’d been told off by dad) 

ST: we do not tolerate fighting in our school. 

D: what about bullying? (Things got quiet and then there was a commotion outside the door. It was EM and a smug but sore looking FD)

Not to put a picture in your head as to what these two looked like think Mrs Dursley and Dudley from Harry Potter. No joke they were the same. 

EM: this angry brute should be expelled from this school and made to apologise to my poor baby (I remember leaning over to my sister and asking her what ‘brute’ meant and she pointed at herself and rolled her eyes)

D: I’m sorry you dumbass but do you have the whole story? Do you remember all the times we spoke to you about him verbally abusing not only my daughter but all of my children? (Dad used his ‘angry dad voice’  it’s not as scary as ‘angry mum voice’ but it was up there) 

ST: well we have to expel your daughter, she attacked another student. 

Now this is when ‘angry dad’ disappeared and ‘hulk furious dad’ appeared (dad has a temper and he knows how to use it)

D: this is bullshit (EM is looking smug and FD is grinning from ear to ear) I am the chairman of the governing council and I know the minister of education. I’m sure he would love to hear that you are ignoring the fact that this twerp has been bulling my daughter and others nonstop for years and you have done nothing (dad looks at FD who is making gestures at my sister) the fuckwit is doing it now!

ST (visibly pales): sir, I have to do something. 

D: yeah, suspended this dumbass for all the time you can and suspend her as well because she has to learn about consequences (FD is now shouting and so is EM)

EM: my poor baby has done nothing wrong. Boys will be boys and he is sorry, aren’t you pumpkin (we all look at FD who doesn’t look sorry at all)

DF: yes mummy (not even joking he said this. I was 8 years old and I didn’t call my mother ‘mummy’)

D: bullshit. 

ST finally relented and gave FD 3 weeks suspension and my sister got 3 days. EM was screaming that she’d sue the school for letting such a dangerous girl come back. 
As soon as we got in the car dad told S that he was proud that she stood up for herself but next time she has to not do it in public. 

EM and FD did try to make all of my family’s lives hell after this day but it didn’t work and FD got transferred to another school where he was done for sexual harassment (I found all this out from his sister who was still talking to us) 


TL;DR
EM tried to get my sister expelled from school after she smashed FD into a table and angry dad saves the day and sister was not gets 3 days out of school. 

PS. I know my dad seemed like the entitled parent but he gave them enough warnings to sort this shit out or he would. So he did. 
Also this is one of my too many stories of my encounters with entitled parents and kids

Edit: fixed a few spelling errors. Thanks for pointing them out 😁

/nThis happened after my older Cousin's wedding. Read the first story to understand this one

 [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin/) 

After the whole ordeal with my cousin, ED decided to call my mum

mum: yes ED what do you want

ED: Nothing much, i wanted to talk to your son

mum: sorry he is at college

ED: ok, please tell him to call me, I need to ask him something

mum: you ask me. OP is really busy

ED: I can't, it's something only he has to answer

mum: well, if you don't tell me, then you can't talk to him

my mum takes no no bs  and cuts hangs up

I came home around 8pm that night coz of traffic (important later)

mum: where were you

me: there was traffic, it took me a while

mum: oh, your uncle from bangladesh wants you to call him

me:  well tell him to leave me alone. He can die and i wont even bat an after what he did with Nc

mum: Don't be rude, but ok

That night my mum calls him and tells him, that i am busy and thus cannot talk. ED for some reason was cool with it. 

A week later my calls me,

we start off with some small talk then the topic of my uncle pops up

dad: your uncle wanted to talk to you,

me: I wont talk to him, after what he did to NC

dad: come on that happened a year go

me: I don't care

dad: ok, ok calm down. 

we just laugh the conversation off 

&#x200B;

One week later

Me and my dad were doing a whatsapp video call. when ED decided to call me. 

dad: who is that pick up

me: ok.

I put my phone on hold and picked up the call

ED: what took you so long

me:  i was talking to dad

ED: whatever, i need to speak to you about something important

me: and that is (hoping to finish this convo)

ED: your 18 right

me: yeah. (when he asked that, i knew something was going to go down)

ed: So basically my daughter who recently turned 15 has a liking to you. I want you to marry her. I have spoken with your dad and he agreed I will talk to your mum about it.

me: what

Ed: You have to marry my daughter because she likes you

I just hang up and beging my conversation with my dad

me: dad be honest. did ED call you

dad: ... yes

me: what did he say

dad: he said that he want you to marry his middle daughter 

me: and what have you said

dad: I agreed

me: (still calm) why?

dad: give it to you mum

me: No, answer my question. Why did you agree?

dad: I have to go

me: if you hang up now, then you can forget you have an older son

dad: Well last time you went to bangladesh the two of you seemed to get along and I though it would work out

me: WHAT THE FUCK? COUSINS TALK. JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE GETS ALONG DOESN'T MEAN THEY WANT GET MARRIED OR LOVE EACH OTHER

dad: watch your mouth

me: No. 

after that i hang up.

I go tell my mum and she is on my side. My called ED's wife EM, 

mum: hello

EM: Oh, how you doing my sister-in-law

mum: shut up

EM: come one be honest they make a cute couple

mum: He doesn't want her

EM: how do you 

the call was on loudspeaker and i was sitting right next my mum

me:  because she is an asshole

EM: EK is way better then your GF

now in my family gf and bf relationship have been banned due to something that happened to my aunt. Also I don't like the idea of having a gf. (i will explain in a different post because it's not relevant to the story)

me: Excuse me?

EM: yes you heard me right,she is better than your gf

me: 1) she is a total bitch 2) I don't have a gf

mum: give it to EK

EM: she is studying

I hear EK screaming in the background

mum: stop lying and give it to EK

Em calls EK 

EK: hello

mum: do you want to mary OP

EK: yes

mum: OP do you want to marry EK

me: No, never

mum: this wedding ain't happening

she then hangs up.

yesterday, I get a call from an unknown number. I pick up and hear EK

EK: hello how you doing

me: please don't call me. I am busy

and I hang up.

You may be thinking, what is wrong with EK, what makes her so entitled? she had the audacity to enter my room while i am changing. When i told her parents they said it's ok coz it's FAMILY. 

People say, guys are the perverts and sexual abusers. Well this proves that girls can be perverts. 

I will keep you posted 

&#x200B;

TL;DR ED wants me to marry to his daughter. My dad accepts without my permission leading on EK, EM and ED.

&#x200B;/nFor starters, I'm on mobile so I apologize if the formatting gets wack. Also English is my first language. On with the story.

This happened on a family vacation years ago. We went down to Texas near the gulf since I have never seen a beach. Wasn't that impressive since it was a gulf. Anyways, near the end of the trip I saw this beautiful hermit crab (in a store not a wild one) that had stripped legs and a green color. I had enough money to buy him, and I did. 

I was in the parking lot after when my cousins who are all young boys, like 8, come up to me. Here's the cast:

EM: my step mother (surprise lmao)

C1: cousin 1

C2: cousin 2

Me: yes
__________________

C1: oooo can we see him!

Me: no.

C2: but whyyyyy

Me: you got money?

C2: no?

Me: then go away, I already have to keep him calm for the 12 hour drive.

C1: I'm telling mom you aren't sharing! (Even though she is their aunt she's been a mom figure to them)

Me: cool.

Well my mom comes storming over which for a 5'2 woman is oddly scary.

Em: why aren't you letting them hold Larry?

Me: first of all his name is Tyrone, and because I'm not comfortable with ANY of my pets around children, let alone a little crab.

Em: I'll tell your father youve been misbehaving all vacation.

Me: he literally can't do anything but okay 

After that I made the tragic decision to put Tyrone the crab in the car while I went to catch more waves at the beach, since it was next to the shop. When I came back lord behold the 2 kids were rolling him around in the sand and salt water. I lost it. Even though I only had him a max of an hour, he was mine and I loved that shelly boy.

Me: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING GET IN THE GOD DAMN CAR YOU SHIT STAINS

Em: watch your language why are you such an angry girl!

Me: they.. they were hurting my crab! 

Em: so they are just kids, they didn't know better.

Me: when I was their age I wasn't abusing animals, or even touching them without permission!

Em: they had permission from me!

Me: I TOLD THEM NO! IT WAS MY MONEY AND NOW IT IS WASTED!

Em: I'll pay you back later but you have to apologize.

Me: or you can pay and I won't tell dad that you went against my word and killed my pet basically.

Em: .....whatever. We are going back to the hotel.

Now I also want to say that this whole time I was holding my barely alive crab. Though at the end when I looked down, Tyrone was dead. Legs missing, cracked shell, just awful. I did what you would have seen in sad movies, and tossed his remains into the ocean. No way was I putting him in the car with those crotch goblins. 

But yeah that was my story, put an F for Tyrone./nHere's the original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxj1a6/random\_mamabear\_defends\_my\_daughter\_from\_vicious/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bxj1a6/random_mamabear_defends_my_daughter_from_vicious/)

&#x200B;

And now for the update!

&#x200B;

SHE WENT DOWN HARD!!!

&#x200B;

The EP, MamaBear and I were in court yesterday (sorry for not posting about that, but I was too nervous). And she is royally fucked. 

With the evidence and witness statements, and her contradictory bs, it was over a lot quicker than I thought it was gonna be. 

Now, I'm not going to give out details that could lead to her identity, but she does have a 6 month prison sentence and will be paying a fine. EP's daughter was there with her father, and she came to apologise to me for her mother's behaviour. I told her not to worry about it, just to learn from this experience and do what she was already doing, being a better human. Her father also apologised to me, and even told me that this had been the final straw in their already strained marriage, so he's getting a divorce.

From what I can gather from both daughter and father, EP was a pretty violent and abusive person in their home, and they're going to take the time she's locked up to run far, far away from her. 

&#x200B;

As I said it was over quite quickly, and MamaBear and I went to dinner together, her boys and partner, and my dd and mother joining us. (my mum had dd for the day)

We had a really great time, swapped numbers etc, and are planning to meet up again since it's the school holidays now. 

I'm very satisfied with the result, and glad that EP's soon to be ex-husband and daughter will be free of her soon.

&#x200B;

Thank you everyone for your support, it was great to be able to rant and get everything out to you guys xx/nBackground: I worked as a lifeguard at a state beach every summer during college for beer money during the school year (and a killer suntan/chicks love lifeguards) Overall I loved guarding; decent pay, relatively easy work (when it wasn't terrifying) and most people were super nice because it was a small town. People would bring us snacks and waters. However, dealing with out-of-state Moms and Tourists was the bane of my existence. This story is about one such mom.

EM = Entitled Mom, SC = Small Child (EM's kid), Me = Me.

**Scene:** I'm  sitting in my guard chair, relaxing all cool. It's near the end of my shift and I'm looking forward to going to the boardwalk after work to meet some friends. I see a young girl (between 4-8, old enough to walk and talk but still clumsy) running around topless at the beach. Now I don't really care because there is  no immediate danger to the child, but the state has very strict rules about beach attire. Children need to be covered up as appropriate for their age. There is some leeway as  to what is/is not appropriate, and the state leaves the final call to the Guard on duty. My beach  was super strict on clothing, and the reason we are so strict on this rule is because public beaches attract all kinds of creeps and weirdos and you wouldn't want your kid walking around naked in front of a child molester so they can get their rocks off in the parking lot. (yes we've seen it happen)

Me: Excuse me Ma'am, your child needs to be clothed  in a bathing suit when at this beach

EM: Excuse me?

Me: It's beach policy that children be appropriately dressed at all times on the beach, it's a public beach so- (she cuts me off)

EM: Are you f***ing dumb? She's 5 years old! She's fine

Me: I'm sorry ma'am, the state makes the rules and I could  lose my job if my manager saw this

EM: MY DAUGHTER CAN WEAR WHATEVER THE F**K I DEEM FIT, What is YOUR problem?

Me: Ma'am your daughter is obviously old enough to be fully  clothed at the beach. She needs to wear a swim top.

EM: *now shouting loudly* So you're saying if she was  a BOY it would be OK if she was topless?

Me: Yes  I suppose so, those are the beach rules

EM: YOU F****ING Sexist PIG! Because she isn't a BOY she can't  wear the clothes  she wants?

Me: Ma'am I understand this is upsetting but I really don't make the rules here. I don't personally care what she wears  I'm just doing me jo-

EM: WELL TOO BAD, SHE has a HORRIBLE ALLERGIC SKIN RASH  ^(TM) and CAN'T Wear a beach shirt. WHERE IS YOUR MANAGER??

This is an obvious lie, the child has no blemishes visible and is rolling around in the tide pools happy as a clam

Me: Ma'am if she has a terrible painful rash why is she rolling around in the sand and water?  Surely that would be inappropriate and cause her pain? If she is injured I have burn and  rash ointment at the aid  station, you would need to fill out an incident report with my manager if I give her first aid however. 

*I then radio my manager, asking him to repeat aloud the beach attire rules, which he does.*

EM now realizes I called her bluff

EM: Come on honey, we are LEAVING  this beach because the MEAN lifeguard doesn't want you to have fun (she grabs the child who is now upset  and crying)

I think this is  the end of it, but then EM's husband comes over 5 minutes later

Husband:  Hey man what the f**k?

Me: I told your wife, the beach has a strict policy about children's attire. This is a public beach and we can't control who comes in here. Would you want your child running around topless in front of a pedophile who came to the beach *just* to watch the kids?

He was actually really apologetic and reasonable about the whole situation. He did tell me I could have handled his wife better, to which I responded it was my job to keep people alive, not to handle his wife's temper. 


I have more stories like this from my time Guarding, if you guys like this i'll post them!

*Edit: Link to my [Next Story](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/as365y/lifeguard_stories_2_em_upset_her_ec_cant_fish_in/?)/nNow, my stepmother and I have a long running history going on 14 years now. She came into my life when I was very young, and she's been tormenting it since. I have tons and tons of stories about her, but this one will give a brief history of her antics. The backstory is a chunk of it, but very important to the event in the title. 

My stepmother is not liked by my father's side of the the family for many reasons. One, she didn't treat my sister, father, or I very well, and two, she drove my father into debt with her high shopping sprees. My stepmother also has two children, a daughter who is a little over 11 years older than me (I'm 20) and a son who is three years younger than me. 

My grandmother lived across the street from where my sister and I grew up. She helped my dad out a lot after my mom left and she watched over the two of us like hawks. I think she had an intuition about my stepmother because she didn't like her very much from the start. 

It came to a boil one day about a month before her and my dad got married. My grandfather had just passed away and one of my older cousins was outside doing yard work for my grandmother. My grandfather had a little playground put in for my sister and I, but we had gone to see our mother for the weekend so my stepmother took my stepbrother over there. 

It was all nice and dandy until my stepbrother started taunting my cousin, saying, "Your grandpa died. Your grandpa died." We had just been to the funeral the week beforehand so the wound was still pretty open for all of us. 

My cousin told my stepmother to tell him to stop, but she just kind of stuck up her nose and said that he was fine and he was just being a kid. (Side note: my stepbrother is now 18 and super entitled). My cousin was very upset so he went up to the house and told my grandmother. 

My grandmother was a tough woman when it came to my stepmother and defending her grandchildren. She marched down to the playground and asked my stepmother to leave as she wasn't welcome on her property if she was going to allow her son to speak in the manner that he was. 

My stepmother retaliated and called my grandmother a bitch. My grandmother swore back at her and it led up to my stepmother following her up the driveway and my grandmother throwing a doormat at her. 

There was always tension around the holidays after that and my grandmother's hate for my stepmother grew throughout the years as she learned about how we were being verbally abused. She suggested to my father many times that he needed to get a divorce for the sake of my sister and I, but he didn't. 

My grandmother became sick about about four years after they got married. She was diagnosed with ovarian cancer and while she did go into remission, it did come back. My cousin was living with my grandmother when she was diagnosed and they had a very close bond with one another.

My cousin got engaged a little over a year and a half before my grandmother passed. They found out that her cancer had returned not long before his wedding and she was super sickly so we knew that this may have been the last big family event we were all going to have together, and it was sadly. 

My cousin and his wife chose my sister and I for flower girls, so we were a part of the wedding and due to that, we didn't arrive with our parents; we didn't see much of them at all before the wedding because we had to get our hair done along with the rest of the party. 

At the church, my sister and I were standing outside the chapel talking with my cousin when I saw him make a face. My stepmother, father, and stepbrother had just walked in the door and my stepmother was wearing white. Now, my cousin's wife had been a part of the family for long enough to know about my stepmothers antics and if it wasn't for the fact that she was getting ready for her wedding, she would have thrown my stepmother out then and there. My cousin didn't want to cause any trouble on the big day though so he let it slide, but I know my dad caught the look that he gave him. 

The wedding goes fine and before the reception, we were all taking photos. Everyone knew at this point of my stepmother's attire as she was standing at the doors of the chapel smirking during photos (that she attempted to butt into, but wasn't considered a part of the immediate family or wedding party) and if the looks that everyone was giving her could kill, she'd have been dead. 

My grandmother had dressed her best that day despite her illness and she hung onto my cousin's arm during their photo before I heard her mumble, "I'll be damned if she wears white to another wedding with that grin on her face." Again, my grandmother was tough. 

This is anticlimactic, but no fights broke out, no one yelled at anyone, the only thing that did happen is that my cousin had a long talk with my father about his wife about how this was a family event and she knew that what she wore was extremely frowned upon. She did try to butt into every conversation during the reception and her son acted like a total dickhead the whole time, but that was expected. 

Her actions though spoke loudly about her character as we all knew that my grandmother wasn't doing well. My sister and I were still super young so we knew that she wasn't going to be seeing her other two grandchildren get married. She knew that this was going to be one of the last few times the family got together in celebration of something and my stepmother had to step all over it and draw attention to herself. 

My grandmother passed away that November, the wedding was in June. When my grandmother went into hospice, my stepmother booed and hooed like she actually cared, but she kept talking about her own mother's battle with cancer, trying to compare the two as if they had some sort of resemblance, but the illness was the only thing comparable. My stepmother thought she had something left for her in the will, but she was definitely wrong about that. 

She didn't act up at the funeral, but she did during Christmas, which was the toughest holiday for all of the family as we spent it at my grandmother's house and it was the first time she wasn't there to be with us. My grandmother had picked out specific things relating to her for the four grandchildren and my cousins' wives when she went into hospice. My stepbrother didn't get anything from my grandmother that year and my stepmother threw a fit, storming out of the house and going home even though the gifts we were given were sentimental to the connection we had with our grandmother. 

It's been 8 years and she still won't get over the fact that my grandmother didn't give him a gift that Christmas (or maybe it's because she didn't get anything in the will), though she had in the past. She still hangs it over our faces sometimes. Her own father is a very old man now, but ever since my grandmother's passing, she's told my sister and I: 

"Your grandmother didn't give me, (stepbrother), and (stepsister) anything when she died so my dad won't give you and (sister) anything. It's only fair." 

I can't fucking stand her. My grandmother must be rolling around in her grave if she's seen half the shit my stepmother has done since then.

Edit: I had a couple things to add since I fell asleep after posting this and I've seen a lot of questions. 

Wearing white to a wedding is a cultural thing. Only the bride is supposed to be dressed in white as it's her big day and if someone else wears white, it shows that they're trying to upstage the bride and take the attention away from her. That was my stepmothers intention with that situation.

Second off, I'm gonna address my father. He has a certain choice in women. My mother would probably fit into another handful of stories all of it's own as she's very much similar to my stepmother. I did mention that my mother left in this story and what I mean by that is she walked out suddenly when I was 4. This affected my dad greatly as he was left with two children and didn't know what to do with suddenly being abandoned. 

He met my stepmother about a year or so later and after finally getting my mother to court about their divorce, he married my stepmother six months later. As I said, she's been in my life for 14 years now. 

So, why hasn't my father left? Simply because he's afraid of being alone after what my mother did to him. I was a hellion to my stepmother when I was younger for good reasoning and he looked at me one day and asked me if I wanted him, "to be alone?" 

He's realized in the past two years that she's shoving his daughters away. I walked out after her and I got into a fight and she threatened to call the cops on me because I shoved her when I didn't, and my father knows I didn't because I was standing right there. My sister is turning 18 in a couple of months so she's planning on leaving herself, where she goes hasn't been decided yet, but she's talked about moving in with my boyfriend and I over an hour away. I moved that far to have an excuse to not be around often. 

I said in another comment that my sister and I are making bets on when they'll divorce after she leaves. My stepmother has drained my father over the years money wise, and health wise. He busts his ass working 60 hrs a week and volunteers to work on Saturdays just to be away from her. The only reason he tolerates or on Sundays is because she's recently decided to start getting drunk on those days. He looks 20 years older than he actually is now and it's rough to look at. 

So yeah, some of you have said my dad seems spineless and in a way he is. I'm not upset with her being around so long though because I know he has his reasons and fears and it's fucked up, but those same fears have been instilled on me from a young age from him and from what my mom did to us. 

Thank you for reading my story though. I appreciate it./nObligatory I'm on mobile and don't know how to format very well. This happened when I was 7 (I'm 27 now) and I won't remember most of the details. Also it's long. Also I'm a guy. This story is about what happened to me when I was 7. 

Anyway. I was living in Seattle with my parents in one of those town house complexes (one of those places that's basically just a bunch of houses connected to one another in a row) and my neighbors were good people for the most part. Except for one family. The dad was cool and actually had a head on his shoulders (thank fucking god) the mom and the son however.... 

You all know the lingo. Em = entitled mom. ek = entitled kid. ad = awesome dad. Dad = my dad. me = the goober telling this tale. 

The son is a piece of work he bullied me relentlessly and constantly bugged me and my sister when we were playing. Today my sister was at a friend's so I was playing by myself in the complexes playground when ek shows up. Hes around 13 at the time and hes just coming into puberty I guess and decided to attempt to worm his way closer to me. This is where it might get triggering... and honestly this is hard to talk about. This kid tries calling a truce with me and asks to play with me. Swearing on every higher power that he means well. Me being a stupid kid believes him because I just want an excuse to not be bullied. We start monkeying around on the play set that's there and he brings up the idea of a game. Again me being a stupid kid get curious at the idea of a game despite being weary of his past actions. 

A little background about the area surrounding my complex. There's a small wooded area to behind the play area. With three busy streets framing the whole area. Honestly that's the most trees I've ever seen in that concrete jungle. This is the area he proposed his "game". We go back to these woods and go I to the thickest part of the trees and he tells me to close my eyes and open my mouth after telling me to get on my knees. 

Yeah..... he did what you think he did. And I bit it.... #HARD! 

Being a kid I didn't like what was suddenly in my mouth and decided to bite it not knowing what had just happened. He screamed and punched my right in the top of the head and knocked me out. I remember being picked up by my dad and brought home and he was PISSED. I had blood going down the side of my head and I was confused about what was happening (info he gave me later) the rest of the story is from information that dad told me. He apparently finished cooking dinner and was calling for me. Knowing I had a history of climbing the nearby trees because again stupid kid he went looking for me and found me bleeding and unconscious. He managed to wake me up and asked .e what happened, to which all i could say was ek's name. 

He brought me home and stormed over to the kids house banging on the door furious that his only son had been hurt not knowing what to expect. This is how the conversation went according to dad. 

Em. What the fuck do you want? I'm tending to my son hes hurt so this had better be good.

Dad. You damn fucking right this is good and I want an explanation as to why my 7 year old was bleeding and unconscious in the woods and saying that your son did it? 

Em clearly pissed to. What in the absolute fuck are you talking about. That animal bit my sons penis! I'd say he got what he deserved! 

Dad growing even more angry and yelling. WHAT IN THE HELL WAS YOUR 13 YEAR OLDS SONS PENIS DOING IN MY 7 YEAR OLDS MOUTH?! 

 Em. Shouldn't I be asking you that you piece of shit? We all watch that little weirdo you call a son playing by himself or with that little shit he calls a sister. We all know that this is something that fucking child would do! 

I'm still confused as to how someone can be this stupid.... 

Me dad was so furious he told her he will be back when hes less pissed so he doesn't cold cock her and end up regretting it and goes home to tend to me. 

An hour later after dad found out I'm fine and don't need to go to the hospital the ad shows up at our door. Hes wondering why his wife is furious and why my dad needed to poof before he knocked a bitch out. He explained what happened and the rest I heard from the living room.

Ad. Why was my son's penis in your sons mouth?.... that doesn't make sense....

Dad. My thoughts exactly but your wife thinks that it's my 7 year olds fault this happened. Again... 7 YEARS OLD! What 7 year old is thinking about trying that shit?! 

Ad. I think I need to go home and have a chat with my wife and son.

Ad went home and had a screaming match with his wife for 5 hours. Wr could hear it over my Nickelodeon shows 4 houses down. He comes back asking we don't press charges against his son. My dad agrees so long as the kid never bothers me again. Ad agrees and goes home. 

We moved a month later but the family got a divorce and the dad kept the boy. Anyway that's my ep story. And holy fick does that feel good to get off my chest... 

Edit 1: holy hell didn't expect this to blow up like it did thanks for the gold random person.

Edit 2: to answer one question I sae a lot. Yes this is still effecting me as an adult. I'm a 27 year old Male that has a deep hatred for teenagers because of that kid. I'm trying to work and get over it because I know that they all aren't him but to quote a pretty decent band. Teenagers scare the living shit out of me. 

Edit 3: fixed some spelling. Damn autocorrect on mobile. 

Edit 4: added at the beginning that I'm Male because people don't seem to get that boys can have this happen to them to and keep assuming I'm a girl.... /nThis is a super quick story, but happened very recently so it came to mind when I found this subreddit.

&#x200B;

For backstory, my mom died on June 10th 2018. We're jew-ish, not super religious, but enough that the one year anniversary of a passing is something we mark. My dad and I are holding a memorial service for her on June 8th 2019, which is the weekend closest to the anniversary. One of mom's friends (not family!) from growing up got wind of the date, and texted my dad...

&#x200B;

EM: I heard you're having the memorial on June 8th, is that right?

Dad: Yes, it's the closest to her yarzheit (anniversary).

EM: Well... EK's high school graduation is that day... can you move the memorial to another weekend? Maybe the one after, since the one before is difficult for us?

&#x200B;

Thankfully, Dad said no without hesitation, but I have to say if my mom had heard that, she would have come back just to smack EM.

&#x200B;

Edit: Just want to thank you all for your condolences and kind words. I super appreciate them <3/nSo, this happened during the week...


So, remember Karen who broke my glass door and tried to steal my Xbox?


Well this motherfucker is back and boy, she was MAD! and she movced into a mobile home park near my neighbor hood and the first thing she did was go to our house and harass my family she banged on our door and when my dad saw her he immediately said “this lady’s got to be aff her nut. She seems to not have learnt a lesson” and we ignored her but she kept blaming us for her divorce and how she can’t see her kid anymore and she kept insulting my Scottish heritage and and we get annoyed and we warned her to leave 

Dad: bloody hell, could you stop bangin on our door? You don’t seem to have spent enough time in jail have ye

Karen: IT’S ALL YOUR FAULT I CANT SEE MY KID ANYMORE 

Dad: no one asked you to be a looney bastard. Now leave our property or else!

Karen: IM GOING TO SUE YOU

Dad: go ahead. It’s worth a try,embarrassed and yourself enough why not ruin your reputation again!

Em:See you in jail you bastard

Dad: see you in hell ye numpty.


At about 11pm we get a knock at the door and it was the police and they told us we got a call saying we assaulted a lady and stole from her 

Dad: you know that crazy twat from last time? She made those calls

Policeman: oh yeah that mother with that crazy kid. Ya so sorry for bothering you guys have a nice night well deal with her for ya

Then this happened when I was walking home from school Karen came out of nowhere and punched me then she took off running with my backpack my friends chased her down and we tackled her I got my bag and we started a stomp-a-thon on this bitch we walk away and I sure hope she doesn’t decide to burn our house down all we know is that how could she hold a grudge after several months in jail.

Then again this might be the most unbelievable thing to happen but this happens because I live in a bad part of a neighborhood and we plan on moving to another place ASAP


Edit: asked my dad what he said exactly and I added that in cause he said “get every detail so you can embarrass the shite out of this prick” just to say my dad is amazing with comebacks/nOK some background I was adopted when I was 5 months old. I have two very loving moms and 5 amazing sisters also adopted. As far as I knew my birth mom was some business woman who didn't want to raise me. This story takes place when I was 12 so the facts may be a bit fuzzy but here we go.

One day in January my older mom (OM) received a phone call from a woman claiming to be my birth mom asking if she could visit me. My younger mom (YM) figured why not thinking she might just want to be a good person. So they set up a date to meet at a local park. We go there early to wait for them they show up she is very pregnant and the guy next to her was in a suit. We meet everything is fine, if a bit awkward, until she says:

BM(Birth mom): So would you like to come live with us?
Me: uh no I don't want to..(I was impatient and wanted to play)

And I ran off to play with my sister until I hear my YM yell at my birth mom:

YM: You are not taking my daughter.
BM: I'm her real mother I'm taking her HOME.
YM: You most certainly are not she is our daughter!
BM: (screaming) I don't give two shits what you think I am taking her.

That's when she gets up and starts running to me grabbing my hand and yanking it. That's when my OM tackles her (former military and very muscled) pinning her to the ground easily. The husband called the police on my mom yelling to let her go. A few minutes later two officers show up after giving our statement BM claimed they had kidnap me and she was taking me home. They arrested both my older mom and my birth mother and for two days until After showing them my birth certificate and proof of adoption they let my older mom go since she was defending me and arrested my birth mother for attempted kidnapping and child endangerment 

I heard from her for a couple months afterwards in letters she sent then after that nothing never heard or saw her again (not that I want to) I find out later that she moved to the US and that is the last I heard of her that was 3 years ago.

I hope I got all the facts right and I guess thanks for reading it.


ED: many thanks to the person who gave me gold I feel that there are much more deserving stories here but still thank you for it/nSo this is a story of a kid (K) that is so angry of dying on a pvp server and calls his mother (EM) saying that I am a hacker and shit. it went like this...

So I made a looking for group on Xbox and this kid showed up, so I invited him for the game and he kept saying... "Level me up level me up level me up!" Repeatedly 

Me: look, let me make this fair for me and you, I will put you on my level so that it's balanced (LVL 23)

K: Ok, but can you give me weapons?

Me: no, just level up yourself and craft it

K: but I want it now! I want it!

Me: look kid, if you keep begging for weapons I will have to kick you out.

Then he started playing by the rules until we met in the south part of the map.

K: now I will kill you!

Me: *shoots him several times until he dies*

K: WHAT!? YOU ARE HACKING!!

Me: no, I just have a better weapon than you

K: next time you will see! I will kick your ass and loot you!

Me: keep praying 

After 20 minutes I saw him again, so I just killed him again.

K: STOP!!! YOU DIDN'T LET ME HIT YOU ONCE!!

Me: it's your fault not being fast

After that I could hear him calling his mom in the background, and that is where the fun begins. I was just there waiting for him to come, he came back with his mom after 4 minutes.

EM: hello? Who am I speaking with?

Me: Capitan galaxius (I said it as a joke)

EM: stop that nonsense and explaing me what happend between you and my son?

Me: he just keeps complaining about dying, it's his fault not being fast enough

K: HE IS LYING!! HE IS HACKING AND STEALING MY STUFF!

Me: what!? No I am not you little brat!

EM: HOW DARE YOU SPEAK WITH MY SON LIKE THAT!? GIVE HIM HIS STUFF BACK AND APOLOGIZE NOW!!

Me: what if I don't feel like it?

EM: IF YOU DON'T I WILL CALL THE COPS!

Me: lady you are crazy...

EM: NO I AM NOT CRAZY!! WHAT YOU DID TO MY SON IS UNACCEPTABLE!! I BLOCKING YOU NOW!!!

Me: it's better like that, I can even smell your bad breath from here

Then she blocked me and sent me message on Xbox saying "we WILL report you! Don't think you are going to get away so easily". I just deleted the message and went back minding my bussines. And well, this is my story... Bye/nThis incident happened a few months ago. For context to those who haven’t read my other two posts. My Sister (Amy 17) was physically and sexually abused by my family. I took custody of both her and my other sister (Liza, 8) who was being groomed into thinking that behaviour would be normal when it started for her. Liza is fine now and adjusted to living with me properly while Amy has a long list of physically and mental impairments that affect her daily. Because of this, I got her a service dog, a German Shepard crossbred named Lickity Split, she has a funny shaped mark that looks like an ice cream cone on her head and her trainers named her after one of the really old my little ponies. 

Now, Amy adores her dog, we did a few months work with the trainer to get Lickity Split tailored towards Amy’s needs such as strangers needed to respect Amy’s personal space bubble. Something I hear from people is how they ‘struggle not to pat service dogs because they need to let them know they’re a good dog’ but trust me, their people let them know. Lickity gets groomed daily by Amy and they never go out without a pocket full of treats. I have three different stories of Entitled parents and kids thinking they deserve Amy’s dog more then her and to save this from being one super long post I’m going to share them separately. 

The first happened less then a month after we got Lickity Split. We were down at a local park that allowed off lead dogs letting our dog have a run around and she didn’t have her vest on as this was play time for her but I had it with me just in case she needed to go into service mode for my sister which wasn't uncommon. I make an effort to get down to the park with Amy and Liza daily because otherwise Amy would just hide away in her blankets any chance she got, and it was good for to be out in public and getting the fresh air. We were playing fetch with Lickity Split, taking turns throwing the ball for our happy doggo. Amy starts getting a bit antsy about an hour into our normally two hour long walk, which happens - there isn't always a reason, she just gets fidgety and spooks easily and I'd learnt to recognise when she's distressed ages ago - so we called Lickity Split back and I help her into her vest as when she’s not wearing it, kids often come up to pat and join in the play but when Amy gets anxious its better to have Lickity Split have her attention on Amy. 

A young child (maybe 9ish, she was definitely older then Liza) comes up with her mum who had one of those obviously fake smile on her face she didn't have the typical can-I-speak-to-the-manager haircut but one of those I-feel-like-I'm-better-then-you-and-will-make-sure-you-know-it like haircuts. She will be our Karen and her daughter will be dubed little Susie.  

Karen: Why did you stop playing, Susie here was enjoying watching you play with your dog. She was actually just asking me to let her play with it and I said yes so would you mind like, giving her the ball.

Me with a friendly smile: I’m sorry miss, our dog is an emotional support dog and she needs to look after my sister right now. I'm not sure why you said your child could play with her dog, I most certainly wouldn't tell my girls it was okay for them to play with things. 

As I explain this, I move to stand between her and Amy who is sitting on the ground with her attention on her dog and trying to ground herself. I am very protective over both my sisters, so I leave no room for her to get near Amy who is now on the ground, breathing heavily while Lickity Split does her job while telling Liza to sit with her big sister and help her if she needs as sometimes Amy needs help to calm down. 

Karen: That’s not a real thing. Your sister isn’t blind, she doesn’t need a dog working for her. If you’re going to be lazy, at least let my child play with the mutt.  

Me: Guide dogs aren’t the only type of service dog miss. My sister had her dog to help with her anxiety and other mental health issues. She has her vest on now so disturbing our dog is illegal as she needs to have her attention on my sister.

Karen: Dogs shouldn’t me made to work for people, it’s wrong that you’ve enslaved that poor animal.

Me: Miss, our dog isn’t enslaved. She’s simply been taught how to recognise when my sister needs help or needs to calm down, even I went through courses to help me learn how to best cater to my sister. Our dog is treated as an extension of the family and enjoys helping my sister, now we need to get home so I can get my sisters dinner. 

As I turn to my sisters, I see Susie trying to grab at Lickity Splits tail, Liza simply plops herself down at her rear with her back to little Susie and begins patting her sisters dogs back. Deciding I'd had enough and there was no way Amy was going to calm down here, I start to pack up the girls to take them home despite it being an hour earlier than normal, I turn around and help Amy off the ground, she’s in tears and shaking at this point and won’t let go of Lickity Split who is in her alert mode due to my sister’s mood. Liza complains about having to go home early as I clip on Lickity Split’s lead and hold Amy close, letting her hold onto part of the lead while I hold the handle out of caution - read too many stories on Reddit. As we start to walk off little Susie leaps forward and tackles our dog. Amy screams and crouches on the ground with her hands over her head in a frantic panic while I push the kid away Lickity Split who is limping and whining but still goes straight for Amy and stands over her. By now she is quite angry and growling and Karen and Susie for scaring her person and hurting her. The child is crying at how I pushed her off ‘the doggie she really really wants and all she wanted was a ride on her back.' (Note this kid was almost twice the size of Lickity Split) Karen then comes up to me practically foaming at the mouth

Karen: Hand over that mutt right now or I am reporting you for raping my child

Me: Miss, my sisters are in my care because they were abused by their family, report me for doing anything that could result in me loosing them and I will sue you for slander, now, your child hurt my sisters dog so we’re going to the vet – may I have your details so I can send you the vet bill.*as I say this I point to the nearby toilet block with a security camera on the side* I’m sure the whole thing is on tape. 

Karen, a look of dumbfound anger over her features, reluctantly gives me her number before she takes her child and dashes, but I make sure to also write down the plate number of her car before calling the police, just in case she does make the rape claim. I am very cautious when it comes down to the custody of my siblings as I don’t trust most my family with them and loosing custody over them would kill me. 

We take Lickity Split to the vet and she only minor sprains to her hind legs and back, I made sure to send the details of the vet bill to Karen and surprise surprise she refused to pay until I threatened to take her to court as Lickity Split and all her training were not cheep (typically here in Australia they can cost anywhere from $15,000 – 50,000 and while I won’t say exactly how much she cost it was on the latter end of the spectrum and she is worth every penny) after a little back and forth she reluctantly pays before contacting me three days later saying she is going to sue me for the money back to which I simply tell her I’ll see her in court. It’s been about 7 months now and nothing. 

I’ve never understood how people can think they’re entitled to other people’s pets. While I didn’t mind buying Lickity Split for Amy, she was a lot more expensive then regular dogs and this Karen didn’t even believe she was specially trained. Our dog is doing fine now and it’s a massive load off me having her as I don’t feel the need to hover over Amy to make sure she’s okay but please remember never to disturb a service dog, their attention needs to be on their person. This is the more mild of my three stories, the other two needed the police to get involved.

My other story for context: https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bas3rx/how_i_started_a_revolution_in_my_entitled_family/


Edit: The second story has now been posted for those asking./nust a heads up, this happened a few months ago and most details on it are still vague so this might be lacking in detail and be kinda short.
So my city of Tulsa has a drive and walkway near the Arkansas river called well, Riverside. It's always been on of the nicest parts of town as it basically runs through Tulsa and even onto another town.
A few months ago the city put in some scooters to be able to rent to ride on Riverside. The EM and her kid (5 year old boy) rented a scooter with one of her friends. All is normal right? Wrong.
The EM put her kid with her ON the scooter, and as if that wasn't stupid enough, began swerving onto the road into oncoming traffic. 
Several people barely miss her and the kid (still with her on this one scooter, mind you), causing no shortage of people stopping and honking at her and telling her off. 
As you can see from the title, you know how this is gonna end.
Eventually, EM swerves out of the way of an SUV, causing her poor little boy to fall off and be hit by the SUV she tried to avoid. The driver fled the scene but turned himself in the next day (charged with leaving the scene of a fatal collision, causing an accident without a valid driver's license, and driving with a suspended license).
The silver lining, if you could call it that compared to the life of the boy this careless bitch of an EM wasted, is that the EM has been charged with Negligent Homicide ( a misdemeanor in Oklahoma) and Child Neglect (a felony). 
Here is a link to a news article about it:
https://www.newson6.com/story/40376209/mother-driver-charged-in-scooter-death-of-5yearold-tulsa-boy

EDIT: I've seen a few people ask where the entitlement comes in, and I see it in how she purposely drove into oncoming traffic like she owned the road, like she was taunting the cars to try and hit her./nFirst post here, also on a mobile so please excuse formatting.

I have worked at a telecommunication provider for a number of years. My role is as a sales associate in a storefront, so we are customer-facing. We sell phones and plans but also handle customer service/billing enquiries and technical support. I have so many EP stories but this one was the most outrageous I’ve encountered, happened a few years ago.

The basic info here: a family (Entitled Dad, Quiet Mum, Embarrassed Teen) come into the store and the dad immediately starts going off, madder than a cut snake. Apparently we’ve scammed him and he not only refuses to pay the most recent bill, but he’s going to have us all fired if we don’t fix his issue immediately. I’m not too phased by the yelling and swearing (as it’s not uncommon in this job) but I know my co-worker doesn’t handle conflict well and my manager is on lunch, so I step up and try to calm him down, directing him and his family to take a seat at my workstation so I can have a look at the account.

I confirm that this account is for the sons mobile phone. The bill should be about $50 per month but this guys been charged over $3000, which shouldn’t be possible as he was on an unlimited calling plan and hadn’t exceeded his data. I let them know I’ll be a moment while I check out why this is. Turns out, it’s almost entirely content services. These are generally voting lines, competition lines, content/game downloads, sometimes scams, reverse calling, in-app purchases, that kind of thing. This is a service offered and charged by a third party. The bill doesn’t have the name of the company on it but I can see the number. It’s been called dozens of times in this month. I point this out to the dad, who promptly loses his shit. At this point he’s yelling something to the effect of:

“This is some kind of bullshit fucking scam, you people are thieves, I’m not paying this and if you don’t credit the account I’ll make sure you lose your job. I’ll have the fucking government crawling up your asses!! I’ll have the fucking store closed down!”

I wait until he’s out of breath and calmly continue, saying that in most cases, if it was a genuine error, then the company that provided the content services and so charged the account (a third party provider - not our company) can refund the charges. Unfortunately, because our company did not provide the content, we are unable to issue a refund. I explain that it’s like asking your bank for a refund of a purchase from a department store: the bank can’t provide a refund as they didn’t provide the service. The son at this point is vehemently denying that he ever used the service.

ED starts raving again, same stuff as before but also demanding that I pay the $3000 bill. I obviously refuse and tell him that unfortunately, if his son used a content service he will have to pay for it...that’s how the world works. Otherwise he has to call the company who charged him. ED and QM both also insist that their precious teen wouldn’t ever do anything wrong, he’s such a good boy, clearly I am wrong here etc etc. Unfortunately, though, I simply can’t put the credit on the account (only the over the phone billing reps can credit, and for that much money you’d need a 3rd level manager to do it.) 

We talk in circles for a while with the dad getting madder and madder. Eventually, he exclaims that it’s probably a fake number anyway and tries to call it from the teenagers phone, trying to prove his son had never called this number before. 

It rings, it’s on speaker...and then a sultry female voice answers:

Sexy voice: “Hi, [ETs name]. Where have you been? I’ve missed pleasuring you so much.”

There is a stunned silence as we all realise: the teen has been calling a sex line. Dad hangs up.

The mother looks like she might faint. The son turns bright red and the dad goes super pale. There is no denying it - she used his name. I’m trying so hard not to burst out laughing. This ballsy 14yo has blown nearly $3000 on a sex line.

The dad actually grab his sons ear and drags him out of the store. The mum follows. Neither of them says anything as they leave. I never saw them again.

TL:DR parents blow up at me for their sons phone bill; turns out he used $3000 on calling a sex line.

Edit: wow did not expect to wake up and have this blow up so much!!

Also: Holy hell thanks for the platinum kind internet stranger!!!

Edit 2: some people have pointed out that the parents weren’t the typical EP...I did gloss over about half an hour of yelling, swearing, and vehement denying of the facts because their angel couldn’t possibly have done anything wrong. They also demanded that I personally cover the bill (because clearly it was my error in the first place /s) and that I also hand over my personal mobile phone so the kid could use it until the service was reconnected. I skipped some of this convo for expediency haha/nMy aunt works as a teacher in a really small school, recently one of her students was hit by a trailer. Nice girl, good grades, respectful, you get me. Well my aunt called her mom to check on her and basically told her “if you’re calling for me to tell you she’s dead so you can gossip then fuck off”. She just told the mom she wanted to check on the girl and give her lessons at home when she recovered so she would do well in her exams despite the accident.

My aunt was devastated, she didn’t know the state of the girl and was really worried about her, around two weeks later my aunt gets a call from the mom. Telling her the girl is coming home from the hospital at the end of the week and she was wondering if my aunt and her class would come for her welcoming party. 

The day comes and my aunt goes to their house with the entire class (around 12 kids) for the “welcoming party” and is received by the girl’s grandmother who is waiting for them to come home. The house was empty, not decorated or anything that pointed out it was a party.

The woman comes home with the girl in a wheelchair and when she sees the house starts throwing a FIT

Woman: what the hell is this? Where’s everything?

Aunt: what do you mean?

Woman: the cake, the piñata, the decorations, the gifts?? If you’re going to throw her a party you at least bring her something 

Aunt: you didn’t tell me I had to make the party, you just asked me if me and the kids could come to the party 

Woman: I meant YOU make the party, wasn’t that obvious???? You’re useless

My aunt even asked the grandma and she too had understood that they were just invited. 

That woman also lied to her boss that the girl needed a special bed so he would give her the money for it (she doesn’t need it, idk what she wanted to do with it) and her boss actually BOUGHT her the bed and now she’s selling it.

Also she told everyone the girl’s liver had detached, she had broken her skull, her pelvis, both legs and needed money for a blood transfusion; even though she only broke her pelvis and legs, and healthcare (including blood transfusions) are free in our country./nI’ll keep this short.

I have a $2139 computer, it has years of old photos and files that are extremely important to me.

One day at a party, Karen and her son Damien came over, she is 42 and he is 12. She tells Damien to head over to my group of friends (15-17 y.o.) and we head to my room to play on my PS4, which connects to my monitor.

After a while, Damien enters, and he looks tired, as it’s 1:30 am, I’m surprised that he’s awake.

He asks to play, but we’re playing GTA V and plan to watch a few violent shows on Netflix later, so it would be inappropriate for him.

We explain this, but Damien doesn’t listen, and says that he will tell his mom ( he’s 12! ), and Jon (friend) leads him to the living room, where Karen is sipping on a tall glass of wine and laughing with the other moms.

Jon also explains this to Karen, and she understands (or acts like it to get out of it) and justs asks them to let Damien watch.

I’m in the room and Damien enters (I know not of the exchange that just occurred) and ask him to leave.

He starts shouting, cursing, and trying to attack some of us. He then gets my box of change and flings it across the room. It smashes my monitor. 

I did act harshly within the next few minutes, but I still believe that I was justified. I kicked him out, and pulled him out of the room, and told my parents and Karen.

Karen, now physically more drunk than before, starts yelling at me. She and Damien leave the party shortly after.

The next day is when we contact Karen to repay or replace the costs of the monitor.

She doesn’t budge and blocks out number.

My parents are telling me that they are taking legal action against them, but I don’t really know about what’s happening.

My monitor is replaced by a Wacom Cintiq (I like drawing), and I use my laptop more often these days.

Damien goes to my school, and this incident spread like wildfire. He is already fairly alone, but this incident now leaves him without many friends, everyone scared to let him near their electronics, in fear of him breaking them.

I’m sure that the cost of my monitor will be given, but I still hate that they could just block us.

I do want to take revenge, though a lot of it is being done in Small Claims court.

Tl:dr: the title

Edit: yes I acknowledge that I said desktop in the title and not monitor, mixed them up. Plz stop.

Edit 2: I’ve posted an update/nSo my parents recently opened me a bank account and my card arrived a few days ago. I was at a local store buying a new phone case and when I took out my card the lady behind me yelled

Em: HEY! Who's bank card is that? Where did you get it?

Me: It's mine...

Em: No it isn't! My son is older than you and he doesn't have one!

Her kid looked a year older than me.

Me: I'm legally allowed to have a bank account and so is your son since you said he's older than me. Now I'm going to pay and just leave.

I paid for the case and left but it wasn't over yet.

She followed me around and stopped me in front of a security guard. 

Em: HEY YOU STOP!

I keep walking but the security guard stops me after she told him what apparently happened.

Sg: Did you take her son's credit card?

Me: *sighs* No, it says my name on it and it's a debit card not a credit card.

Sg sees the card, I show him my school id card to show my name.

He let's me go and has a chat with em. I left and didn't find out what happened./nEven though I’m 14, I don’t experience entitled parents all that much, but this is easily the most entitled mom I’ve ever seen. 

School had just ended and I am sitting and waiting on the sidewalk my mom usually picks me up on. For the past two weeks, construction workers began working on the road across from this one. They had this construction worker stand in front of the road telling people to go around. Going around this road, wasn’t a hard task, it was literally four turns. Because of that, I was thinking that no one would have a problem with this.

Entitled Mom = EM

Construction Worker = CW

EM: *drives up to the worker and rolls window down*
“Excuse me, excuse me!”

CW: *walks up to her car window*
“What’s the problem ma’am.”

EM: “My son has football practice today and I really don’t want him to miss practice. We could get there faster if we used this road.”

CW: “No Ma’am, there is construction happening on thi-

EM: “What do you mean no?” *Entitled Mom starts to get loud.* “I need to get my son to practice!” 

CW: “Ma’am you must go around like everyone else.” 

EM: “Are you just gonna let my son be late to practice! You are horrible! You won’t even help a mother and her son. What is wrong with you!”

CW: I can’t-

EM: “Shame on you!”

CW: Ma’am I-

EM: “I’m getting through this road whether you like it or not!” 

She starts slowly moving forward more into the road.

CW: “NO! STOP!”

EM stops the car as CW starts getting loud out her. 

EM: “Are you yelling at a mom just trying to get her son t-“

CW: “Ma’am you canno-“

EM: “DONT CUT ME OFF YOU PATHETIC FUCK!”

I can see the child in the back seat with a scared expression on his face.

CW: “Why can’t you just go around the block?”

EM: “Because my son would be late to practice, obviously!”

CW: “Going around this street will not take that much longer.”

EM: “Are you a fucking mental patient?!”

CW: “Excuse me?”

EM: “That’s it!”

EM closes her window and gets out of the car. She walks up to the construction worker and they both start getting loud. After about a minute of arguing, there were at least 4 cars waiting behind this woman’s car. A door opens from the car behind her.

Furious Father = FF

FF: “HEY!”
*walks right up to the lady*
“GET BACK IN YOUR CAR RIGHT FUCKIN NOW! IM TRYING TO DRIVE MY FUCKING WIFE TO THE HOSPITAL. SHE MIGHT GIVE BIRTH ANY FUCKING SECOND NOW AND I DONT WANT MY CHILD TO BE BORN IN MY FUCKING CAR!”

EM: “When were yo-“

FF: “MOVE YOUR FUCKING CAR!”

EM: “Bu-“

FF: “MOVE YOUR CAR!”

At this point, the man was yelling so loud I’m surprised none of the people living here came out side to check.

EM then gets in her car, backs up and drives off. Everyone else then drives off when she’s finally out of the way. That was easily the most entitled mom I’ve ever seen./npart 1:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin/)

Part 2:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed\_you\_must\_marry\_ek\_because\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed_you_must_marry_ek_because_no_one_else_is/)

&#x200B;

So yesterday I got a call again from EK

me: who is this

EK: its me Ek

me: I blocked you though

EK: yeah i know, I changed my number

me: please stop calling me

EK: I just wan

I cut her off by hanging up, I then block the number.

I continue to do my normal stuff

&#x200B;

Around 6 pm (bangladesh 11 pm), I was watching anime (important later) ED calls the house line demanding that he speaks to me.

EGMM: Entitled maternal grandma

EGDM: Entitled maternal grandpa

EGMD: Entitled paternal grandma

&#x200B;

EGDM speaks using the loudspeaker so I was able to hear what ED was saying

EGDM: hello

ED: it's me ED

EGDM: yes

ED: is OP home

EGDM: yes he is home

ED: can I speak to him

EGDM: NO, he is busy

I was sitting right next to EGDM watching anime on my phone

ED: oh ok, tell him to call me

EGDM: Sorry, he wont be able to. He has no time

ED: just tell him to call me

EGDM : Yh whatever

he then hangs up

&#x200B;

A few hours later ED call my mum to tell her the wedding date. bare in mind that it was set without neither consulting me, my mum, my dad.

ED: so the date will be on the 6th of june. EK has holidays

My mum calls me

mum: Op record this convo(whispered to me)

me : ok

ED: I  have already booked the tickets  so don't worry about anything. I have also payed for the plane ticket and stuff.

mum: oh is that so

ED: I expect you guys  to be there on that day, I will wait at the airpport at 10:30 am.

mum: what day is the flight

ED: its on the 1st of june 2019 at 4 am

mum: what is the return date

ED: Returning, OP's dad said that you have to stay there (blaten lie, he wants me to finish my college course and go uni)

mum: on is that so

ED: YEP

Mum: well OP has exams on the 6th and he can't come. Also he doesn't want to marry your perverted daughter

ED: I DONT CARE, HE IS COMING WHETHER HE LIKES IT OR NOT

I snatch the phone off my mum'a hand

me: Fucking make me

ED: OH YES I WILL

me: I wanna see you try

ED: ARE YOU CHALLENGING ME

me: YES

At this point EGDM walks knocks on my mums door

mum: come in

EGDM: OP, GIVE ME THE PHONE

I hand hi the phone

EGDM: OP WILL NOT GO BANGLADESH EVER AGAIN UNTIL HE IS MARRIED TO SOMEONE HE WANTS

ED: YOU ARE NO..

EGDM: DO YOU WANT ME TO STOP SENDING MONEY

ED:...

EGDM: THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT

EGDM then hangs up and tell me to go into the living room with him

EGDM: What were you watching

me: anime

EGDM: COOL

EGDM walks off and enters his room, while I am left dumbfounded

That night I decided to call my dad. He was PISSED when he found out about ED's stunt.

This is the only time that EGDM AND EDMM actually helped me.

&#x200B;

edit: thank you all for the suppot. EGDM and EDMM supported ED till friday.

Please stop with the "Sweet home Alabama" jokes

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nEDIT : Thank you very much for the gold and silver awards!

Backstory : I live in NYC and I work as an employer at a small, unpopular internet cafe. I've been a worker at that cafe for 6 months. Everything was smooth ( cha cha real smooth ) until two weeks ago. Cant believed people like these even exist on the planet.
English first language but sucks too much, sorreh for grammar mistakes. On mobile.

 
Cast

ME : Worker at an IC
ED  : Entitled Dad
BS : ED's son

So here's how it happened

So it was around 7 in the evening, where it was the peak of people ( mostly teens, but ok ) came here and play games ( Even tough it was at the peak time, it was like <20 people in there), When ED and his Brat Shit came. Now please note that BS is less than 16 year old and were not allowed to be in our premises. So I try to inform ED about the policy. The following conversation ensues

ME : Greetings, sir. May I see your son's identity card, please.

ED : Why?

ME : You may didnt notice, but our policy states that your son needs to be atleast 16 years old to be in here.

ED : I dont need to, he is mature enough to be here.

ME : Ok. So whats your intention to be here?

BS : i waaant to plaaay ccss:goo

ME : Ok you can, can .... ( ED cuts off )

ED : Whats the price for an hour of usage?

ME : Ummm, but i need your son ID

ED : Why!?

ME : To ensure he is 16 years old

ED : DO I NEED TO REPEAT AGAIN? HE IS MATURE ENOUGH TO BE HERE! FUTHERMORE, HE PLAYS LIKE A PROFFESIONAL! HE DESRVES         TO BE HERE.


ME : oh ok, whats your rank in CS:GO , mate?

BS : Silver 1

ME : Ok let me tell you something straight, sir. Silver 1 is the lowest skill group, not high enough to be call "professional". And without ID, you cant use our computers.


BS : Buuut I waaant to Plaaaay CSGOOOOOO

ED : you heard it, he wants to play it, give it.

ME : Sir, with all of my respect, your son needs to prove that he is 16 years old. I will not let your son, or even YOU to use our computers if you dont show us your ID. Do I make myself clear, sir?


ED : Ok, Fuck you, if my son cant play, neither other can play. Im going to call 911 for promoting illegal activites in this premises and for assaulting my son. This way, your cafe will be shut down.


ME : Ok go ahead, just to inform you that our cafe is legit and registered, so i can assure you no illegal activites is taking place.

ED : I want to see your manager.

ME : why you want to see my manager where instead you can call the police to file a complain about our " illegal activites " 

ED : Thats it, you gonna get it from me.

He then leave the cafe while calling on his phone.

Im still waiting for the police to come to our internet cafe. Sorry if the ending is not t satisfying. If i had any updates i will let you know./nokay so this just happened, My fiancé and I decided to rent out the guest room for extra money and my fiancé put and ad up somewhere, My aunt is very religious and homophobic so when she saw she thought she could take advantage I guess? 

well we got a knock on our door and I opened it, It was EA and her 3 year old son

you all already know the cast so

EA: Hey! We need a place to stay and saw your ad! 

ME: Uh, sure? 

EA: okay so where would we be staying *walking into MY house*

ME: well theres only one room and it just has one bed 

EA: well where is EK going to sleep?

ME: uh, I have no clue unless you have something?

EA: Will you go get him a bed?

ME: What?! No! we are renting this out because we are tight on money, Why would I buy your son a NEW bed 

EA: Well, where else would her sleep the ?

ME: listen EA i haven’t seen you since I was 14 you should be lucky Im letting you stay here

EA: FINE! he will sleep on the couch! 

(I use the couch a lot to play xbox so I was clearly annoyed)

ME: Fine, lets go over payment options

EA: Payment?

ME: Yes, Im renting the room out?

EA: you never said there would be payment! 

ME: it literally said I was renting the room out

EA: Family should stick together 

ME: not when you comment bad things on all pictures of me and my fiancé?

EA: WELL YOU KNOW WHAT! MAYBE IF YOU WERENT A SINNER I WOULD NOT DO THAT!

I stopped listening at this point, EK was on the couch crying and also was begging to play my xbox, EA was screaming at me about how she shouldnt have to pay and how im a faggot and i would rot in hell, 

ME: ALRIGHT GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE

EA: YOU CANT KICK US OUT FAGGOT

ME: YOU WILL NOT USE THAT IN MY HOUSE GET THE HELL OUT

EA: MY SON ALREADY HAD HIS TOYS OUT

ME: *grabbing EKs toys and putting them back in the bag*

EA: DONT TOUCH HIM 

i finish picking them up and throw them at her 

ME: GET THE FUCK OUT

EA: HOW DARE YOU! JUST WAIT UNTIL YOUR MOTHER HEARS ABOUT THIS

ME: GO AHEAD AND FUCKING TELL HER

EA storms out and slams my door which broke the door knob, I remember walking outside and flipping her off as she left 

This happened about 3-4 hours ago as in posting this as someone is fixing my doorknob 

UPDATE: so we got the doorknob fixed and she sent a text to the family group chat calling me a faggot and how I would go to hell for not letting her stay with me and she made it look like I was the bad guy and everybody was mad at me until i told them what happened, classic EP move said I was lying but shes been known for bullshitting in your family/nWe used to live near a school zone, and the 15mph speed limit ended about 1/4 of a mile away from our neighborhood. 
My mom, my sister, and I were about to pull out of our neighborhood and turn left. We stop at the stop sign, check that no cars are coming, and start to turn, when out of nowhere, a car that was going at least 65-70 mph zooms down the road. We didn't see it coming, but I warned my mom in time to stop. That car hits us, spins out of control, crashes into a stop sign and demolished the wall of one of our neighbors. 
Thankfully, we only busted our headlight and some minor front of the car damages. Everyone in our car was fine. 
We rush over to the other car and sitting in the driver's seat was the mom (EM), and a child that was in the passengers WHILE IN A CHILD SEAT. In the USA, children that require a child seat HAVE to sit in the back, and this child in particular was no more than 5 years old. In the back, there were two other children, between 7 and 10, without a seatbelt and one of them was unconscious. 
I deal with a lot of first aid and CPR in my line of work, so I rush to help the kids. 
The mom struggles to get out of the car. I ignore her seeing the children are more important, and as I am trying to get the door open, I hear screaming. 

EM: Come help me!

Me: (feeling a little bad for ignoring her) I'm sorry! Are you in pain? Can you move?

EM: Yeah, but (this was several years ago, so my memory is a little hazy) I can't get out! You should help me first. 
Thankfully, there is still air circulating in the car, so I go over to help her. 

I pull her out, and she storms over to my mom, who was on the phone with the cops. Keep in mind, her children were trapped in the car. 
I get the kids out, and sit them on the curb, and I start to check on the unconscious one. The kid was still knocked out, so dragging her out was a bit more difficult, and I had to grab her legs and her waist to properly carry her. Keep in mind, NOTHING about this was sexual. It was literally the best and safest way to pull her out of the totaled car. 

I check her breathing, thankfully she was alright, and my best guess was a concussion. I've been ignoring EM and my mom, so I didn't hear their conversation, but my mom filled me in. 

EM: What the f is wrong with you!

My mom: (Still on the phone) one second officer, excuse me, but I'm on the phone with the cops, would you like to talk with them?

EM: *snatching the phone from my mother's hand* Hello? This crazy lady pulled out at a crazy high speed as I was driving down and my car is totaled. She is a maniac and should be arrested! She nearly killed my children. 

She smirks at my mom

Now, on the road, there are skid marks leading to where the totaled car is. There are no skid marks leading to our car. That's pretty obvious to who was speeding and who was obeying the law. 
She sees me holding her daughter and touching her waist as I pull her out of the car. 

EM: Put my daughter down, you pervert!
I was confused. I was literally trying to save her kid's life. 

I walked to the side walk and used my jacket as a sort of padding between her daughter and the ground. I check vitals, make sure that she would be all right. 
By this time the cops show up, and the EM is shrieking to them that I was taking advantage of her daughter and that my mom was intentionally trying to hurt her kids (We've never met EM before). 
My sister has gone back to our house and got some water bottles, being thoughtful enough to get an entire cooler filled. The cops were thankful, as were the kids, who were pretty nice and calm throughout the whole ordeal. 

I showed the cops my ID and explained my job position. They got an ambulance who confirmed that what I did was the right thing to do and the way I got the daughter out of the car was the best way possible. 

We think that everything is going to be calm, but oh no. 
Cop: Mam, it's very obvious that you were the one who was speeding. I think it's more than fair if you don't get the lawyers involved and you each pay the respective damages. 

EM: No way! She clearly wanted to kill my kids! She is a reckless driver and should be punished. 

Another cop, who was taking my statement, said, "(Cop's name), this woman had one of her children in the front seat and neither kid in the back was wearing a seatbelt."

We also had a digital speed camera up on the road, and a third cop went to go check it. EM not only went 75mph on a 35mph zone, but she started her speeding at the school zone WHILE THE SCHOOL WAS LETTING OUT, meaning kids were everywhere. 

She was promptly arrested, and the kids' dad was called, who profusely apologized, and they went to the hospital that the daughter was taken to. 

Edit: Interestingly enough, the wall that was collapsed was rebuilt in a week or so, but when I drove by there recently, the wall was collapsed again, and i went to go talk to the owners (we are pretty close family friends), they said another car had smashed in their wall doing a similar thing as  the EM as above. Different people, different cars, nearly 3 years apart. Same wall. 

Edit: In hindsight, I know that I should have gotten the girl first, but I also knew instinctively that the mom would have been the type to make my life hell if I ignored her. I have three more years of experience now. I was literally just starting out as an EMS and I wasn't thinking straight. Thank you for all the concern and the silver! Really appreciate it 😊/n**Cast:**
- Me = Take a guess
- M = Mom
- J = Cousin (working on the garage sale with us)
- K = Aunt (also working with us)
- EM = Entitled mother
- EK = Entitled Kid

We held a garage sale this morning, that went from 8am-6pm. The sale has a steady stream of 3-5 people at a time, but it was relatively uneventful; until about 11:30.

I was working the cash register for a majority of the time, and I found people-watching interesting from that perspective. My mom was working at the register with me, while my cousin and aunt were walking around everything, reorganizing and such.

At about 11:30, a mother (EM) and her son (EK) came walking up. I need to mention now that they’re both African American, as it’s an important detail for later. They did the expected browsing; EM looked through clothes and home decor, while EK looked at the toys, games and books.

I take a quick lunch break, so I switch out with my cousin, and I walk around the side of the garage and into the house. I get to the kitchen, when I hear the door open and close, then footsteps up the stairs. I assume it’s my mom, so I keep filling my plate.

The door opens one more time, and I hear my mom say “{my name}, are you in here?”. I respond with a yes, and she asks “Who just came in here?”. I get up to see what she’s talking about, and I can see both my aunt and my cousin are at the register.

I realize that means that it wasn’t my aunt, cousin or mom that just walked into our house, or that my mom was playing a cruel joke on me (which I felt wasn’t likely).

So now someone we don’t know is in our house, and that’s probably one of the scariest feelings. My mom goes back outside, and I go upstairs. I specifically remember closing every door upstairs (my bedroom, moms bedroom, spare bedroom and bathroom), but the door to the spare bedroom is open slightly. 

I peek into the room expecting either a  creepy old man, or a ghost. But it turns out to be... EK?

EK is just laying on the futon couch, watching TV.

“Um, hey?” I say to him

EK just looks up at me then looks back at the TV.

“Why are you in here?” I ask him

EK doesn’t acknowledge me at all this time.

“Hey. I asked you a question.” I say sternly

EK doesn’t do anything again

I walk over to him, and grab the remote and turn off the TV. He sits up and stares at me (intensely).

The front door opens again.

“Get out! This isn’t your house kid!”

I’m so glad my aunt came into the house when she did, because she heard and came up.

“Who’s this?” K asks me

“Some kid. I think his moms outside.” I respond

“Do you know where your mom is?” K asks EK

K walks towards EK, and grabs his hand. She pulls him up and takes him outside. I follow them outside (cause I’m curious what’s gonna happen, and I can tell this will make a great Reddit story), and watch K reunite EK and EM. It wasn’t as happy if a reunion as I thought however.

EM: “Unhand my son! Come here {kids name}.”

*EM walks over to her*

K: “Why was he in the house?” (Sternly)

EM: “Well that other boy walked into your house, so why can’t my son? Is it because he’s black?!” (Yes, she really stooped to the level)

K: “Ma’am, he LIVES here. Your son does not.”

EM: “I don’t care, you can’t kick my son out just because he’s black!”

J finally snaps and says: “Listen here b*tch. We never said anything about you being black, and we never said anything about having a problem with you being black. And your son can’t come into our house, because no one gave him any permission! We can, and will call the cops if this happens again.”

EM: “You can’t kick is for being black!We’ll come back with a lawyer for racial discrimination!”

J: “F*cking try me.”

EM: [Scoffs] “C’mon {kids name}, let’s get away from these racist pricks.”

The two walked away quickly. 

Luckily, no one else was there to see this scene. We continued the garage sale like normal for a few more hours. So it was a pretty eventful day./n(Repost cus the last one got deleted, mods if you see this, don’t delete it just pm me what’s wrong and I’ll fix it)

The people who read my last post and actually bothered to read the comments already have a bit of context about some stuff but for those of you who didn’t, I do swimteam, and my girlfriend does band. She also has anxiety which means she doesn’t do well with confrontations.

On with the story, I was finishing up swim practice with my team while my girlfriend waited in the stands after doing some band stuff. Once I finished I got out of water and being too lazy to change I just went and got my bag and met with my girlfriend so I could drive her home.

Now because I didn’t change, this meant I was shirtless and wet, so I began chasing my girlfriend around trying to splash her. Of course, with my luck I ran into some random mom and her kid (looks like 11) heading towards the junior high.

I immediately apologized for running into her then tried to go running off after my girlfriend who was at this point, at my car when I felt her hand clamped around my wrist holding me back. I immediately stare confused at her, thinking she maybe got me confused with her son but nope, she’s staring right at me with the most Karen glare you can think of.

“Uh ma’am could you let my wrist go?” I asked (politely, I didn’t want this to turn into another Incident like last time) “No I’m not gonna let you go kidnap that girl.” At this point I was incredibly confused, “Ma’am I think you’ve got me confused, I’m not kidnapping that girl, she’s my girlfriend.” “Bullsh*t” At this point I realize this might take a while and I signal to my girlfriend to just get in the car, tossing her my backpack and hoodie to put in the backseat.

Karen, of course takes this out of context and starts screeching at me about how “I should be ashamed of myself”, “she had caught me in the act” and so many other things that my brain just overloaded. By now, I just wanted this crazy lady to let me go home, but she just wanted to keep yelling at me. I tried to pull away but then she pulled out the “rape” accusation and I had had enough. I pulled free, went inside and got the current person working the office, who happens to know me and my girlfriend well, and pulled her outside to deal with this lady.

The lady is now trying to break into my car, screaming things about how my girlfriend should unlock the door so she could “save her and get her away from the pedophile that I am” The office aide immediately sees this, sighs, turns to me and asks “Another one?” I laughed but noticed my girlfriends face going a bit paper than it should (her anxiety causes her to have panic attacks at times) and all my attention was immediately focused on getting this lady away from my girlfriend.

I started running towards my car, telling the office aide to call the cops and basically dragged the screaming woman away. Now her kid, which had been standing there doing nothing this entire time sudden decides NOW is a good time to actually do something and started pulling on me to get me to let go of his mom. Which I did, once I got her away from my car.

By this time, one police car had pulled up and the officer was getting out and trying to comprehend what was happening. Of course, Karen immediately starts screaming accusations at me and the office aide about how we are part of “a human trafficking ring” and that “we need to be arrested for pedophilia”

The officer, though extremely confused gets her to shut up and asks who called 911. The office aide raised her hand and the officer looked to me and asked who I was. I walked over to my car, reached into the now rolled down window, and grabbed my student ID from my backpack.

Now judging from the scratches on my back the EM had put there, she was probably gonna try and play it off as self defense. But now that I could prove that I was in the right, she tried to slowly back up to her car. The police officer saw this of course and asked her to stay.

My girlfriend was now out of the car in hopes of trying to de-escalate the situation so that we could go home, and the officer saw her and asked who she was. When she said she was my girlfriend and we were just going home from my swim practice the officer walked over to the EM and said “Ma’am judging by the multiple scratches on that boys car and his back, I can arrest and fine you for assault on a minor, and property destruction, or you can give me the reason why you attacked them.

To no ones surprise the land whale started screaming about child predators, and human trafficking, which caused the officer to snap on the handcuffs and lead her away with the kid in tow. I thanked the office aide for their help, and got into my car with my girlfriend and drove off home. (I got her some fries from whataburger to make up for the incident)

We thankfully, never saw the mom again that day and learned she planned to leave town after getting released. 

-P

/nThis is a story from last summer, when my girlfriend (more info [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ce39h7/em_thinks_people_in_wheelchairs_are_convenient/)) was staying at a specialized spinal cord rehabilitation center for physical therapy and to learn how to adapt to her injury. The hospital was several states away and she couldn't use her cell phone or the internet too easily at first. It was really hard for us to keep in touch and I didn't know how she was doing besides occasional social media updates from her parents, so my mother checked with her family and the hospital that it was okay, and then arranged for the two of us to stay down there for a week so I could visit regularly before school started again for me.

It was a good visit overall, although it was sort of psychologically rough on me at times because I had to come to terms with what she was dealing with already - that her condition wasn't really changing and we had to adjust to a new normal. It was great to see her and spend time with her for the first time in two months - aside from one unexpected EM encounter.

This happened two days before I had to head back. I was there around noon and GF asked me to feed her lunch - she was tired of having to rely on her parents or the nurses all the time, and she figured if we were going to be able to hang out after she came home without a third person with us all the time, I should get some practice in taking care of her. We find a quiet spot away from the rest of the cafeteria and she sort of talked me through it. There were a few spills, but I got the hang of it and it went smoothly - until we hear the shrill tones of EM.

EM: Oh! I didn't know you had a friend visiting? You know, none of my husband's friends have visited him ONCE.

EM was kind of notorious in the rehab hospital - her husband was in for a spinal cord injury (a level or two lower than GF's) for a reason that sounds ridiculous for a man in his late 40s (a slip-and-slide was involved) and she acted like she was the only person dealing with something so horrible - when the hospital is literally set up exclusively for people with these injuries and their families. She was constantly whining about how the doctors were "useless" for not working medical miracles, and letting her two kids run around the hospital disrupting everyone.

Anyway, so GF looks at me with an expression that clearly says "Here we go again", and we're off.

GF: Yeah, my girlfriend came to visit me from \_\_\_\_\_.

EM: Oh, it's so important to have girlfriends! Who else are you going to gossip about boys with? I talk to my girlfriends all the time, but I've been really disappointed with their lack of support while my husband is in the hospital.

GF: ...Anyway, she's helping me eat lunch and we're almost done, so -

EM: (to me) It's so sweet of you to help your friend out like that! It's amazing how self-centered so many people are. I asked my friends to do some things to help us out, and they're USELESS!

Me: Girlfriend, actually. 7 months.

GF: Yeah, if we want to go out on dates after I get home, it's kinda important. Don't want my parents tagging along.

EM: Oooh, double dates? That's so cute! I bet your boyfriends can't wait wait to have you back home! (whispers to GF) I hope he doesn't leave you because he can't handle...all of this. So many people are so selfish.

I can tell GF is getting frustrated as she rolls her eyes again.

Me: (motions to her lips) Should I...

GF: (grins) Go for it.

I lean in and give her a long, lingering kiss right in front of EM's face. Her face immediately goes white and horrified, and she turns around and stomps over to the nearest employee she sees, Nice Employee. He's the head of family liaisons, so he's had lots of experience with EM, I bet.

EM: You need to do something about this! These two girls have been engaging in lewd conduct!

NE: (stares at two teenagers, one of whom is a high-level quadriplegic) I kind of doubt that. Girls, is everything okay here?

GF: Yeah, it's fine. My girlfriend just kissed me and EM freaked out.

NE: (grins) Oh, you must be Caravanofcapybaras! GF's been talking about you for weeks! Nice to finally meet you!

EM: This isn't appropriate! You should kick that girl out! Aren't visiting hours over already?

NE: Ma'am, you know we don't have standard visiting hours. She's on an approved list by GF's family and she's just as free to come and go as you are!

EM: Well, then at least tell them not to engage in offensive behavior! I have kids running around here and they shouldn't be exposed to that!

NE: Actually, I've been meaning to talk to you about that. We're really glad you and your kids are able to be here to support Husband, but we've had some complaints about your kids and boundaries. They can't be running into people's rooms disrupting them while they're resting. You need to -

EM: EXCUSE ME? Their father is paralyzed! They're going through a lot!

GF: This is a spinal rehab hospital! Everyone's going through a lot!

EM: YOU MIND YOUR BUSINESS! (to NE) And YOU! Spend less time berating a struggling mother, and more time FIXING MY HUSBAND!

She storms off in a huff and the three of us are just left staring.

Me: So...she seems nice.

That's basically it - no cops or dramatic takedowns, and I had to leave in two days and didn't encounter her again. I still wonder how long we could have kept stringing her on with the "No Homo" game if we didn't go for the kiss option.

EM: (Watching Queer Eye) I hope these nice men find wives soon./nSo, we'll start with the cast. Forgive me for mobile formatting.

Me: Hello!
EA: Entitled Aunt
UN: My uncle, EA's ex husband
GD: My Grandfather
Mom: My mother

This story happened like 2 yrs ago-ish. So, my Mom's side of the family has a family reunion at an awesome wilderness resort in PA, with cabins and stuff. Most everyone who comes (About 30-40 people total) get cabins for their own families or find hotels nearby, and most days of the reunion conclude with a little hoe-down at my Grandpa's cabin, so that's like 25 to 35 people partying in and around a cabin made for like 8 people to live in, tops. Still, it's super fun, but gets tiring after awhile.
So, me and my family had just gotten to the resort after about 6 hours of driving, so I was already a bit tuckered out, but after like another 3 hours of hanging out with family I was completely socially exhausted, so I just found a quiet corner of the cabin with a couch to just chill out and play Animal Crossing. (Gotta pay Tom Nook, man.)
Anyways, about 30 mins of playing later, in walks EA and her two kids.
Here's some more context regarding EA. She's technically not even related to our family, because UN, her ex-husband, is my mother's brother. UN and EA divorced because she was awful and abused him and their kids, and the breaking point was after she pushed him off their 2nd floor apartment balcony and broke his legs and a few ribs. In the custody dispute, she made up a bullshit story about how she was forced to do it because he'd been abusing her and her kids, and the court ate it up and she got full custody, and he got to pay her a fat check every now and then, which resulted in him having to move back in with Grandma and Grandpa after he couldn't afford rent or his hospital bills. 
In short, my whole family HATES her, which lines up nicely with how much she hates us. The only reason she comes to the reunions at all is because my grandparents made it a condition for her to bring UN's kids to see him during it, or they'd cut her and UN's kids out of the inheritance.
Anyways, she's never really welcome at the reunions, she's mainly there so that our family doesn't "corrupt" her children. We all generally try to leave her be, though, since she could very easily decide to not come and let UN see her kids if she thinks the environment is too hostile.
So, EA walks into the cabin, and immediately, the atmosphere totally changes for a little while. UN's kids are delighted to see him and go hang out with him while GD grills EA to not be a bitch to anyone (which is a warning he gives her every year)
I mostly don't take notice of this, I say hi to UN's kids and chat with them for a bit, but I go back to playing after that. Unfortunately, me talking to her kids catches the dreaded EA's attention as the partying mood starts to ramp back up. After a minute, she comes up in front of me, looking really irritated.

Me: Oh, hey, EA. You need something?
EA: Get off of that thing right now before I smash it.

Oh goody, right out of the gate with threats. I glare at her and defiantly keep my game out.

Me: What? Fuck off. What right do you think you have to tell me to do with my property?
EA: Get off it right now! You're going to rot my childrens' brains with that!

I laugh in her face because that's just so terminally stupid that I can't help it.

Me: I'm pretty sure any brain-rotting that [Kid 1] and [Kid 2] are gonna suffer won't come from me playing Animal Crossing.
EA: Wh - Is that an insult?!

At this point, I'm having fun. I put my 3DS away in my jacket pocket though and zip it up so she can't  get at it though. Since she's being loud, the family is also starting to notice.

Me: What do you mean? I'm just saying that if your kids' brains are rotting, it's probably a hereditary thing.
EA: YOU REDSKINNED PIECE OF SHIT! (Oh yeah, my Dad and me look pretty obviously Native American. Add racism to the reasons she's an awful person)

She smacks me across the face. Really fucking hard. It sounds through the whole cabin. Everyone in the house turns to see EA grabbing my jacket collar and trying to throw me off the couch. As I'm struggling with her, Mom sprints over looking like she's ready to kill.

Mom: GET OFF OF MY SON, YOU FAT WHORE!

She fucking BODYSLAMS EA off of me and onto the floor and starts beating the living shit out of her and screaming. One of my other aunts pulls Mom off of EA and has to physically hold my Mom back from hurting her even more. EA tries to get up to hit my Mom back, but UN intervenes and steps in between them. One of my older cousins comes to me to make sure I'm okay.
Mom and EA are screaming at the top of their lungs at each other by now.

Mom: Let me go, let me go! I'm gonna kill her! I'm gonna kill that fat bitch!
EA: Your shitbag little son assaulted me! I was defending myself!

GD steps in now, fucking pissed.

GD: Like hell he did! Get the fuck out of this house  NOW, you worthless sack of shit! OUT! You are NEVER welcome in this family again! You can kiss that inheritance goodbye!

EA goes white at the mention of that, and gets even madder. She tries to get her kids to come with her, but they absolutely refuse, and she then just storms off in a huff screaming obscenities at us.

EA ended up pressing assault charges on me, my Mom, and UN, but it was thrown out almost immediately. Turns out it's not very easy to file a self-defence suit when literally 30 people saw you assualt a teenager minding his own business unprovoked.

Unfortunately, that whole situation means that she's absolutely cut ties with our family and refuses to let UN see his kids at all. It's sad, but at least she won't show up to the reunions again.

Edit: Holy crap, wasn't expecting this to blow up as fast as it did :o Thanks for the silver! PS for people curious, it's not the aunt being given the inheritance (for like 100k), it's the kids, and the aunt seemed to think she'd get to take it for herself when her kids got the money, so that's why GD's threat had any impact at all. Also, the kids were 14 and 13 at the time I think and they should be like 16 and 15 now./nI have a condition known as type 1 diabetes. I have had it since I was one and became pretty good at controlling it. I just got a new insulin pump (Because my previous one was old) and it kind of looks like an iPhone. 

I was at a wedding party and was minding my own business until I feel my pump being pulled on. I look down to see that a little kid ( maybe 5 or 6 ) was pulling on it. 
Me: what the- you can’t have that it’s not a toy.
The kid runs off. I thought I was gone but he just went to get his mom.
EM: Would you please let my son have your phone?
At this I realized that the kid thought my pump was a phone. I started to explain but then this happened.
Me: sorry you can’t have it, it’s not- 
EM: YOU SELFISH TEENAGER! YOU DON’T DESERVE TO HAVE A PHONE! GIVE IT TO MY SON RIGHT NOW!
Me: It’s not a-
The EB starts crying and screams
I WANT IT!
He then starts frantically trying to pull it out, but I don’t let him. 
Me: Get your brat out of here before I call the police.
I pull out my real phone as a warning and the EM says
YOU HAVE TWO PHONES, GIVE HIM THE 
OTHER ONE
She grabs my pump and pulls it out of my skin.
My stomach started bleeding at a alarming rate.
I started to scream in pain as the EM gives my pump to EB. She then says
EM: ITS JUST A PHONE STOP SCRE-
She then noticed that my shirt was covered in blood and takes the insulin pump out of EB’s hand and gives it back to me as if she hadn’t just pulled my pump out of my skin!
EM: sorry I thought it was a phone. 
She grabbed EB by the hand and ran out of the building quickly. I walked back into the party and told my mom she drove me home and I put my pump back in. A few weeks later I noticed the spot that the pump was on got a infection. 

I saw her at Walmart the next day. 

Edit: This all happened a few years ago and I am fine. My dad alerted the police but since we didn’t know her, I can’t remember what she looked like, and I haven’t seen her in years. We couldn’t get her punished/nYeah this is a good one

So a little while ago I had my graduation party.  I’m not gonna bore you with the details but all that needs to be said is my mom has a huge network of friends. Unfortunately one of those friends is an entitled bitch.

Not gonna go into the abbreviations I trust your intelligence. 

So after a lot of planning and I mean a lot of planning my graduation party comes and our house was packed to the brim me. most of the other teenagers were hanging around downstairs there were a few little kids. For the most part nobody was stupid enough to bring little children to this party. 

No one accept EM

Now I don’t like people going into my room and I feel like a closed door should be a sign of “do not enter” but I guess I was wrong. So about half way through the party I went up to my room. Honestly I can’t remember what I was looking for but as I turn the corner I saw my door was open. 

My first thought is that my mom opened it to let my cats hide. they aren’t very social and like to hide in my room. 

Yeah nope. 

When I walk in I see EK swinging my dildo around like a nunchuck.   It’s one of those purple ones that’s double-sided so I can get why it wasn’t immediately obvious but still. 

Me”What the hell?!” I yelled grabbing the dildo out of his hands

EK “Give it back I was playing!!!”

Me “No this isn’t a toy”

EK” Yes it is it’s a nunchuck”

Me” No it’s not kid now get out of my room”

So the kid runs off. I took a moment to take a breather and to text my friend what had just happened when I hear the angry storming footsteps of entitled mom. 

EM “WHY IS MY KID CRYING!?”

Me” he went through my stuff and was playing with something that wasn’t his”

EM “I don’t care it’s just a toy don’t be selfish!”

I really tried to approach this situation delicately. I really did. 

Me “it’s not a toy he should be playing with”

EM ignoring me “honey what you were you playing with?”

EK “that one!” He said pointing to it on my bed. EM then grabs it and gives it to him in which I immediately snatch it back

ME” I told you no”

EM “STOP BEING SELFISH AND GIVE HIM THE TOY”

Me, very annoyed at this point “I’m not letting your son play with my fucking dildo!”

She paused for a sec and I thought it was over. 

You know how this goes. 

Em “that’s not a dildo it’s double sided how dare you make up such an obscene lie!”

Now that made me pause. How stupid is this woman. “It’s double sided cause my GF and I use it”

Em gasps like I just told her son about 2 girls 1 cup in perfect detail. 

“Your a faggot?!”

Now I mean no offense but I’m actually pretty proud of this one. 

“Actually I’m better cause I can go fuck your husband to”

EM” HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT TO ME!”

Me “right I forgot it’s ex husband. Now kindly get out”

Em “I’m telling your mother about this!”

Me” please do I’m a full grown adult I can do what I want”

And with that she huffed out and we haven’t heard from her since. 
 
I later told my mom and while she did scold me she also had a big laugh about it

Edit: remember kids always put condoms on your dildos

You never know whose using it. 


(Seriously though if it’s not made of silicon use condoms even on your dildos the materials may harm you)

And also YES THIS WAS POSTED YESTERDAY! It was however removed please STOP ASKING/nJust happened today, so details are fresh in my mind. 

The cast: Me: Master InfernoBrine, EM: Entitled Mother, EK: Entitled Kid, EAF: Epic Anime Fan, Nico: My Nico Yazawa Nendoroid

Here's a little backstory. I am a huge fan of the Anime "Love Live" and had ordered a [Nico Yazawa Nendoroid](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/K5b3pHCb_3Y/maxresdefault.jpg) 3 weeks ago, and it arrived yesterday. I took it to school today to flex it on my friends, and so, left school feeling happy. 

Now, to get home from my school, you've gotta take a bus to the interchange, from where you can take the [MRT](https://www.businesstimes.com.sg/sites/default/files/styles/article_img/public/image/2018/07/25/mrt.jpg?itok=d1dHvCtA) or the [LRT](https://www.straitstimes.com/sites/default/files/styles/article_pictrure_780x520_/public/articles/2017/10/03/ST_20171003_ALLRT03_3461032.jpg?itok=7b4tNF2h&timestamp=1506970380). I take the LRT, and as you can see from the picture, is rather small. The LRTs are quite crowded at this time. I get on the LRT, find a seat, and take out my Nendoroid. It is really cute, so I just like to look at it. Here's where the fun starts. 

Enter the woman of the hour, EM. Accompanied by her charming baby boy, EK. Side note: EM's English isn't that good, so I'll fill in and take out words where I find necessary. 

EK immediately starts bawling because of how crowded the LRT was. EM was trying to calm him down, but nothing was working. She gave him Oreos, which he tossed away. She gave him her phone, which he also tossed on the ground. Now, I was observing this kid for a while, and I was feeling positively sorry for the woman. Until Nico-Chan caught his eye. He was immediately silent, arms stretching for Nico. I knew what he was up to, and hid Nico in my jacket pocket. Not before EM saw, though. Side note: EK started whining AS SOON AS I KEPT IT.

EM: What's that? (Not being rude yet, most Asians don't use terms that may allow them to seem "Western". Me being the exception.)

Me: Pardon me?

EM: What did you just keep (away)?.

Me (Knowing that my cover was blown): Oh this? This is my new toy.

As soon as I took it out, EK was silent again, arms stretching for Nico.

EM (Noticing this): Can you give (it to) my boy?

Me: What, my toy? No, I'm sorry, but this cost me $70 online. 

This was true, as they stopped making them around 4 years ago.

EM: Don't lie to me. Anyway, just give (it to) him for a while only, he won't break ~~one~~ (it).

Me (remembering EK's tendency to throw stuff): No, I'm sorry. This really was $70, I waited 3 weeks for it, and I'm not going to give it to you because your son will throw it.

At this point, EM is turning red. Asian parents are easy to annoy.

EM: STOP LYING! IS THIS HOW YOU TALK TO YOUR PARENT(s)? 

The EK, who was still reaching for Nico as we were talking, started bawling immediately as his mommy started shouting.

EM: LOOK WHAT YOU('ve) DO(ne)! YOU('ve) ~~MAKE~~ (made) HIM CRY.

I roll my eyes and cross the compartment to sit on the other side. But as I'm walking, this charming woman grabs my backpack by that handle on the top which they all have.

EM: GIVE MY BOY YOUR TOY NOW!

Enter EAF, a tall teenage girl in 9th grade (We talked later on), my hero.

EAF: Let go of him. Now. He's not lying, the toy really is the price he said it was. It is a limited edition toy, and if your son breaks it, you will have to pay this boy the full money. Judging by how you look, (The woman was wearing very old clothes), you won't be able to afford half the price. Now leave MIB alone or I'll call the police on you. 

EM looked stunned. Her face was red. She stormed off the LRT at the next stop, muttering angrily about "Young People These Days", while I just stood there with a shit-eating grin on my face.

Turns out, EAF was also a Love Live fan. We talked for a while before my stop came (It was the next stop), and I thanked her for helping me out of that one. She said it was no big deal, so I went home and sat down at my computer to type this.

TL;DR

EM tries to take my toy for her son, gets destroyed by EAF.

PS: EAF reminded me of [Eli Ayase](http://pa1.narvii.com/6860/15b80bbbb2eb4808dd01f30f38a403569b3cf6bdr1-500-281_00.gif), cuz like Eli she took no shit.

PPS: I am aware you can piece Nendoroids back together if their limbs pop out, but other damage can be done, like, us not being able to find all the pieces.
Edit:
No, I didn't exchange contacts with EAF. We had less than 30 seconds to chat, my stop was literally next, and I have a crush at my own school. Pls stop telling me to ask her out or marry her or anything like that. Good to know I have your support though 👍/nNote: I tried posting this before but I din't have enough karma, now I do, so I've just reposted it, sorry if it interferes with anything.

&#x200B;

This happened about a year ago so hopefully I get everything right. I went to my local Microsoft store because they were holding an Overwatch tournament. Even though I don't play it that much anymore, back then Overwatch was my life! Bought OWL Jerseys and Merchandise, I loved it. Anyways, I went to this tournament and was apart of team "MeRcY MaIn BTW" (yes it was spelt like that). The tournament had a shared $100 prize pool which among 6 people wasn't so bad at the time. I would say 6 people but then a 7th came... EK.

The story goes as follows:

Me: Me

EK: Entitled Kid (obviously)

EM: Entitled Mother (also obviously)

E: Microsoft Employee

T1: Teammate 1

T2: Teammate 2

\*EM and EK enter the store\*

EM: Hey, is there a spot still in the tournament

E: No unfortunately, all four teams have been filled.

\*EK's face drops, so does EM's\*

EM: I'm sorry what?

E: We have no spots left.

EM: Well, make room

E: I'm sorry but these people came earlier

EM: are you saying these people have priority over my son.

\*all the players heard that and started to get agitated\*

E: I'm sorry maam, we have another tournament next week on the same day, would you like to prebook for that?

EM: No, we will be on holidays.

EK: what is that kid doing there (pointing at me)

EM: yeah, he probably doesn't play the game

\*EM then marches towards me and I knew I was screwed\*

EM: excuse me but that employee says you are no longer allowed in the tournament, let my son play.

EK: yeah!

Me: He never told me that

EM: well he told us, so get up.

\*I put my hand up to get the attention of E and he comes over\*

E: maam we are gonna have to ask you to leave. Your son has not been given permission to play.

\*EK then goes for a punch... Right in the jaw. To my surprise this kid was actually quite strong, and I am a weakling so it hurt, not amazingly but it hurt"

EK: EAT IT!

E: alright, I'm gonna have to ask you to leave

EM: he's not getting up though

T1: excuse me miss but we have been planning this for a couple of days now, on the website it warned you that teams might fill.

T2: yeah, sorry but he has more priority right now over you, we pre-booked 2 days ago.

EM: WHEN DID I ASK YOUR OPINION

\*T2 then rolls his eyes, EM didn't like that\*

EM: I'm sorry but that is disrespectful, say sorry to me now

\*EK then snatches T2's phone and bolts out the room

T2: OOOII, get back her now you little shit

EM: YOU DO NOT TALK TO MY SON LIKE THAT

T2: HE HAS MY PHONE

EM: you talked shit to him!

T2: I never even looked at him!

\*Me, EM, T1, T2 and E walk outside of the room and find that a security guard has stopped him\*

(more people SG: Security Guard)

SG: maam what is your son doing running around the store and hiding

T2: He has my phone!

\*SG searches his pockets and find the phone\*

EM: HEY THAT'S MY SONS PHONE GIVE IT BACK

SG: \*to T2\* is this your phone

T2: yes

EM: NO ITS NOT HE'S LYING

\*at this point SG knew it was one of those parents and checked camera footage to find that EK stole the phone\*

SG: maam we are gonna ask you to leave the store as your son has tried to steal private property.

EM: FINE, you'll be hearing from my lawyers!

EM and EK then leave the store and SG apologises for the inconvenience. The tournament goes on and we are in Game 3, out of nowhere 2 of the computer go out. EK had snuck back into the store and cut 2 laptop cables with scissors. EM was later on found outside the store. They were both caught and fined $250 to replace the cables. So now the tournament has 10 computers and not 12, you need 6 to a team. The tournament was called off for the day and we were all invited back next week to play. MeRcY MaIn BtW didn't end up winning but we got me and T2 all got complimentary gift cards to say sorry for what happened. Me, T1 and T2 love sharing this story to this day.

&#x200B;

Edit: OMG Thank you to the person who gave me a silver, my first one I guess/ncontext and first attack of ED  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin/) 

&#x200B;

part 1  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed\_you\_must\_marry\_ek\_because\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed_you_must_marry_ek_because_no_one_else_is/) 

&#x200B;

part 2  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep\_you\_have\_to\_get\_married\_to\_your\_cousin\_because/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep_you_have_to_get_married_to_your_cousin_because/) 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

So after EGDM gave ED a stern talking ED called a few times but then gave up, or so I thought.

Everything went back to normal, me being accused for anything that happens in the house, yelling being  dicks and all sorts of other shit. In other words everyone returned back to their entitled selves.

Fast forward 2 days week.

I get call from an unknown number at 3 am

me: hello who is this

ED: how have you been (its 8 am in bangladesh)

me: stop  calling I have a work interview in the morning. (I proceed to hang up and block him)

&#x200B;

In the morning, after breakfast EM calls  me

me: hello

EM: how dare you hang up on ED

I just hang  up and block. I then proceed to get on with my day

&#x200B;

mum: have you got any calls from ED, EM or EK

me: yes, today EM and ED called

mum: ok. If they call again give it to me

me: ayt kl.

&#x200B;

An hour later I was doing some work in my room,

EU (entitled uncle the one that watched porn on my laptop): calls me

EU: Heard you were getting married

me: no i am not

EU: Stop lying EGMD (ENTITLED GRANDMA PATERNAL) said you are

me: wtf fuck

&#x200B;

I run to my room and call ED

ED: hello

ME: GIVE IT TO EGMD

ED: so you finally accepted

ME: I haven't accepted jack shit, give it to grandma or your reputation will be tarnished right now

I begin to record the call

me: why did you day i am getting married

EGMD will not be known as EH- entitled hag

EH: EK is the perfect girl, you have no choice

As I was recording, I needed her to rage without me being rude. After she said that I would have killed her if she was infront of me

me: I will not marry EK, the wedding is on my exam day and I already have other plans in mind. Also I don't want to be stuck with some bratty teen who has no respect for elders

EH: Ek is the most respectful girl you will ever meet

me: Oh is that so. Is that why she was staring at  me while i was changing

EH: SHUT UP YOU ARE A PERVERT

This is what i wanted to hear. Everyone knew about the incident when EK was staring at me while I changed so this was perfect. EH began yelling over the phone, how i MUST marry EK coz she saw me naked and all that. She berated me for like 30 min, all the while I recorded every single word until she began insulting my mum.

me: insult me, but you don't have the  right to insult my mum

EH: SHUT UP YOU WERE AN ACCIDENT ANYWAY

I stop the recording

me: SHUT THE FUCK YOU ANCIENT RELIC. THE ONLY REASON WHY YOU ARE ABLE TO PAY FOR YOUR MEDICAL BILLS IS BECAUSE OF MY MUM AND DAD. IF YOU SAY ANYTHING ELSE, I WILL PERSONALLY STOP THE MONEY. LET ED, EM AND EK KNOW THAT THEIR MONTHLY ALLOWANCE HAS STOPPED FROM TODAY ONWARDS.

EH: you would't dare

me: Oh yes I will

EH began screaming like a banshee and at this point I hanged up.

I then proceeded to send the recording to the rest sane family members.

&#x200B;

I haven't received any calls yet, though I expect a call tonight from one of my sane uncle.

&#x200B;

Anyway, thank you for your  support./nTL;DR - A large family decide to sit in our reserved seating, shooting us dirty looks and being extremely rude to us for waiting. They take their time about eating, leaving well after our reservation time, then start a fight with us. One of the women actually get physical and wind up getting themselves in a lot of trouble. (added)

This happened about a year ago, but it's a story that my friends and I like to laugh about still, so I'm going to share it. 

Short Background: 
Myself and a group of friends have gotten together almost every Sunday for years to play Savage Worlds (a kind of tabletop RPG). We used to meet in a private but popular little pub/deli. We came in regularly and spent a lot of money there during the hours that we played. We also spent time getting to know the manager/Owner and workers there, always extremely polite and made sure to tip well. Because of our good business, the Owner offered to start reserving a special area for us that was kind of in the back and therefore slightly more private. People walking up the stairs to the second story could see us over the railing, but otherwise, we were completely out of the way. This kept the noise from the rest of the pub down for us, and visa versa. 

Our story takes place on Mothers Day, last year, which, of course is on a Sunday. Now, our GM (the one who runs the game) specifically went and asked the Owner if we'd still be able to reserve the area, since they were likely to be extremely busy, and the owner promised that the area would be reserved for us. 

The day comes and everything seems fine. The sign telling other patrons that the area is reserved is up, but, we notice that it's pushed to the side and pointing a different direction and can hear voices coming from the area. 

We walk back there and there's a family of about 7 or 8 having lunch and drinking wine. We are a little early, our reservation started around noon and we still had about ten minutes, but there are also other tables around, so we take a seat there and start talking quietly, while other members of our group trickle in. 

(Karen = Entitled Mother, Linda = Entitled Aunt, GM = Our Game Master, BF = My Boyfriend, and Me = Yours truly)
I should mention that several members of this family kept shooting us dirty looks and then turning around whispering furiously to each other. There were also three little girls with them, who weren't paying us any attention, as far as I could tell. After a while, one of the men turn to us and ask, in a would-be, polite tone: "Excuse me, but... Do you have this area reserved?" 

GM: (VERY politely) Yes, we do, starting at noon
Keep in mind, our GM is one of the nicest guys you will ever meet and does not do well with conflict. He's easily walked over. I usually am as well, but I'm quick to stand up for my friends.

Karen: (sounding much more snobby) Umm, when did they start doing that?
GM: A couple of years now...
Karen: (rolling her eyes) that's impossible, we're here *every* Sunday and we've never seen you. 
GM: (looking a little confused) well, we are here... every Sunday

They turn back to each other and begin to whisper heatedly to each other. It's at least 5 past noon at this point and these people have decided to take their sweet time eating their lunch and are shooting passive aggressive looks our way, daring us to say something as they take small bites of their sandwiches, then put them down to hold long conversations while sipping on their wine. 

During all of this, we've all remained relatively quiet, ocassionally having a conversation, to which we get death glares from the two women for apparently *daring* to talk or make any noise. The second of the two finally turns around -

Linda: Um, excuse me but... you're being pretty rude and we were here first... I don't see a sign saying it's yours. 
BF: (gets up and walks over to the sign, picking up and bringing it back, then adds sarcastically) Oh look! I found a sign!

The woman scoffs and turns back around and they continue for another 10 minutes! My BF is getting extremely annoyed at this point, he tells me he's going to go get a drink and that he'll be back and goes off, probably to keep himself from telling these people off. Karen see's him get up and go and nudges Linda, nodding in his direction and they exchange looks before alerting the rest of the group. FINALLY they begin to gather their things and are more or less shuffling out. Our GM stands and claps his hands together once 
GM: Welp, whose ready to get this show on the road! 

Karen comes storming back, getting inches from GM's face and begins screaming at him. 

Karen: What the hell is wrong with you?! You are SO rude, how dare you start applauding us leaving! I have a little girl, what kind of person are you to do something like that in front of her!

I've had it at this point and grab our GM gently by the arm, pulling him back so I can get between them. His face is bright red, and he is stammering as I do this, to which she begins mocking his stammering. 

Karen: (mocking) I-I-I-I... Shut up! I demand an apology!

Linda has returned at this point with both little girls hiding behind her. 

Karen: And your scaring my kids!

Me: First off, YOU'RE scaring your kids, second, we not only reserved this spot for noon, which you are now 20 minutes passed, but we also waited patiently for you to leave. He wasn't "applauding", he was talking to us and it wasn't even about you, so piss off!

I wasn't yelling quite as loud as she was, but I was getting up there and had moved close enough that she couldn't have gotten around me to go after him again without having some sort of physical contact with me. I wasn't trying to fight with this girl, just making damn sure that she couldn't get into his face again. 

Karen: How DARE you tell me how to raise my kids! Who the hell do you think you are?! Get out of my face!

She reaches forward and shoves me as hard as she can. I stumbled back and tripped over one of the chairs, landing badly between it and one of the tables. At this point my BF has returned, with the Owner, who had missed everything, except the shove and my landing. Both push past the girls to come help me up while the Owner turns on them, threatening to call the police. They both begin to tell her that I started it by threatening their children and they were only defending themselves, and then go on into complaining that we were rude and telling her that THEY had actually reserved this spot and we were trying to steal it. 

The owner, having reserved the spot for us herself, knew they were lying and called her out on it before going to call the police, and banning them from the store. They left before the police arrived, but they still took a statement from me and told me that I could press charges. My BF firmly said yes, but I was told that I had to make the decision, in the end I wound up saying yes, egged on by my BF, but honestly, it was the look on my GM's face that ultimately decided it for me. 

They're now banned from the establishment, and the counter employees have been told to call the police if they see either women again.

We were also told afterwards, apparently the staff DID tell them when they arrived and sat that there was a party coming in a noon and that they had to be out of the area by noon. They had been told this by at least three different people when they went up to the counter to order or pick up sandwiches. They just ignored it. 

I did wind up with a few bruises and had to go see a chiropractor weekly for about two months, but other than that I was fine. My friends all teased me for being a bad ass for standing up for our GM (I'm very much not usually that type). 

We actually did see both ladies one more time after that. They had come in, just the two of them. We watched them walk up to the back room and read the reserved sign. They looked like they thought about ignoring it, but then decided to go upstairs, shooting us dirty looks as they went. BF gladly got up and let the staff know, the police showed up shortly and kicked the women out. They threw a fit, but we didn't see the rest of it, as they took their arguing outside. 

Sorry if it's kind of long, I'm not really sure what the appropriate length is. Hope you enjoy my story though!

Edit: Thank you so much for the up votes and the gold award! That's so nice!

Edit 2: Wow! 3000 upvotes! And two gold awards! Thank you! I'm glad that everyone likes the story. 

Edit 3: A few have asked, I'd like to let you know that she did get arrested. It just didn't happen at the pub, so I wasn't there when that actually happened so didn't feel I could accurately portray it. I was told by police that she spent the night in jail and then was bailed out./nThis happened about twenty years ago. I shared a house with three other guys. On new years eve we decided to have a party and were planning to have about a dozen people over. All of us, and our guests, are around thirty years of age so of course there was lots of booze on hand. About 8pm my roommate's sister shows up with her three kids who were between five and ten years old wanting him to babysit because they decided at the last minute to go out and it is impossible to find a babysitter on new year's eve.

He told her he couldn't babysit because we were having a party. Also that he couldn't watch kids because we had already been drinking for about three hours. She said that he should tell everyone to leave because it was more important for her to go out. She also said that it was fine because he would sober up quickly. He refused and closed the door on her.

About twenty minutes later the police arrived because his sister called them saying that he refused to let the kids in the house and made them sit on the front porch when it was about 10° outside because he was allegedly throwing a party for underage people. About eight or so officers entered the house demanding to see my roommate. When he identified himself he was handcuffed and told he was being arrested for endangering the welfare of three minors.

Needless to say after the police were told what was going on and checking the ID of everyone in the house they weren't too happy with his sister. She was charged (and convicted) with filing a false police report. As far as I know they've never spoken to each other since that night./n
Ok, so for a bit of context, let me preface this a bit before getting into the incident.

&nbsp;

Here where I live the MG car brand has sort of a stigma. Well, it's more like the owners rather than the cars themselves. Obviously this doesn't apply to everyone, but a lot of MG owners here are almost like a cult. They believe their relatively cheap cars are the best, criticize other Asian cars, and compare their own to Mercedes, BMW, etc. Non MG owners can only shake their heads and laugh. There is even a meme going on about this, where sometimes people who see an MG car on the street would sarcastically shout, "HOW MANY MILLIONS DID IT COST?!"

&nbsp;

So this incident happened last month. A woman accidentally left her keys in her MG crossover with her 1-year-old daughter inside and the doors locked. This was in the daytime so it was hot. People were helping put rags on the windows to shield the kid from the sun, and they were telling the EM to just let them smash the window to open the door. She declined because she didn't want damage to her oh-so-expensive $23,000 car. They said they could all help chip in for the repair costs. She still flat out declined. People were baffled. There were even cops there.

https://www.thairath.co.th/media/4DQpjUtzLUwmJZZPGTLIn2LoFgFWEllPyfDPofr7fcDS.jpg

&nbsp;

A lady who was the wife of a locksmith tried to help, she called her husband and he told her how to jimmy the car. She tried using a wire but wasn't successful. EM called the MG dealer and had them eventually unlock the door remotely. The kid was probably in the car for half an hour.

&nbsp;

Instead of thanking the people for helping, she ended up trying to sue the lady for damaging her car (it was only scratches).

People posted this online, people criticized EM, the story spread and made the news on TV.

&nbsp;

A few weeks later a similar (but quite opposite) incident happened, this time involving a BMW. The mother told the people helping to just smash the window. So they did. She got her kid out and thanked everyone, saying her child was obviously more important than her $75,000 BMW./n***Edit: I wasn't expecting this kind of response so I'm grateful for all the interest.For those requesting an update, please remember that it was a long time ago and that while I have many many stories of this family in particular, the details might be a bit hazy. If you would like another story from this particular duo please let me know. Thanks again!***

***Edit 2: Thanks for the gold kind stranger! I'll follow this up with another story of this EP/EK duo soon, as they are a gold mine of entitled goodness.*** 

Hello everyone.

This is my first post on anything and I didn't think I had a story to contribute to this lovely thread until I read enough of them to realize that I actually do have something to share!

Tis a long one so i apologize if you read all of this :O

TL;DR at the bottom :)

To preface this all, I used to work in an afterschool care. So once the kids in my primary school (Elementary school) had finished school for the day at around 3ish about 60-70 kids would then come over to our building ( on campus) and chill out until their parents came to pick them up around 5:45pm.

We would give them afternoon tea and then watch over them as they pretty much just play games and do arts and crafts and such. A lot of the kids that we looked after were full-time kids meaning that we had them 5 days a week , and most if not all of the holidays from 8am -6pm meaning that all in all, I'm spending a lot of time with other peoples kids as a sort of Pseudo-Guardian/Parent/role model, so using manners and general good behavior is extremely important to me as it helps to inform the rest of their lives.

During my time here I had an interesting run in with an entitled parent and their equally if not more entitled son.

Bear in mind that this all happened at least 4 years ago so the details might be a bit hazy, but such an obvious lack of respect from both parents and children made this encounter stay in my mind.EP - Entitled Parent

EK - Entitled Kid

Me - Me

HS - Head Supervisor

\*(me playing with a soccer ball in the school hall with a few other kids)\***EK** comes up to me and grabs my shirt.

**EK**: Give me your ball.

**Me**: Uhh... sorry man! we're playing with it now \*points at other kids\*, but you can jump in the game if you want!

**EK**: I said give me the ball.

**Me**: Sorry kid, not with an attitude like that, however if you wanna join in the game with us, by all means.

**EK**: You know I'm your boss right?

**Me**: Excuse me?**EK**: give me the ball now or I'll have you fired.

**Me** (*flabbergasted at such a blatantly rude attempt to intimidate me)* : Once again, No deal, but thanks for playing!

*EK storms off and I think nothing of it until later closer to home time, EP joins the battle and confronts me.*

**EP:** Why did you steal the ball off my son? What the hell were you thinking?

**Me**: Oh, is that what he told you? No, I was already playing a game with a group of kids when he demanded that I give him the ball we were playing with. Now, had he asked nicely and used his manners , I would've considered it and I would've started a different game however, I don't reward disrespect and rudeness here.

**EP**: He doesn't have to use his manners. You're getting paid to do whatever you have to keep him happy. You've ruined his day and mine. I hope you're happy. I'm going to have a word with your supervisor. You're not fit to look after children.

*At this point, I'm pretty incensed about being told I'm not fit to look after children so I go off on this lady.*

**Me**: Me? Listen lady (polite mode slightly turned off). I don't reward bad behavior. If you don't like how I do things here then by all means, there is a fine after school establishment up the road that will be more than happy to accommodate you and your family. Bear in mind, no one would put up with such rude behavior.

**EP**: HOW DARE YOU. WE'VE BEEN HERE FOR YEARS, YOU CAN'T TALK TO ME LIKE THAT.*Storms off and starts talking to HS.*

HS (A very fair, kind but firm lady) doesn't have a bar of it though as this isn't the first time EK had been acting up. HS calmly explains to EP that she supports my decision and that if they indeed do have a problem, then they should try the other after-school care program up the road. (We had a waiting list of about 30 kids so replacing them wouldn't be an issue)EP, after finding out that there was a higher chance of being kicked out of the program rather than me being fired, stormed out of the office with EK in tow.

This wasn't my first battle with crappy parents and it certainly wasn't my last. I'm glad I didn't get fired as well.

Thanks for coming to my TED talk.

TL;DR: Kid doesn't get what they want, jilted parent tries to get me fired and gets shut down by Head-supervisor./nEdit 1: Thank you, StoryFrog,  [**TeamWnJ**](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_rFHPE6tVi6BzRbRaGN1pw)  


Hi all, before the story I have to tell you about my medical history. I have ADHD and sometimes I can feel tendencies of my medical problem come back. Examples: when I see kids run sometimes, a small part of me wants to run too but I know if I run, I won't have energy later or when I hear a song I know, I used to sing in public but now am self-conscious as others may prefer the original song as I like to sing in part. I used to have to take medication (**Dextroamphetamine)** and this is used to force concentration for 4 hours per half tablet and that was the dosage I was taking. On to the Story:

Cast: EK = Entitled kid EM = Entitled mum ET = English teacher C = coach me = My Ear

During year 8, (Sec 1 or 1st year of junior high) I had a bully who knew I had this medication in my special sandwich (sugarloaf) and sometimes would exploit me for my medication during the exams time. Sometimes I just squash the sandwich into an edible ball and force the ball into my mouth but one day He took the sandwich before I could squash it and he just ate it.

I knew from the first time I took the medication, you feel really high and ready to concentrate but the hangover from the medication was terrible. you have a splitting migraine and you are really sensitive to sound, light, and smell. Once since I got used to the medication, the only hangover effect I still can remember was enhanced smelling. I remember 1 saturday, as I just woke up and still in my bed when, suddenly I could smell curry leave and lemon grass, uncut. Then I knew my mum was cooking curry that day but back to the story:

As it was the first time taking my type of pill, he had a slightly longer dose. As I were heading home, I saw my bully, thanking the teacher while behaving like a goody two-shoes as he was also heading home.

Next day, before school started, my bully's teacher asked my homeroom teacher if I was allowed to have a word with him, she agreed as I walked and chatted with him. He was the head english teacher and he was also a counsellor, he also knew the students that had "problems" and had needed medication. He questioned me if bully had taken anything from me, I asked him "If he did, was I in trouble?" He told me to answer truthfully and I told him about my sandwich and the pill and how it was difficult to concentrate in Chinese yesterday but since I'm from Singapore, I just pushed through. He then commented "No wonder that little bastard was a kiss ass, yesterday" He told me I may need to stay back in school a little, then i reminded him that classes ended at 12 as there was sports from 1 to 5. He told me he'll talk to my couch that I could go off earlier as he and I had a meeting with EM. Day went normal until we meet for sports and the coach approached me, "ET told me you had an incident with EK, you can leave at 4."

Everything was well then C reminded me I had to report to ET office and told me to leave earlier as I had to shower (I smelled) and luckily I had the time to calm down from the anxiety from meeting a parent, thought I was going to be in trouble. I arrive at ET office around 4:15, he welcomed me and told me not to worry, I was the victim.

I saw the clock slowly moved from 4:15 to 4:30 then to 4:45, then I heard the EM stumbling into the teacher's office with EK in tow. When EM arrive at ET's office, I was still outside ET's office as I saw EK smirk thinking I was in trouble. I couldn't hear what was happening in the office but then EM exited the office came down to my height and asked:

EM: Did my son take your sandwich?

I nodded, and was surprised what happened next. I receive a gigantic hug. I was shocked why then she told me to enter ET's office.

ET had explained to EK what was happening to him as he took the pill, then ET looked at me and then told EK to thank me. Why? Why was EK going to thanked me?

ET had suspected EK had ADHD and realize that after taking my pill, his attitude and concentration had changed like a kid with ADHD. EM had suspected too but every time EK was tested, he seem fine but yesterday was different. Normally EK would be struggling to sit at his desk to do his homework but yesterday, without EM having to scream at EK, EK started doing his homework on his own and had completed it without distraction.

Although this meant that EK and I were going to have a class together (Special Needs class) this meant my bully has turned into a friend but that also came with consequences for another story

This happened over 15 years ago so the details may be sort of unclear

Sequel is here  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b4hsap/my\_bully\_turns\_into\_a\_friend\_but\_the\_em\_tries\_to/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b4hsap/my_bully_turns_into_a_friend_but_the_em_tries_to/)

[https://youtu.be/xLlmoJoushY](https://youtu.be/xLlmoJoushY) [https://youtu.be/Hvf-QS75EYY](https://youtu.be/Hvf-QS75EYY) /nThis one really fucked with my head and I wanted to put it out there to get the image out of my mind. Not entirely sure if this belongs here because it has a weird and disturbing twist at the end.

This happened in Vietnam at the airport and on a domestic flight within the country. I’ll preface by saying I don’t speak or understand Vietnamese but I don’t think it was necessary to get the gist of what was going on.

We’re all standing in line waiting to board the plane, which is quite large and it’s a packed flight. There are two lines; premium tickets (first class) and the rest of the unwashed masses. The premium tickets are yellow/gold and the plebe tickets are blue. I have a blue ticket because I’m a broke mf. 

This is where entitled parent enters. She is maybe in her late thirties and is well dressed. She’s quite short but you can tell her personality/attitude adequately compensated for her short stature. With her she has her son. I would say he’s around 16. Throughout this entire event he never spoke a word and only stared off into the distance or played a game on his phone. When he looked into the distance he had a 1000 meter stare. Like he’s seen some shit. 

When she reaches the front of the premium boarding line she is turned away because she doesn’t have a premium ticket. It’s quite clear she has a blue ticket like the rest of us. She starts yelling at the staff and making gestures about how long the regular boarding line is. I don’t have to understand Vietnamese to know she was trying to make the point that she had already stood in the premium line so they should go ahead and let her through. 

When they continue to refuse, she takes her son by the wrist and drags him over to the front of the regular line. Which at this point has not started boarding. Observing the way she handled her son like a little child and the way she yelled at people I was getting strong narcissist vibes. She then starts yelling at the people at the front of the line to let her cut in front because she’s been standing in the premium line already. They’re having none of it. A yelling match ensues. She repeated took her son by the shirt and tried to use him as a shield to shove her way into the line. He remains silent and stares into the distance as his mom repeatedly tries to throw him into the line to make room. 

I have a front row seat to all of this as I got in line early so I’m only about 10 people from the front. I then watch as she physically shoves someone to the ground and takes their spot, holding her son by the wrist and pulling him into the spot with her. At this point the staff intervene and pull her aside then we begin boarding. As we pass her she is obviously peeved she isn’t boarding with us. 

As an American I assumed if she assaulted someone that would be the end of it. She wouldn’t be allowed on the flight and I could have a peaceful trip. Boy was I wrong. Way wrong. I sit down in my aisle seat and wait for the next two seats on my row to be filled. Sure enough, here comes entitled mom with a smirk on her face. I’m shocked she was even allowed on the plane after the incident in line and it seems she’s proud she got away with it to. I thought to myself “how funny would it be if they sat next to me”. I guess I jinxed myself because sure enough she walks up, makes a grunting noise pointing to the seats and waves her hand for me to get out of the way. 

I let them sit down and settle in hoping this 2 hour flight will go by quickly. It did. But not without a healthy dose of psychological trauma first. Throughout the flight she kept doing “little” things which were weird and totally narcissistic. Like making her son reposition his shoulder/body so she could use him as a pillow. Her son was in the middle and she was at the window. At one point she took her shoes off and shoved her foot in the gab between the chair in front of her and the window and tried to rest her foot on the arm rest of the person’s chair in front. As she was about to do the same with her other foot on the other side of the chair the person in front shoved her foot back. Not having it. 

Then.... it happened. About 15 minutes before landing, she suddenly spins around to look at the boy. She bites her bottom lip with a smirk on her face. Slides her hand up the boy’s leg. And grabs his dick.       
Yes, she grabbed his dick. During this whole time he maintains his thousand meter stare into the back of the chair in front of him. 

I can’t get this image out of my mind. I have 90% certainty this was her son. He was young, and she treated him like a little child. Suddenly, all of the ways he acted made sense. I honestly think this kid was a result of abuse by his mother. 

TL;DR    Entitled mom thinks she’s entitled to her son’s dick.

Edit: She had a Karen bob cut
Edit 2: As for reporting her. I don’t speak Vietnamese and as I already suspected and a lot of ppl have pointed out. The police/government wouldn’t do jack shit about this. Which is extremely sad. 
Edit 3: I would also like to add this goes to show it doesn’t matter race, nationality, or where you are in the world. We’re all humans with entitled parents amongst us./nEDIT: Part 2 is out if you want to read it just click on my profile

Hello misery box, bumfris and rslash and welcome to the stupidest parent in the universe. This is a really long story so grab some popcorn and a chair cause we are in for a bumpy ride.

This story takes place in year 6 of primary school (10/11yr olds for all you American people) I live in a small village where there is a very high rated school that helps teach kids the world more realistically and lets them know how to handle real situations. However I had nowhere near enough knowledge to handle this shitstorm.

Now I had just broken up with this random girl (remember primary school so nothing was serious) when at the end of the day as I was walking out I was hit in the back of the head. Hard. I turned around to see the little girl (whom we will call EK) giggling.

Me: What was that for?

EK: I hate you!

She then proceeded to run off towards the exit. While I don’t remember word for word what happened (bear in mind this happened a hell of a long time ago) I do remember going up to my mum who insisted I get an ice pack. So we went back inside and the office/reception gave me one and told me I could keep it till tomorrow and I could rest for a while if I wanted too. So I sat down and was talking to my mum about the day and how I had broke up with EK when we hear shouting from the reception. Me and my mum look up to see EK and EM shouting and screaming to where out where “That little shit is” (This was the first time I ever heard a swear word) when EK looks around and see’s me sitting in a chair with an ice pack.

EK: There he is!

She point directly at me  and the bitchiest mum turns around, you know the one with the “let me speak to your manager” haircut and the white handbag with the little dog in it (dogs weren’t allowed in the building anyway as some kids were allergic) So this pretty large woman legit runs at me and this is where I lose memory and we go over to my mothers perspective. Why did I lose memory here you ask? Well that is because this bitch PUNCHED me and completely knocked me out. Now this is told from my mom so it won’t be word for word but still stupid anyway.

My mum: GET BACK FROM MY CHILD NOW!

EM: HE HURT MY DAUGHTERS FEELINGS!

My mum: THAT IS NO EXCUSE TO PUNCH HIM!

My mother signals to a first aid teacher who we will call nice teacher or NT.

NT: Are you there me? Can you hear me?

My mum: This crazy lady punched my child and I think knocked him out! Can you get some help?

EM: He doesn’t deserve help! My daughter was HEARTBROKEN when he CRUELLY left her! She deserves better!

NT: Are you insane? Punching a child because your daughter couldn’t just talk to him herself? And you have no right to treat a kid that way!

My mum: Will he be ok?

NT: I think so but we may have to call an ambulance over just to be sure.

(I know an ambulance seems overkill but they didn’t know that I was only knocked out and wanted to prevent any long-term injury’s) Anyways, NT runs over to reception to call an ambulance but while running away she shouts,

NT: Someone remove EM from the premises!

So the only natural thing for an EM to do is lie to literally anyone she see’s saying NT “wasn’t talking about her”

My mum: Get out of here now you asshole!

EM: Don’t you call me an asshole because your son doesn’t know what respect and loyalty to women is!

Side note: I don’t actually remember exactly why we broke up but I think it had something to do with another kid who we will call kid 2 or K2.

My mum: How dare you talk about my son that way!

EM: You’re just jealous that my daughter is going to end up with someone better like K2!

My mum: (now starting to cool off) Can you just leave? You’re clearly not welcome here and the only reason you aren’t out of here already is because you physically attacked my kid!

EM: This isn’t over!

Now I have no memory’s of the rest of that day but apparently I was taken to hospital and eventually given the all clear to go back to school a couple days later. Big mistake. Through the whole day EK was pestering me about how I am going to be jealous when she gets with K2 and at the end of the day she forced me to watch her ask K2 out in front of her mother. While I wasn’t exactly forced it felt like I had to be there in case anything funny happened

EK: K2! Over here!

K2: What is it?

EK: Can we go out?

K2: No thanks.

Now me and K2 we’re walking away when this bitches mum shout for us to come back, I go and turn around but K2 legit jumped over a fence and bolts (He lives fairly close and walks home by himself so this wasn’t much of a problem) Back to the story however I have just seen my mom and so I try to run over to her but EM GRABS ME BY MY COLLAR and holds me back in front of all of the other parents.

EM: Listen here you little shit!

Me: (fucking terrified) Y-y-yess?

My mum: Step away from my child NOW!

I manage to pop free of this villains grasp and yeet myself behind my mum using her as a human shield.

EM: You can’t tell me what to do!

My mum: Neither can you so stop taunting my child and leave us alone!

EM: (pretending to cry) All I wanna do is have a happy child! And you won’t let you’re child and mine be happy!

My mum: (having none of it) Leave. Us. Alone.

(Any narrators now is the time to take a big pause)

Me: (being the bravest fuck in the world) I don’t want to be with EK she’s mean!

EM: Listen up kid. You’re a smart asshole who think you can do what you want. You can’t. You will date my daughter. You will teach my daughter any homework. And you WILL stay with her for as long as she wants.

Bravery moment over I did a second yeet to behind my mom who with her hand behind her back hands me the car keys. Now almost all of the parents were dead quiet this entire time but if this Entitled ass will only listen to authority, we will get authority. I take these car keys and start spam pressing the emergency button which sends a message to the police department that someone is in an emergency. 

My mum: ( in the scariest cold voice ever ) Inside. With me.Now.

My mum and EM storm into the building me close behind.

NT: How can I help?

EM: This lady threatened to cut me with a knife and I want her removed from here forever!

My mum: Bullshit. You grabbed my son by the collar, taunted him and now seem to think you can choose his relationships?

NT: Let’s look at the CCTV footage.

EM’s face drops. A smirky grin turns into a pasty white face real quick. Upon further inspection My mum was told that they would have EM removed from the building and they called security. Security arrived and had to DRAG this bitch out but as she was being pulled out she BITES one the the security guards.

(Narrators enter another pause here)

Right in front of the cop car that has just shown up to see if our car was stolen. Karma the bitch had finally worked. The cop immediately ignores the car and comes up to see what the fuck is going on.

To summarise as I don’t want this being any longer the EM got arresting for assaulting a child and verbally abusing a child. EK was also expelled from the school and my mum got a restraining order on EM so she isn’t allowed within 500m of Me or My mum.

No there were no stolen Nintendo switches, no she wasn’t in prison forever (and I actually have another story about her when she got out) and hell no is this a happily ever after but I still was relieved it was over with.




/nThis is a short one. 

I was standing in line at my local supermarket waiting for a free self serve register when a short stubby lady (standard Karen haircut) walks to the front of the line and announces loudly she's in a rush and must go see her darling childs ballet practice. 

A man a few spots behind me yells out:

"Get to the back of the line Karen Noone cares"

She turns around, face turning red and yells back

"HOW DID YOU KNOW MY NAME! DID YOU STEAL MY WALLET! SOMEONE HELP"

I instantly burst out laughing, I couldn't stop.  
Being a long time lurker of this sub it was amazing to witness.

There was more back and forth between the two but it was mainly both of them swearing at each other. I was gone before it was over but didn't stop giggling for the rest of the day./nAlright, this is really cliché but, I’m on mobile, sorry for bad formatting.
Little backstory on me, I’m a 17 year old boy, I have short black hair and really dark eyes, my name is Levi, yes I know, makes you think of Attack On Titan right? I’ve had plenty of stories where girls ask me out and I explain to them that I’m gay and hey understand, but this one went wrong. 

So me and my boyfriend, Milo, are sitting in one of our classes waiting for it to start, it’s our last hour and we sit next to each other, and this girl who is our age who was really into attack on Titan was in our class, but she never spoke to me and she didn’t know my name. 
I won’t insult your intelligence by telling you who’s who. All I’ll say is that M is for my boyfriend Milo and A is for the girl since her name started with an A. 

Me and M are talking and he says my name just as they girl walks past us, she all the sudden stops and starts squealing, pushing M away from me and turning me around 

A- your name is Levi?! Like Levi Ackerman! You look kinda like him too! 

Me- uh, thank you, but my names just Levi (insert my last name here) 

A- so are you single? I’ve always liked Levi from Attack On Titan! I’ve always wanted to date him even though he isn’t real! 

All of the sudden she just sits her ass down right in my lap. I quickly as possible push her off and stand up, hiding behind M. 

A- what was that for baby!? 

Me- don’t call me baby. I already have a boyfriend.

A- BOYFRIEND?!

Then she just starts screaming like a banshee and eventually the teacher walks in and tells us to sit down. We all do and do our work in the class, but A keeps staring at me with this deadly glare. 

After class is over, me and M walk through to the campus to get back to our dorms, when A comes up with her mom. A looks pretty happy and I get hella scared. All of the sudden she pushes M off me and clings to my arm, practically humping it. 

A- see mom! This is my boyfriend, Levi! Doesn’t he look just like the anime? 

Me- I’m not your boyfriend. I’m gay.

I push her off and M walks over, wrapping his arm around my waist and pulling me close. EM looks dumbfounded 

Em- I thought you were dating my daughter?!

Me- no, I’m dating M. I’m not even straight! 

A- MOMMY I WANT HIM TO DATE ME! 

Em- why won’t you just go out with my daughter?! She’s much better than him! Stop being such a disgusting faggot and date her! 

I can tell at this point M is getting pissed when I look over at him, to prove a point (I guess) he grabs my shoulders and turns me to face him then just smashes his lips into mine and kisses me. I of course kiss back to prove the point and at this point both of them are screaming when security comes over. We try to explain what happened but they keep screaming and Em tries to say I tried to r*pe her daughter. Security checks the tapes but Em and A ran off and left before they could catch them. 

I haven’t seen them since and me and Milo are still together and we laugh about it to this day. 

Thanks for reading! Have a lovely day on this hell of a sub redit 
/nHey guys! Got another story for you guys. This just happened yesterday, so I had to put it here.

On mobile by the way.

Some context: My grandpa passed away a few years ago from small cell lung cancer. Although, it's been kinda hard making it by financially without him, we have been doing relatively well. My grandpa left us some stuff when he died, but the most important (and most treasured) belonging of his was his 1983 Dodge Ram pickup truck. I mean, this thing was his baby. He never let anyone else touch it, not even my brother, whom he trusted with everything. Put simply, our financial status left his truck as our only means of transportation (we lived in the middle of nowhere, so we couldn't walk to any stores or anything. Okay, sorry to ramble. Let's dive into the story!

Me- Joker (my nickname)
Mom- M
EM- Entitled Mom
HD- Humble Dad
PO- Police Officer 

So, M and I were shopping for groceries at Walmart. We parked the truck near the front, and saw some weird people staring us down as we got out. Unbeknown to us, these people were HD and EM. I didn't think much of it, and M didn't seem to care at all. We locked the truck and went inside. I noticed that EM was following us at a distance. I couldn't tell if it was intentional or coincidental, so I paid no mind to it. We only saw her a few times, but right before we were done, I saw her leave. As we started to head to the checkout, I noticed HD and EM talking to each other outside the doors, giving us occasional glances. At this point, I felt like something was up. After we finished purchasing and bagging everything, we headed outside to see HD standing next to the truck, looking in the window with his hands pressed to the glass. EM was standing next to him, looking over his shoulder. We walked over and confronted them. The following conversation ensues.

M- Excuse me, what are you doing to my truck?

*HD backs off of the truck*

HD- Oh, sorry. I was just admiring it. What is it, an '87? '88?

M- It's an '83. We've had it for quite a while.

EM- Really? We used to have a truck just like this. 

M- That's neat, huh Joker?

(At this point, my suspicions are confirmed.)

Joker- M, can we get heading out? I'm getting really tired. (I actually was pretty dopey due to my meds, so I wasn't lying.) 

M- Yeah, we do need to be getting home. You guys have a nice day.

EM- Hold on a second. Where did you guys get that truck?

Joker- It belonged to my grandpa. He passed away a few years ago and left it to us.

EM- Do you know exactly where he bought that truck? 

M- Yeah, he bought it from a dealer in 1982.

EM- I don't think that your grandpa has been telling you the truth. You see, he stole our truck from us. 

Joker- No, he didn't. My grandpa bought this off the showroom floor. He didn't steal it from you. 

EM- That isn't true. We lost our truck a while back, and he took it. Now we want it back.

M- Sorry to disappoint, but you aren't getting shit lady. I was a little girl when my dad bought this truck. My mom and I even went to the dealer with him. 

*EM then starts screaming like a fucking banshee.*

EM- STOP LYING! YOU ARE GOING TO GIVE BACK OUR TRUCK, OR ELSE I AM CALLING THE POLICE, AND HAVING YOU ARRESTED FOR GRAND THEFT AUTO!

*My mom then starts to get in the truck, and tells me to get in as well.*

EM- DON'T EVEN THINK ABOUT LEAVING WITH OUR TRUCK!

She then grabs my mom by the arm, and yanks her out of the driver side. (The truck doesn't have seperate seats, but rather one large bench-type seat.) M falls to the ground, and then EM takes the keys and starts to get in the truck. I walk up and clock her straight in the jaw, making her drop the keys, which I happily pick up. 

EM- That truck belongs to us! We can finally give our son a working vehicle, and I won't let you stop me.

*A police officer then pulls into the lot, notices us, and drives over. He gets out of his car.*

Thank God that this particular PO was an awesome guy, and was super chill.

PO- What seems to be the issue here? 

EM- I just had to pull this lady out of our truck because she tried stealing it from us.

My mom gets up and leans on the bed of the truck, clearly hurt. The officer helps her up.

*PO looks at me*

PO- What's your name, bud?

Joker- My name is Joker.

PO- I presume this is your mom, correct?

Joker- Yeah, that's my mom. We tried to get in our truck, when this lady pulls her out of it. 

*I explain the ordeal to the officer, having to talk over EM's screams and remarks.*

PO- Can you verify that this vehicle truly belongs to you? 

M- Yes I can officer.

She then gets into the truck, pulls out the insurance card and registration. They both have my mom's name on them, which she compares to her driver's license. The names and everything match, of course.

PO- Okay. This definitely is your vehicle.

*EM interrupts the PO, damn near throwing a tantrum*

EM- SHE IS A FILTHY LIAR! SHE STOLE THOSE FROM ME! 

She then reaches for my mom, to which the PO blocks her. She gets mad and-

*SLAP*
 
Right to the PO's face.

The PO is officially done at this point. She gets tackled to the ground and handcuffed, all the while kicking and squirming.

PO- Ma'am, you already assaulted both a civilian AND an officer, you clearly attempted to steal their vehicle from them, and now you are resisting arrest. You aren't getting out of this one.

The PO puts her in the back of his squad car. The EM turns absolute batshit demonic at this point, yelling profanities, and acting literally insane. Luckily, she was weak, and couldn't do any real harm. 

The PO apologized for the trouble, shook my hand, and gave me a pat-on-the-back bro hug (again, super cool.) He left, leaving the HD by himself.

HD- I'm really sorry that you had to go through that, and not helping calm the situation. I didn't want to seem like a bad guy, being with her. Plus, it would have made it worse if I went against her.

We left on good terms. The story had a happy ending!

Needless to say, we pressed charges against her for assault and attempted theft. She is now in jail for a while.

EDIT: Thank you guys for all of the glorious upboops. They are sincerely appreciated.
I've never gotten this much attention on a post before, so thank you very super much!

EDIT #2: Yes, my nickname is from Persona 5, and I love all of the P5 references. Thank you much!

EDIT #3: Here is a picture of my truck. A few people were wondering, so here ya go.
http://imgur.com/gallery/s6anKBh/nI've posted this on the subreddit, but since I have enough karma, I decided even more people should be able to know about this and see it on the original r/entitledparents and be aware of these situations.

I'm still shook by this. This happened a month ago. I know this will be buried somewhere but here it goes. 

I was walking out to a food store just across my high school to get some Gatorade with my football teammates after morning practice (which ended at 12:00, the heat already 100 degrees.) We go out of the store, Gatorades in hand and about to hit a hotdog joint, when we hear a baby crying. No big deal we thought, until it hit one of my buddies (let's call him Ethan) that it sounded a bit muffled. So we move our eyes around the area until one of my other buddies (let's say Marcus.) Spotted two babies in a car in obvious distress. In. 100. Fucking. Degree. Weather. With NO PARENT. Of course, the car is hot and locked. Ethan without even thinking decides to draw attention, while Marcus begins calls the police. I have a Brother who works in military, and he taught me that when in a similar situation to hit on the outer parts of the car windows, which are weaker than the inner parts of the windows, (spark plugs are a bonus) So I ask someone to grab something blunt but that can also fit into the palm of my hand. When given to me, I did what I was taught and the car window with said blunt object and shattered the window in two hits (had to hit the driver window as to not have glass spray in the face of the toddlers.) Coincidentally, EM is walking out and she drops her things and shoves me down to the ground attempting to mount me to assault me, in the middle of a fucking crowd. Ethan and a few other bystanders already break it up. Dialogue is a bit shaky considering all of this happened so fast, but it goes something like this. 

EM: NO! DONT LET HIM STEAL MY STUFF!!

Marcus: (hears what the hell this bitch had said) Um...what.

Me: You left your kids to die in a hot car at ONE HUNDRED FUCKING DEGREES!

EM: *attempts to slap me* Do NOT cuss at me! I am your superior! I went in to grab what I needed which wasn't even FIVE minutes. Yet you attempted to rob my belongings and kidnap my children!

Me: A lot of shit happens in five minutes you cunt!

Ethan: Ma'am, you can't be serious, you're worried about being robbed when your childr-

EM: They were fine where they were! Yet your accomplice disturbed them from their nap! Now I have to deal with their shitty mood when we get home!

By this point a couple of bystanders have the children out of the car. Another bystander steps in. 

Bystander: You're damn well lucky they didn't go into eternal napping 

EM: Like you give a shit about my children, this pedophile (pointing to me) could have possibly taken my children! And you didn't do shit. Call the police someone! 

Marcus: No need Satan, I already did so. 

EM is visibly pissed at what Marcus had called her, but calms down when she is told the police are coming to our location. EM is arguing with a couple of other bystanders as Ethan tries to help me cope with my anxiety and Marcus still on the phone with the operator. Once police arrive, EM is already on the case. 

Cop: What's the problem ma'am? (Approaching EM)

EM: This pedophile (pointing to me again) tried to kidnap my children! I wanna press charges!

Me: What the fuck, I did not try to take your children, your dumbass left them in the car in this type of heat!

Luckily Marcus and Ethan was there to back me up. But apparently it did not satisfy this bitch of a mother. So cops went to all stores possible that had a camera. One camera showed clear as day that my buddies and I saw the children in distress, a crowd being drawn, and me breaking into the car. The final nail in the coffin was when the children were escorted out if the car. And once it was proven that the car belonged to the mother and my squad was acting on valid and resonable Intent, she was arrested, but not before having a fit and trying to assault me and cuss at me, and watching herself being dragged away from her children.

Sidenote: I was also asked if I personally wanted to press charges on the woman for attempted assault but I didn't press, because in the end it was about the children rather than me. However the city is still pressing charges, and maybe even the state...?

To summarize: My buddies and I save a couple of children, Mother goes insane and tries to assault me, Cops end up arresting her instead.

Still awaiting court but with the amount of evidence gathered, shouldn't take long.

Update: talking to DA about pressing attempted assault charges.

Update 2: EM is pleading guilty to  2 counts of child endangerment. CPS is going to present a case to argue the mother should have her children taken away.

Update 3: Entitled mother has been sentenced to 4 years for child endangerment, and attempted assault (brought on by the state) and the children are staying with the father. Thank you guys so much for the support it means a lot. I love this community.  <3/nSo this was back around let say 5 years ago. I was working the entry way to this Theme park in my city. I don't know if it's just in Canada where you have pay to get into a theme park but that is what we do here. Then when your inside you pay for whatever rides, games, or food you want. So in my booth we have 4 people plus the supervisor behind us in case shit goes down. So here are the players. Me, Co-worker, Supe,  Kid 1, Karen (EM).

&#x200B;

So along comes these kids who give me 10 coupons that are 2 for 1. they are all excited. So i'm doing the computer stuff and putting the coupons in the right section. So the computer spits out the final total which was around 200 i believe.

&#x200B;

Kid 1: Huh?

Me: 200 dollars please

Kid 1: Why?

Me: That is the total it came out with.

Kid 1: But it's 2 for 1.

Me: yes, and the total is 200.

Kid 1: No , it's 2 for 1.

me: Yes, but the total comes to this amount.

Kid 1: No that isn't right.

Me: Yes it is. How will you be paying, cash or credit?

Kid yells over at his mom and shouts the final price.

&#x200B;

Like a god damn rhino Karen comes stomping on over.

&#x200B;

Karen: HOW DARE YOU CHARGE US 200 YOU GOD DAMN THIEF. IT'S FREE!!

Me: No the total comes to 200. The computer computed.

Karen: I WILL NOT GIVE YOU 200. WE ARE GETTING IN FOR FREE. GIVE US OUR TICKETS NOW!!!

Me: Sorry miss. but the 2 for 1's came to that price.

Karen: DON'T YOU KNOW MATH? 2 FOR 1 MEANS FREE!!! FREE GOD DAMN IT (She's shrieking at this point)

&#x200B;

My sup is coming over to save me but i tell her not to i gots this. Frankly i was having to much fun with Karen.

&#x200B;

Karen: LISTEN HERE DUMBASS. NO WONDER YOU WORK THIS SHITTY JOB. YOU CAN'T DO MATH. IT'S FREE AND THAT IS FINAL.

Me; miss, 2 for 1 is what it implies. You pay one you get one free. Not all of it is free. And you have 10 kids. so it's that amount.

Karen see the supe behind me

&#x200B;

Karen: YOU THERE!! FIRE THIS ASSHOLE. HE IS TRYING TO CON THE CUSTOMER!

Supe: at a theme park? You do know where you are right?

&#x200B;

Karen is flastered.

&#x200B;

Karen: GOD DAMN IT! I'M GETTING IN FOR FREE WITH OUT WITHOUT THE TICKETS. Grabs the kids and goes to the second entry way where there are ton of door people and real cops because the drunks come out during this time.

&#x200B;

10 seconds later she comes back to the booth since they denied here entry because she had no ticket. 

&#x200B;

She goes to the next person next to me and gives them the coupons.

&#x200B;

Now my co-worker, she is a physically challenge. She is in wheelchair. Karen see this and is livid.

&#x200B;

Karen: great now i get the damn retard

&#x200B;

Supe: Get the fuck out of my line. You do not call my co-worker that name. 

&#x200B;

Karen: Ok, ok, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry (half ass apology)

&#x200B;

co-worker - apology not accepted

Supe: please leave before we called the police.

&#x200B;

Karen storms off./nBack when I was a teenager, my Aunt would ask me to baby-sit her kids. It didn't happen often, so I really didn't mind as long as she bought me Pizza, and her two children were well behaved.  
Anyway, she was a divorcee and after a couple of years she remarried. His two kids were all right as well, and I didn't mind baby-sitting for them when they asked me to about three months after their wedding.   
This is when it starts going downhill. Firstly, no pizza. Second, they came home three hours later than they said they would, and didn't give me a lift home. (I'm 16 at this point, and a very big guy, so no worries walking home, but it was about 2:00am in the morning.)  
Then they started to take advantage... almost every week they wanted me to look after their kids, for no pay, and would get extremely pissy about it if I refused, often having a go at my mother, who would cry. I hated that.   
Fine.  
So they called me to look after their kids so they could go and do their regular, "We'll be home by 10 (But we mean 1am)"  
Me: "Okeydokey."  
I rocked up. Sure enough, no food aside from the kids dinner. I raided their fridge. Then, at about midnight I woke the kids up, took them into the lounge and put on a video. They were a little confused, but excited to be up at that time. I then gave each of them a can of Red bull and a packet of lollies. About twenty minutes later, the parents showed up, and I left.  
They never asked me to baby sit for them again. Apparently they shouted at my mother, and dad told me off, but he couldn't stop laughing, so I wasn't in too much trouble./nBackground stuff: So this happened about 3 months ago when me, my mum and her brother (my uncle, whom is a veteran which spent time fighting in the Gulf war and the Falklands, picking up some nasty burn and bullet scars) went to hunstanton beach in Norfolk, England. We were relaxing on some rocks at a rock pool area when my uncle, who's had his shirt off the entire time, his scars in full view, is approached by an entitled mother and her daughter.

Here's how it went down.

EM: Excuse me, young man (talking to me) can you go somewhere else?
Me: I'm sorry what?
Em: I want you to go somewhere else, that man you're with is upsetting my daughter. (Her daughter has run over to some other children a little bit away, playing in the rock pool.)
Me: She doesn't seem very upset.(pointing over to her)
Now, apparently that was some kind of soul shattering insult to her, because she fucking explodes screaming things like "YOU DONT KNOW MY DAUGHTER" and "GET THAT FUCKING FREAK OFF THIS BEACH"
My uncle, who up to know heard none of this turns his head and begins marching up to her.
Uncle: What did you just call me? In a calm, yet threatening tone.
EM (clearly misjudged the size of him from far away): You disgusting man, either cover your scars or go elsewhere.

By now the beach goes have stopped what they were doing and eithe began watching this unfold or tried to get her to stop screaming and swearing near the children.

Uncle: Listen lady, I'm trying to enjoy my day, if you don't like my scars which I got fighting for my country, You leave. This is a public beach and I'm allowed to be here.

She tries to get a local Bobby (policeman) to get him off the beach, which he tells her my uncle can stay, this drives her to say that she saw him doing drugs in front of the public. Now me, mum, my uncle and all the onlookers are pissed and quickly prove her wrong, and she is placed under arrest for false accusations. 

We go back to relaxing, and the daughter's dad (who wasn't seen for this entire exchange) took her home.
Then we got ice cream. /nI posted this in r/maliciouscompliance and a few people said to also post it here so here it is 

So a little backstory, I work in a store that has samples one sample is a really really spicy hot sauce it makes grown men cry. Well that kids are not allowed to try that sauce unless they have permission from a parent. 

So this one boy and his mother (EK and EM as you probably know) EK tries some of our sauces mostly mild one slightly spicy but he found that spice way to hot. EK eventually notices the super hot sauce and starts to trying it to which I say;

Me: "Oh you can't try that without parent permission it is insanely hot and causes grown med to cry"

EK: "oh ok"

I thought that was the end of it, *boy was I wrong,* EK tells EM what I said in some twisted way or something but didn't hear, EM comes up to me and says;

EM: "How *dare* you telly baby boy he can't try the hot one! He is way stronger and smarter than *you* he got all A's in 3rd grade, a stupid retail worker at a tourist town is too stupid to understand!! So just do your job like you are trained to do and let my boy try."

Me, already annoyed: "Ma'am I told your son it is very hot and very painful and he shouldn't try it but if he had parents permission it's ok, (this is when I had the idea) under one condition of course" 

EM: "Well hurry up and tell me what to do your presence is killing my precious baby boys brain cells." 

Me: "Well all you gotta do is sign a form saying you knowingly and willingly allow your child to try the hot sauce, I just have to write one up of course." 

EM: "Yea yea whatever just hurry up."

So I wrote out a basic form along the lines of 

            I ______ hereby allow my son to try the very spicy hot sauce at _______, knowing fully well how hot and painful this sauce can be.

____ (for her signature) 
_____ (for my signature) 

Now she had already bought something in this store using card and had to sign the receipt so I asked her to sign the form the same way she signed the receipt (for extra proof that she agreed) 
She quickly signed the form I wrote and EK dunked his sample stick into the sample as far as it could go, (about an inch deep) and cleans it off in one go. 
Now when I said this sauce is Very Very spicy I wasn't kidding. Jalapenos rate out 1,500-2,000 scoville units where as ghost peppers rate out at 1 million scoville units. This sauce rates out at a whopping 750,000 scoville unites and uses pepper extract to reach that heat. And if you didn't know pepper extract is an oil, and oil will linger in your mouth. So this sauce will burn for a good 20 minutes. 

A good 1 second goes by after EK tried the sauce till you saw his face contort into sheer terror and agony. He started crying/blubbering/screaming/incoherently speaking at the same time, it was quite the sight to behold. 

EM: "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY BABY!! HE EATS HOT CHEETOS ALL THE TIME HE CAN HANDLE HOT, YOU MUST HAVE POISONED HIM!!" 

Hot Cheetos don't even really get as hot as jalapenos.. 

Me: "this sauce is far hotter than a habanero and at least a few hundred times hotter than hot Cheetos."

EK: (in barely recognizable English) "MOMMY IT HURTS!!"

EM: "IM GONNA SUE YOU FOR POISONING MY BABY NOW GIVE ME CHOCOLATE MILK FOR FREE!!" 
(We sell chocolate milk for $1.50) 

Me: "I'm sorry ma'am but I can't do that, I was trained to only sell the chocolate milk for $1.50 per bottle, so you have to pay just like everyone else" 

At this point she is screaming so much you could probably mistake her for flock of chickens all getting strangled or something. But I just ignored her till she stormed out in a Huff. 

Sorry this is not a big Malicious compliance story but I thought it fit here please tell me if I should repost in r/entitledparents 

Thanks for reading the story if you got to the end I couldn't think of a good way to sum it up for a TL;DR

Edit: thanks to whoever gave me silver I meant to send a message but the app crashed/nAbout 7-8 years ago i was in Walmart with my son who was almost 5 at the time. We were walking through the women's clothes section in the front middle of the store to get to the dog food section and electronics section both at the rear center of the store. 

Im walking just a pace or 2 in front of my son since the clothing racks are so close together when i hear "da fuck out my way" then something smack the floor and my son start to cry.

Iimmediately turn and see this woman behind me with a buggy half full and my son is behind her on the floor crying. 

(To put everyone into perspective,  my son wasn't  quite 4' and maybe 55-60lbs, I'm 6'4" 235lbs, she was about 5'8" and maybe 130-140lbs.)

I saw red and threw the buggy and her with it out of my way and made sure my son was ok.  He was shaken up but fine.  

When i say i threw the buggy out of my way i don't mean i nudged it slightly,  i mean it moved a clothing rack,  flipped on its side and her shit was all over the floor and she got knocked over too.

As soon as i saw my son was okay i started turn to explain to her that's my son, and no adult is gonna hurt him while I'm around,  but i was literally blindsided by a barrage of sucker punches in the back of head,  side of the head,  then she landed 1 punch on my cheek before i shoved her down with everything i had.  

When she hit the ground she made a sound like it took the breath out of her and she sat there gasping and looked confused,  i thought that would be the end of it.  

At this point,  I'm bleeding all over the back and side of my head as well as  the spot on my cheek from all the rings she was wearing. 

I wipe the blood off my face and ask her what the hell is wrong with her. 

She starts digging in her purse and pulls out a knife,  flips it open and charges at me with the blade facing down. 

I grabbed her right hand(knife wielding side) at the wrist/ forearm and grab her other elbow then proceed to beat her wrist on a clothing rack until she dropped the knife, all while trying to use my knees to block kicks to my groin. 

I wasn't giving her another chance to hurt me after this and i started wailing on her until a few men pulled me off. 

The guys that pulled me off and security kept me there until the cops showed up. 

My white shirt had my blood all over it,  my blood was on the floor and my head was wet from the bleeding. She had 2 swollen eyes,  a broken nose and lumps on her forehead.  

When the cops got there and started asking questions,  the guys that pulled me off and security both said they got there after i was beating her and couldn't really tell them anything more than what they saw me doing. 

She told the cops she was just walking and i came up to her and started being racist and telling her since she's a woman she needs to get out of my way and that she,  "don't play dat" and so i just started punching her out of no where. 

Naturally they're looking at me like a pile of shit at this point.  

The older cop came up to me and started asking me about my injuries and what all i had to say.  I told him everything that happened.  

I was handcuffed(detained only at this point) ,  still bleeding and the security guys were all but coddling this crazy ass woman. 

The cops were not buying my story at all and were getting ready to arrest me when i had an a-ha moment. 

This was Walmart,  there's cameras everywhere.  I begged the cops to review the security footage,  i told them the recording wouldn't lie.  They honestly acted like i was just stalling and were very reluctant,  but finally spoke with the manager and took me and the woman up to wait outside of the security room while the older officer watched the footage with the manager. 

The shittiest part of all of this is I'm the only one handcuffed, still dripping blood,  the 2 cops outside the security room as well as the Walmart security guys are staring at me like they want to kill me,  and the woman is uncuffed and getting cared for. 

After about 30mins, a much bigger crowd had gathered just watching the drama and the older cop and manager walk out of the room. 

The cop had a terribly pissed off look on his face and the first thing he said was. "Cuff her,  she's under arrest."

She got several charges and banned from the store.  The older cop apologised to me and finally asked if i needed any help for my injuries,  i declined and said i just wanted to get home.  

I get my son from the officer who was basically babysitting him during all this and say fuck the dog food and movie i was going to buy,  and just leave.  

I was walking out of the store while the cops were walking her to the cruiser,  and clear as crystal i hear,  "LET GO OF MY MAMA" coming from a mini van.  One of the little boys from the van started running up to the cops yelling and crying, yep they were hers. 

This woman had 2 young children she left outside during this whole thing.  It was at least an hour after i first made contact with her,  and since her buggy was half full i can only assume she was in there maybe 30 mins to an hour before that. 

I just shook my head and continued to my truck. 

That day changed me. I'm always looking over my shoulders in public now,  i don't leave home without a pistol,  i watch my almost teenage son like a hawk,  and i have no trust in police. 

Entitled ain't even the word for this woman./nSo far I have worked in a McDonald’s, 2 child care centers and I am currently a cleaner at a shopping centre so I deal with entitled parents on an almost daily basis and after following this reddit for ages I decided I can share a few of my great stories.

So I have a few tattoos on my arms and I have a few stories about this one childcare centre and my arm tattoos.

So I was sitting at a table with some of the children and we where drawing.
Enter EP and CK (cute kid who wasn’t bad)

EP Drops off CK who runs over to me and joins our table. CK starts drawing with us.

EP: *Comes over to me and stares at my arm.* What are those? *points at my tattoos.*

Me: Oh, this is the dark mark and this is the marauders and this is...

EP: *cuts me off* how dare you have such evil tattoos and you are proud of those.

CK: No mummy, they aren’t evil taddoos. They are Harry popper! 

*Harry Potter had saved my life a few times so I have a few Harry Potter tattoos on my arm. And I love teaching the kids about Harry Potter. We even had a Harry Potter party in that room on my birthday we had a sorting hat (the kids chose there house)*

EP: You are teaching kids it’s okay to disrespect themselves and teaching them evil things and tell them to draw on themselves.

Me: *Starts tearing up and CK and a few kids notice and hug me.*

*My coworker (CW) notices this and comes over.*

EP: *yelling I will go to hell. And she doesn’t want CK in my class while CK starts crying too*

CW: have you signed in CK?

EP: Yes?

CW: Then you need to leave.

EP: I don’t want her looking after my daughter. You need to get rid of her.

CW: if you don’t want her to look after your daughter you will need to find another centre as she (me) is a part of the centre and we can’t fire her because of a few tattoos. *takes off her jacket revealing 2 whole arm sleeves*

EP: *turns pale. Tries to take CK who is holding onto me.*

CW: excuse me you can’t take her. Her father is picking her up today (EP and her husband divorced)

EP: *yells* I can’t leave my baby with satanic, tattooed lesbians!

CW and I look at each other and laugh.

CW: Well you can’t take her unless you want to loose custody of CK.

EP still leaves.

In the end we called CK’s dad and he got full custody of CK because her mum violated their custody agreement. And CK continued to come back to the centre.

Edit: Oh my god! Thank you so much for the gold and the silver my first gold and silvers.

Edit: So sick of being told it’s fake. This really happened to me. And I was called unstable because I cried when the EP yelled at me... what the hell?
Also I will post photos of my tattoos after work./nI have ear infections regularly and I have pills that I have to take if I feel any pain in them. As I was on a plane the change in altitude makes them hurt like mad so I take 2-3 each flight. If you overdose on these pills one of the side effects is ears bleeding and an extremely dry throat.( important later) 

Background: I was on the plane on the window seat and the em and ek were sitting next to me, we were just taking off so I took one of my pills.

Em: hey can my kid have some sweets? (It wasn’t obvious that they were pills as they were in a metal tin) 

Me: no. They are medi-

Em: WHY WONT YOU GIVE MY CHILD SOME SWEETS YOU FAT ARSE

Ek: mommy I’m hungry (like it was rehearsed or something)

EM: NOW LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE YOU MADE MY CHILD STARVE AND CRY(ek wasn’t crying) GIVE ME THOSE!

(Em grabs my pills and shovels a handful into her mouth, inside I was laughing so hard, even the kid was eating them)

After the flight when I was collecting my bag I saw em and ek with bloody tissues in their ears drinking barrels of water. I laughed so hard in the taxi the driver thought I had a problem. :)

Btw: the pills weren’t expensive so I wasn’t that bothered but I thought it belonged here



/nDISCLAIMER

THIS DID NOT HAPPEN TO ME BUT RATHER TO MY COUSIN.

cast

NC-Nice cousin

IC -innocent cousin

ED-entitiled dad

EM-entitled mum

A-aunty

bride- NC's to be wife (self explanatory)

&#x200B;

This story will baffle you so much

This happened like a couple of years ago. NC is like a brother to me, when my parents were busy he raised me and he is also one of the few people in my family that i respect. For that reason I cal NC brother.

Around 2017 NC wanted to get married, so he told his mum if he could marry this orphan he met when he last went bangladesh. The following convo ensued

at this point NC was in the UK leaving with a friend who had gotten married recently.

NC: Mum can I get married to the girl I spoke about

A: the orphan girl?

NC: yes 

A: If you can provide for her then why not

NC: thanks

&#x200B;

My brother proceeded to tell the girl everything and she seemed extatic. A month later NC decided to go bangladesh and prepare for the wedding (this was in august 2017) so that he could get married in february 2018. 

So in august he went. In my family it's a tradition that the parents of the groom meet the parents of the bride. Unfortunately my Uncles (cousin's dad) died when NC was around 18. So A decided to ask ED if he could go.

A: So my son is getting married cou...

ED: oh that's great, he can take my daughter

A: no, He has already seen someone

ED: come on. Imagine how great it would be

A: It's his wish if he doesn't want to then he wont

ED: well ask hi

A: I wont ask him, if you want you can ask him

ED: fine

&#x200B;

BTW ED and A are siblings

ED is in his late 50s and A is in her late 60s

ED proceeds to call my brother, who was in bangladesh now, from the house next door (his house)

&#x200B;

ED:  so I heard you are getting married

NC: yes

ED: IC come here

IC: yes dad did you call me

ED: NC is getting married and he wants to take you as his wife do you accept

IC: wh..

NC: WTF NO, I DON'T WANT TO MARRY MY COUSIN

IC: I DON'T WANT TO MARRY HIM

ED: NC YOU WILL MARRY IC AND LIVE WITH HER WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT. TOMORROW I AM CALLING A QADI (MUSLIM PRIEST WHO DOES THE WEDDING VOWS)

NC: YOU ARE NOT DOING ANYTHING LIKE THAT 

and with that he storms out.

The next morning NC wakes up to knocking on his door, it was ED 

ED: The Qadi is here, get ready

NC: -shuts the door in his face-

Qadi: knocks on the door 

NC: yes How may i help you

Qadi:  your uncle says you want to marry this girl

IC - eyes red with tears and yelling she doesn't want to-

NC: no i don't, and even If i did it would be Haram (forbidden) cause she doesn't want to

Qadi: yeah I know that, 

&#x200B;

The priest then proceeds to go back to ED's evil lair and explain the rulings on forced marriages

ED: Come on you can clearly see that she wants him

IC: I don't I am too young (18)

ED: SHUT UP

Qadi: this discussion is over, neither bride or groom want to marry each other so stop

ED:...

&#x200B;

My NC planned everything and came back to the Uk happy and awaiting the big day

FEB 2018

NC goes bangladesh

ED the airport : So NC have you considered 

NC: NO

ED: Are you really going to marry a low life orphan

NC: - really annoyed at that remark but doesn't say anything and walks away-

&#x200B;

Throughout the week that NC was there ED tried to sabotage the wedding, he even spread rumours that NC commited adultery. No one believed him luckily. 

On the wedding day ED started insulting the girls dead parents, NC was getting angrier by the minute but didn't say anything till the wedding was over. 

After the wedding

ED: You should have married my daughter. You are marrying a useless excuse of a human being

That comment NC was raging

NC:List...

IC: leave him alone, I didn't want to marry him and you can't force either of us

ED: I want the best for you

IC:  Then stop harassing him, he is now married and allow him to leave his life

ED: -raises hand and lowers-

ED: watch out NC (he said something along these lines)

NC: listen Bride, I am sorry for what happened just now

bride: -crying- it's ok I get that alot

&#x200B;

for the reminder of the week that my NC remained, ED constantly  tried to fuck around with NC's marriage. But failed because the rest of my family were clever enough to know that this man is crazy. On the day before NC left, NC entered his house  an cut the funds ED receives every month. ED was livid about this but NC just told him that he brought that upon himself. 

&#x200B;

Turns out that ED helped raise NC's siblings as their dad died when Nc was 18 and his siblings were 3, 8, 15 and 16. 

ED is now planning that i get married to his youngest daughter (13) when she turns 18. Surprisingly my dad accepted but my mother like "fuck no". 

TD:LR ED tries to force  NC to marry his daughter but when NC says no ED attempts to sabotage NC's wedding and marriage

&#x200B;

PS: NC cut him off completely and so have. (if you want to know why i did so, let me know)/nThis happened a long time ago so it may be a bit fuzzy. When i was 6yo my father passed away my mother had died giving birth to me so all that was left was just me(6yo little girl) and my two older brothers (20 and 19 at the time). He had no will so the house and his small shop went to me and my brothers. Our only other relatives were a distant uncle and cousin who we barely knew. After my dad passed my oldest brother adopted me so I wouldn't be taken from them and ran the shop as best he could.

So about 3 months after my dad's funeral we get a call from my uncle saying he and his son were in town. At first we figured he just wanted to check up on us many people did. When he showed up everything was normal until he said this to my oldest brother.

EU(Entitled Uncle): So when do you guys plan on moving?
OLB(oldest brother: uh we aren't moving anywhere why do you ask?
EU: Well since your dad left it to me I want to move my son in.

We were just confused since the house was ours by law.

YOB (younger older brother): No its not evert hinges was left to me, OLB and (me)
EU: well I'm his brother so I get his house and besides you guys can't keep this place up.

I could tell even back then my OLB was getting a bit pissed.

OLB: No this house is ours and we are not moving.
EU: oh come on my son needs a place to live and besides you got money to find a new place.

My OLB and my YOB are now pissed

OLB: then tell him to find his own place we are not moving from our home.
EU (now getting a bit in his face): fine you brats I'll call the dame police to evict you.

At this he stormed out a few hours later the police arivved. EU had apparently told them that they were sexual abusing me and had narcotics. After explaining everything to them they seemed to understand the situation but still they had to call child protection services to make sure. After about three days of investigation work by CPS they found nothing (not that there was anything to find). After this my OLB filed a restraining order against him.

For about 3 months after all of this my cousin constantly apologized for his father behavior. I have not seen him since that day not that I want to.

I hope that I remembered this correctly and that you guys enjoy

Little Update: Someone asked how the house is now and the shop. Both are fine my oldest brother lives in our house with his wife and kids the shop burned down but insurance helped rebuild it even better then before it's now a coffee shop that my older brother runs successfully and I moved out to attend university in Japan so things are all good back home :3/nBlah blah blah... I'm on mobile... yada yada yada... English is my first language... and thats it. Also I'm in England so yeah...

No back story needed because I was literally just in my house.

**CAST:**

Me: Melted egg

EM: Entitled mum

EK: Entitled Kid

**STORYTIME:**

So I'm playing video games in my room, when I hear a **VERY** loud knock on the door. Obviously, I go and open the door to find what **looked** like a nice lady. But **OH BOY, SHE WASN'T!** So the convo went like this:

Me: Hello ma'am. Can I help you?

EM: Yes. I was looking at your house, It's very big, very very big actually.

Me (Confused as to where this was going): Thank you! It's m-

EM (Cutting me off): So how much for it?

Me (More confused): Excuse me?

EM: How about £100,000? We can shake on it right here!

Keep in mind my house wasn't too big but was quite big. Also, according to my dad (who was away at the time) it was worth around £400,000. But that was just his judgement.

Me: Sorry, you must be mistaken, this house isn't for sale. Although I'm sure you can find some houses like this in the area.

EM: I know. But I want the house. So, £90,000, what do you say?

Me: Sorry but I'm not interested in selling this house.

Then this is where EK, who was around 5 I think, comes into play.

EK: Mummy, can I play yet?

I was thinking: Play with what? The house? How does that work?

EM: (To EK) Yes dear, mummy's sorting it. (To me) Well, thanks for the house.

And then she tried to walk in! I immediately block her.

Me: Ma'am, this is my house! And I'm asking you to leave.

EM: JUST GIVE ME THE FUCKING HOUSE! YOU DON'T EVEN NEED ALL THE SPACE! I HAVE A KID! YOU'RE JUST A LONER!

Me: I'll ask you one more time ma'am, please leave, before I call the police.

This is where she becomes racist towards me. I was born in England, but come from Asian origins. So, as a result, I'm "brown".

EM: It's because I'm white! Isn't it?!

Me: No its because this is my house!

EK: MUUUUUMMMMYYYY! LET ME PLAYYYYY!

EM: (To EK) Of course, just let mummy handle this. (To me) LET ME IN!

She tried pushing past me but I held my ground.

EM: I'm calling the police!!!

And she stormed off, cursing at me until she was out of sight. Calling me things like racist and a "chink". I have no clue what she would've told the police. And I haven't heard from her since. Sorry that there's no big arrest or the police actually being involved but this was my only encounter with and entitled parent.

Thanks for reading!/nOn mobile, sorry in advance

Me- who do you think EK-entitled kid step-sister M-mom SD-Stepdad


So this all happened when I turned 10 and was over at my grandparents house when it happened. Everything started out fine until it was time for the cake, so I blew the candles out and then they started serving it with some juice. I had gotten my piece before her and that's when it all started.(EK is as old as me)

EK- why does she get cake first?

SD- Well she's the birthday girl.

EK- But I wanted mine first!

EK then proceeds to pout until she gets her slice. Everything was fine with me until she PURPOSELY SPILLS HER DRINK ON MY CAKE.

Me- What the heck EK!

EK- It was an accident.

Friend- No it wasn't! I saw you do it!

EK- Your lying because you want me to get in trouble.

I just get another slice and ate. It was going along smoothly and I had to go to the bathroom, so I did. When I come out everyone's crowding her because she's crying and won't tell them why until I get in there.

EK- *points to me* SHE SAID SHE HATED ME WHEN I ACCIDENTALLY SPILT MY DRINK ON HER CAKE!

That's when everyone who was sitting at the table with me pointed out that 1 no I did not and 2 she purposely spilt her drink. She then says that everyone at our table was lying. My SD took her away from the rest of the party. Me and my mom went home.

EK- Where's all the presents?

Me- I put them away. Why?

EK- But I wanted the [insert popular toy]!

Me- I wasn't going to GIVE you anything.

EK- What?! But we're sisters!

Me- You ruined my party, lied about me, and now you want my things? No!

Ek runs off to SD and complains why can't she have my things. SD takes my side and she pouts away.

  I'm glad to say she's not longer my step-sister.
 
Edit: For those wondering what happened, my parents had gotten a divorce and I never saw her after that.

Edit 2: Thank you so much for the Silver kind stranger!

Edit 3: I put this on r/entitledkids because someone told me about the subreddit. It fits more on there but thank you for reading it here!/n

A bit of a backstory: every year I go to a big house with family and my mother's friends one friend has 3 kids: two girls and one boy the boy is 7 and is the oldest kid. Me myself was 13 at that moment. The kid was very immature for his age and cried about almost everything and he never wanted to listen to anyone. So that was fun (not) In the house was a huge wall with behind it the hallway and on the other side the kitchen living room etc. So you could go around it

Ek=entitled kid

Ed=entitled dad

So I was just sitting on the couch on the last day as we were about to leave. The kid was just running around and kept jumping on and off the couch while running around the wall. 

Me: "Can you please stop it's getting annoying mate." 

Ek: "No." Laughs I put my legs all across the couch so he couldn't jump on it anymore. He still found a spot on the couch to jump on. 

Me: "Can you please stop it's so annoying." (After he did it a few times) Also keep in mind that he had shoes on. 

Ek: "no." 

I place my legs in a diffrent position and he just jumps on my leg it kinda hurt but not bad. This is where I got mad I yelled at him bc he hurt me. The boy was a bit scared but laughed and ran away I thought he went to his room. Boy was I wrong... He just ran at me with full speed and jumped with his shoes on as hard as he could on my legs. It hurt so bad so I pushed him and it was impossible that that could've hurt him bc I was in so much pain 

Me: "CAN YOU STOP YOU LIL' SHIT YOU'RE HURTING ME." 

Ek: "B-but." After that EK began crying and ran to his dad (Ed) and said that I kicked him while he obviously jumped on my leg. My sister also saw it. 

Ed: "What did you do to my son?" 

Me: "Uhm nothing he jumped on my leg and now I can't stand on it anymore." Ed: "Bullshit my son doesn't do those things." 

Me: "...sir... Are you serious?" 

Ek: "Daaaad they asked me to jump on thr couch and I accidentally jumped on their leg." 

He was obviously lying but anyways my sister told everything to my mom she ofcourse believed us bc the boy lies all the time. After that we went to the hospital and boi he broke my leg. 

I told Ed and he simply said: "You should've watched out." 

So yeah now they aren't invited in that house anymore Lmao. Also my leg wasn't completely broken just a big crack (that still hurt)

Edit: questions that were asked a lot: no the dad didn't pay for all the hospital cost but it was all covered up
And also I didn't press charges nope

2nd edit: thanks for all the support and likes guys my leg is all better 
And thanks for silver/nSo I’m back and I’ve got news guys. 
If you haven’t read my first part. Here’s the link: 
I seriously suggest going over to this link before reading this because it’ll give you context. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bdrmth/em_demands_that_i_pay_for_her_and_her_kids_food/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app 

thanks for the platinum and gold again. 


Now as you guys know, I had an incident with an EM and her two entitled goblins. 

We caught this bitch!!  

Oh yeah and I’m sorry for not posting sooner, Reddit took forever to post it and whenever I refreshed it didn’t save it. So I kept doing it and it deleted again and again and so finally it posted. 

Yeah we caught her ass. The next day after the incident I talked to my boss and I explained the whole situation to him and the police officers. The footage was okay, although the way I was sitting and talking to my friend, it did look somewhat like I was recording but I was swearing that I wasn’t. 
 
Turns out, our cameras do have hearing but since I was sitting in the corner it couldn’t hear my friend but does show me moving my mouth since I was talking. 

I had come way earlier in the day and later around 9ish, the officers had come back and told us they’d found her. So we went through the details and Id already told them I was pressing charges. 

Today was actually court day, and woooweee. Shit happened. This bitch literally went nuts. She literally arrived LATE... had an attitude while her little shits refused to be quiet while the judge talked. We did have lawyers and she either couldn’t afford one or was so dumb she thought her ass didn’t need one because she was right, so the courts provided one for her or something. 

We went on and the camera footage was shown, and this kinda pissed me off. The judge thought I could’ve been recording and this is happening while EM’s kids are wailing. 

He calls a recess, and so we go out for a bit and I had to go to the bathroom and when I came out, this bitch literally shoved into me and said, “Pervert” and she was about to hit or shove me again. 

Now I’ll admit, I was pissed, mainly at her, and a little at the judge. And so I shoved back into her and called her a bitch. 

And before we could do anything else we were stopped by some officers. We were both restrained but she kept struggling trying to hit me again. I was let go while another officer had to grab her by the arms and take her away. 

A bit later, I guess she’d been calmed down or some shit, and so we were back in and the judge had found out about the shoving and so I guess this caused the judge to be divided on a decision.  So now... we are going to have another courtmeeting in two days since today’s  Easter, I’m posting at like midnight. 

What’s gonna happen is the police are going to do one of those scan things or whatever on my phone chip, to check the files. I didn’t know the police could check this stuff, doesn’t matter if it’s deleted off your phone, if it was on there, it’ll be found and me and EM both have to bring people we know to describe us. It’s kinda complicated but i guess it’s where they give statements to describe you, and tell the judge what kind of a person you are. 

I’m thinking of asking the officers who’s meal I paid for to be one of the people along with my manager maybe. Don’t know. I’m sorry this isn’t all that fun. But  we might be able to win. So yay./nAs per the title: I have a looong history of random strangers assuming I’ll babysit their kids. I used to be a care provider, so I thought perhaps they assumed that as I already had half a dozen kids on my hands, I’d enjoy a few more. But I’m not one anymore and this still happens so I just don’t know what about me says you should assume I want responsibility for kids I’ve never met before 🤷‍♀️

I do some contract work, I knew I needed to take a phone call at a certain time, it’s a nice day out and it’s summer vacation so I think, I’ll take my kids down to the local basketball park/playground, they’ll be busy, I’ll get to make the call in peace. Win win. We’ll even bring the more docile of our dogs. 

But this EP had other plans....

We’re at the park, my kids are off doing their thing, I’m starting my call when...

“HI DOGGY. HI DOGGY DOGGY!”

Three kids, I’d say ages 3-6 are suddenly all up in dogs face. Dog is pretty chill but clearly not enjoying this. In an effort to not interrupt my call, I walk away with dog, ignoring the kids. Who of course follow us. 

“STOP! WERE PLAYING WITH THE DOG!” They shriek as they attempt to grab at her, as she’s trying to hide behind me.

I excuse myself from the call, and briefly tell the kids no thanks, my dogs not interested, and direct them back to the person I assume is their Father, who’s on his phone on the other side of the park. They run off. 

I explain the situation, person I’m talking to and I have a brief eye roll together and carry on. 

OR WE TRY TO until the kids are suddenly back, attempting to force a stuffed animal into my dogs mouth. 

I am all over this. I tell the kids sternly that they need to be careful with dogs they don’t know, I’ve already said my dog isn’t interested etc... 

“BUT WHY?”

Nope, not engaging in a Why session with these kids. Again, I send them back to Dad. 

Moments pass.

“MY DAD SAYS TO ASK WHY YOURE ON THE PHONE”

WHAT THE ACTUAL....

I ignore them and walk away. They follow and repeat themselves. Rinse and repeat a few times. I head in the direction of their Father, who is yuking it up... AND ALSO TRIES WALKING AWAY when he notices us coming.

I am now in what feels like a ridiculous relay with this man, his kids, and cell phones. I finally give up and go sit in my car (where I can see my own kids) , whilst my 3 new charges stand outside and stare at me, occasionally still yelling to ask what I’m doing. 

When I’m done, I come out. They’re still there.

“WHAT WERE YOU DOING?”

“A phone call for work.”

“WHY?”

“A better question would be, what’s your Dad doing?”

“TALKING SO WE NEEDED TO STAY WITH YOU.”

Again, not the first time I’ve heard this sentiment.

I march the kids over to their Father, who’s back is to me so I’m able to sneak up on him this time. 

“HEY THERE! ARE THESE YOUR KIDS?”

He turns, glares, and gestures for me to shush. 

“I ASK BECAUSE I WAS TRYING TO DO A WORK CALL AND THEY KEPT INTERRUPTING ME.”

This carries on until he groans and tells whoever he’s talking to that he’ll have to call them back. 

He tries to tell me he didn’t think I’d mind, it’s not a big deal, his call was too important, I was here with other kids anyhow, etc... 

Summed up: We had a loooong not very cordial talk about dog safety, stranger danger, etc... that included much eye rolling, scoffing and whining on his part, with much justification that he had been on a Very Important Call that was worth presuming on random strangers for. The highlight was when another Mom came up and added that he’d tried the same thing with her 20 minutes before I got there. At that point? He threw his hands up in the air, and told his kids they had to go home because there weren’t any “nice ladies” to help them at the playground that day. 

The other Mom and I laughed./nImma make this short as possible:

We we're in a public park with my family and my 3 cousins (who i treat as my siblings/bffs) and one of them has very bad asthma and uses an inhaler

The woman across our table thought that my cousin's inhaler was vape, as she was known for being a heavy smoker in our neighborhood

The woman was disgusted when she looked at my cousin and took it away from him, which made him have an instant asthma attack. He vomits blood/yellow-ish liquid when he has an attack.

The woman said "he was acting to get it back", but when security was about to step in, she threw the inhaler in our way, and ran

Luckily, the guards at the gate caught her and my parents immidiately pressed charges for burglary and attempted murder (she almost made my cousin drop dead in front of the whole family)/nThis is a bit of a cross with r/pettyrevenge.

So my family is moving across country. Right now, we live in a beautiful house in a safe neighborhood, right across the street from 2 elementary schools and a middle school. Prime real estate for families with children. We put the house on the market and instantly we had several buyers. One of these potential buyers was from my mother's religious group and had a family with young children.

They were super nice (at first). Offered to buy all the furniture we weren't moving. Had dinner with them and they were a perfect fit for the house. We offered a very good price on the house. They agreed to buy.

WITHIN A WEEK of signing the contract, the mother in that family (EM) started moving her large plants into our home. Basically, she wanted us to plant sit for free for a couple months. Fine, we're cool, we'll take your plants in. One day, EM came to our house again to drop off more things. She paraded around and pointed to all the furniture she wanted (basically everything). My mother gave her a very fair price. EM was shocked. She thought she was getting it all FOR FREE (and forgotten the agreement earlier). My mom was a bit insulted to say the least. She later sold the furniture to people who were actually going to pay for it. A bit of time goes on and EM COMES BACK WITH MORE THINGS. She notices a small peel of paint on the exterior of our house. Because of this tiny flaw, she said our house was defected, and we needed to repaint the ENTIRE house INSIDE AND OUT for FREE before they moved in. That's over 10k in renovations. She even had the audacity to say "We'll swing by with Pantone samples once my kids decide what color they want for their rooms." Excuse me?!!

Add on: EM later begged our religious group to paint the house for her for FREE, and she'd provide them with pizza for lunch. She said she was "sick" and couldn't do it herself. lol wtf?

By then my family was furious. We told them we couldn't do it, especially after giving them such a good deal on the house. Entitled parents pressed us even further (although repainting the house was not in our contract). Now we were just done. We didn't want to sell the house anymore. We asked them politely to reconsider buying offered to return their deposit. Nope. That just hurt EP's pride a now they wanted the house 10x more out of stubbornness. EP KNEW we could have sold the house to another willing buyer for waayyy more. They didn't want us to have that money.

Now's the petty revenge part. The contract doesn't require us to do anything except give them the house. We had originally planned to powerwash the carpet, make everything spotless before moving. We were also planning to give them a few shelves and all of my cat's trees and playthings too. Now they get nothing. Walked in muddy shoes all over the carpet? Oops. Your house, you clean it. Broken lights and dusty chandeliers? You climb 30+ feet up there to change the bulb. My cat's scratched up your poor plants? Shouldn't have brought them here in the first place. Also our front door lock is broken but they'll have to figure that out themselves. They will get the house, but completely like we left it. No small retouches. No carpet clean. Nothing. It's completely legal and only fair.

If we wanted to push the pettiness even further I've thought of a few ideas. We still have a few weeks before closing so I'm open to yours too. Of course, this is probably just wishful scheming. I'm not here to break the law, just cause a minor inconvenience.

\-spray sugar water under the doors and windows

\-jam a few blinds

\-unscrew an odd number of cabinet doorknobs

\-hammer nails into random places on the walls

\-"lose" the fireplace key

&#x200B;

Edit: wow thank you guys for all your devilishly creative ideas! I would absolutely LOVE to do all of them but there are definitely consequences for the more crazy ones. I'm just here to air out some grievances, read some clever schemes, and have a good laugh. Realistically, we would still follow the contract and try not to get into too much trouble. But we'll take any loopholes to be a lil extra petty!/nHi- I am Mayhem. This is my first post! Also I realized after writing this that it is quite long, apologies! 👋

Some background: I am an American (born and raised) but my boyfriend (who I will always refer to as 'Sarge' in my posts) is from Russia. We also have a dog who used to be Sarge's dog while he served in the Russian military but is now my service dog as we live together. His name is Comrade (Sarge didn't know what to name him when he got him, so he just called him comrade (as in fellow/companion) and the name just stuck) and he is a beautiful brown/auburn/black Estrela Mountain Dog. This happened like two or so years after Sarge moved to the U.S. and got his citizenship. (Comrade is in the subreddit r/goodboys now if you want to see him)


At this time, I had a few jobs: I tutored kids in musical instruments (strings and percussion), was a writer, and, mostly for the hell of it, was the manager at a local McDonald's. Why? Easy money. I just had to supervise and make sure everyone was keeping clean basically. I dealt with a spoiled parent every now and then complaining about "there isn't enough cheese" or "my kid wants THIS toy in their meal" and stuff like that, but it wasn't very hard.

Whenever I went anywhere outside the house, Comrade was with me. I have him for PTSD, Paranoia, and Anxiety (I also have FAS (foreign accent syndrome) which is related to the accident that caused PTSD and Paranoia but that's not why I have Comrade although it is important to keep in mind for later). Although he was originally a military dog, Sarge trained him to be a service dog for me and we got him certified and he has the vest that says in giant letters 'DO NOT TOUCH' and everything. During this time, Sarge was working as a dog trainer and a falconer, which is why he was so good with dogs.

Anyway- when I was at Micky D's, Comrade always did a really nice job of sitting in the corner and behaving. The entire staff knew him and how much of a sweetheart he is despite his huge and menacing look/size, and since I was comfortable with it, they were allowed to feed him a few fries every now and then and also give belly rubs. They knew this.

Usually whenever I was on break, Sarge would be between jobs and meet up with me so we could relax, have a little food, etc. This particular time, he happened to bring an Owl (her name is Emma, she's a Barn-owl who is actually not nocturnal) into the place and of course everyone was chill. Business was slow since during the time of day kids were at school and parents at work... And by slow I mean it was completely empty except for the staff.

The break was going as per usual until Emma began to get a little antsy on Sarge's arm, you know, because he was wearing one of those falcon gloves. He had to take her out for a bit and I was left with Comrade who was sitting up next to me in the booth, looking like Chewbacca or something. I had my journal out and was scribbling something in it. I usually always have my journal on me to write down random thoughts and pictures as a form of therapy. There are pretty poetic things in it, as well as some pretty gruesome excerpts and images. I was drawing one of those graphic pictures. A few minutes later, a mother (EM) and her son who was about 6-8 (EB) stroll in. They are now the only customers. Cool. EB notices Comrade right away, because from the other side of the establishment I hear an excited gasp. I peek up and my thoughts are confirmed. EB looks ecstatic. EM smiles too and ushers him to the counter so they can order. I smile too as I look back to my journal. I LOVE kids, and even more than that I LOVE making them happy.

Unsurprisingly, about a minute later when they finished ordering and paid, the boy was standing in front of the booth with wide eyes. Keep in mind that I am sitting next to the wall and Comrade is sitting on the other side of me. He is fanboying next to the table and I chuckle- he still hadn't said anything. EM walked over and EB squealed "I wanna pet that dog!" I'm still smiling at this point because kids get me in my soft spot.

In the beginning, the mom was chill. "Sorry sweetie, that's a service dog- can't touch." And the child pouts.

Me: (Russian Accent) "Actually, you can pet him if you like!"

Remember when I mentioned that I have FAS? Yep. Right now, I had a Russian accent.

Me: (Russian Accent) "He's quite friendly, mate. His name is Comrade."

I probably looked like the most Russian Russain on the face of Russia, with an accent, and a badass dog named Comrade. EB squeals again and pets the great dog gently by his scruff. EM seems impressed and goes to pet him too. See, I let them have a pet because although he is technically 'working,' 1) I hate disappointing people in general and especially kids, 2) I suck at confrontation, and 3) he's pretty good about not getting distracted anyway so I figure all is well. And all IS going well until:

EB: "Mom, look how cool! He's so cool! I want him!"

I chuckle and half expect the mom to as well, but instead:

EM: "Well you know how we get things, don't you?"

EB: "By asking nicely!" *turns to me* "Can I buy your doggie please?"

I was pretty taken aback, so I assumed this was a joke although EM wasn't laughing.

Me: (Russian Accent) "Sorry boy, he's not for sale. I need him to get by day-to-day."

I said this with a chuckle and a smile since I thought it was a joke after all. EB looks confused and EM looks like I was the one joking.

EM: "Oh come on now- it's not like you NEED him or anything. I mean obviously if he was THAT important you wouldn't let us pet him. Not so much of a "Working Dog" then, huh?" *points to his vest*

 I am now anxious. Comrade, sensing this, shuffles closer to me which prompts EB to cling to his service vest, not wanting him to move away.

Me: (Russian Accent) "Hey- let go!"

EB: *lets go of vest reluctantly* (pouting) "But I asked nicely!"

Me: (Russian Accent) "Sorry, but-"

EM: "Seriously!?"

EM looks appalled, like I admitted to murder or something. She puts her hands on her hips.

EM: "DID YOU JUST YANK MY SON AWAY? I'll have you know that EB is at the top of his class and has been wanting a dog for a while now, Missy! *ruffled EB's hair* It's about time he get a dog, and my boy wants THIS one!"

Me: (Russian Accent) "Again, I'm sorry to disappoint, but he is my companion. My boyfriend happens to train dogs if you like, but I can't give-"

EM: *clicks tongue, looks down to EB* "And THIS is why we don't like the Russians, EB, because they're selfish and arrogant. *looks to me* You're REALLY going to deny my baby that mutt? Ugh, you should be ashamed of yourself. Wait a minute- aren't communists supposed to SHARE anyways? *scoffs* Selfish."

Me: (Russian Accent) "... Your boy is so smart and yet doesn't understand what a service dog is? I can see he takes after his mother..."

Boy, EM looked like she could have slapped me. Now I'm pissed instead of shy and all these snappy comebacks come flooding in.

EM: *face turns red* "Ex-CUSE YOU!? What gives you the right? You, retarded immigrant!"

Now I could slap her.

EM: "AUGH! All you Russians are the same- poor, petty, greedy, and horrible mean people, Cossack!"

By now, my accent had diminished, but I felt like I should keep talking Russian. Why? Because the thing I learned after a few years of having FAS is that people are less likely to fuck with you if you're a Russian or sound Russian- everyone's just scared straight of Russians. That seemed to go over the head of this woman, but another reason I decided to keep it up was because she'd probably make a bigger scene if I randomly dropped the accent I had.

Me: "And you expect me to hand over my Comrade when you call me a terrorist?"

I knew then that I was fucked.

I had started off forcing a Russian accent as planned, but it accidentally turned into a French one.

EM: *points finger over my dog at my face* "AHA! YOU LYING LITTLE BITCH! YOU WANT TO DENY MY SON A DOG THAT YOU SELFISHLY DON'T NEED WHILE LYING TO MY FACE ABOUT IT!"

Me: (Kinda shitty Russian Accent) "You CRAZY mashugana!"

At this time, Sarge had walked back in with Emma on arm, confused and oblivious as to what was going down. All he heard was me call this psycho a mashugana and saw how red her face was, all the while Comrade was extremely on edge. He briskly walks over.

Now, I need to pause for a minute.

When I titled this post "Scary Russian," that was kinda the equivalent of written clickbait. In actuality, Sarge is a teddy bear. Like, an actual lump of sugar. He's very patient and charming to talk to, but lots of people are intimidated from his big build and thickish Russian accent. But be warned, be becomes very cold when he gets angry (even though that's not often, because again- lots of patience). Although, even though he wouldn't hurt a fly, people don't know that and he is also pretty defensive when it comes to me.

Back to the story.

Sarge steps between Comrade and I and the Entitled duo. "May I help you, madam?"

EM: *eye-roll* "Ugh, another fake Russian I suppose!? And with a hawk!"

EB looks at the OWL and is captivated as the mother is repulsed, probably thinking 'What a savage!'

Sarge: *surprised at her rudeness* "No ma'am, I lived near Sochi. Can I ask you why you are harassing my girlfriend?"

EM: *grabs EB by the shoulders* SHE is claiming that mutt to be a service dog instead of giving it to my son! Since you're apparently a Russian tell me- aren't communists supposed to share!?"

Sarge: "First of all, I don't like you to refer to my Comrade as a "mutt." Second, I am not a communist. You see me here in America, yeah? I am a capitalist like you. Third, I don't appreciate your attitude, going around demanding service dogs from unsuspecting people. Fourth, you should really take a look at yourself. Is this the example you want to set for your boy?"

EM: *Jaw hits the floor, stunned silence* "... DID YOU JUST TELL ME HOW TO PARENT MY SON!?"

Sarge pinches the bridge of his nose as I, defeated, just took my journal out and continued to draw my graphic picture. EM begins bringing up the communism thing, saying "You have two beautiful pets and you can't share either of them because you're so selfish!" And all Sarge can respond with is, "If you are obsessed with communism so much then why don't YOU move to Russia!?" I wish- that would be a good riddance right there.

Sarge is trying to reason with the madwoman and at this point I just exit the conversation. I sit cross-legged in the booth, stroking Comrade therapeutically with one hand, working on my image with my other... WITH ONE, SINGULAR, HAND.

I point this out for a reason.

I point this out because a minute after I zoned out, apparently what had happened is the little shit crawled behind Sarge's legs without him noticing, under the booth, and snatched my journal from my lap.

Me: "WHAT IN THE FUCK!?!?!!!?!????!?!"

EB scurried back out from the table and ran to hide behind EM. I've already lost it and Sarge is on his way. Before Sarge can grab the notebook back from the kid, he takes one look down and starts wailing. It's time to reveal what I was drawing: it was a picture of a Grimm-Reaper/zombie type situation eating the organs of dead woman, most of the limbs severed. EM rips the book from EB and gets the same look of absolute horror, shoving the page in the direction of Sarge and I.

EM: "WHAT THE HELL KIND OF FREAK ARE YOU!?!???! THIS IS NOTHING THAT SHOULD BE ADVERTISED TO THE PUBLIC!!!!!"

Me: "That's beCAUSE IT'S PRIVATE PROPERTY, DIPSHIT!!!"

Now, we are officially in a screaming match which causes Comrade to squirm in place and whimper.

EM: "THAT DOG ISN'T EVEN HAPPY WITH YOU!!!"

EB: (cry-screaming) *makes grabby-hand motions to Emma, the owl perched on Sarge's arm* "I WANT THAT BIRD!" 

He got too close the Emma which made Sarge pull back, saying, "Absolutely not." That owl is not the tamest- it could have seriously scratched the shit outta that kid. EB continues to scream.

No BS, EM now chucks my journal (hard-cover) at the window right next to my head.

This, my friend, is when all hell breaks loose.

The window cracks -- which thank GOD it didn't break because the glass definitely would have cut me sitting right there -- and the sound of the impact freaks Emma out and she screeches, flapping her wings about and taking off around the McDonald's. Sarge is thrown into a panic- if the bird got lost or injured, it would be HIS ass.

Sarge: "Oh FUCK."

Now I didn't know this at the time, but the staff had already called the police and now that Emma was loose, they, thinking quick, locked all the doors. This would make sure the mother from hell and her demonic hell spawn wouldn't get out nor would Emma.

I'm still flipping shit at everything that's going on, and then the mother runs to the counter where her now-cold food was and begins a tantrum of her own, throwing food everywhere. She squirts ketchup on the walls, throws fries at the staff and at Sarge, and all the while she is doing this (and I've been trying to calm Comrade down who was getting worried) EB lunges at Comrade, yanking furiously at his collar.

Bad. Idea.

I try to warn him, tell him off, but too late- Comrade has gone into attack-mode.

He turns around and pounces at the boy, his weight throwing EB to the ground having fallen flat on his back. Does he bite him? No. Does he claw at him? No. Comrade is trained to scare an attacker but not actually attack until I or Sarge give the command. So there they are, on the floor. My dog, with his front paws flat on the floor, butt in the air, teeth bearing, growling, snarling. Although the brat more than pissed me off, I felt bad for him.

I was just about to tell Comrade off, and then EM comes up behind her shaking son to slap his snout.

Yes, that happened.

This bitch... Fucking, hit, my service dog.

I was so shocked and infuriated that I couldn't get words out.

EM: "MUZZLE YOUR DOG, FREAK!"

Then, I feel something very very cold being poured all over me. It's a melted fudge sundae. At this point, I was in such shock, I didn't even have any thoughts- I only gasped. I barely reacted while Comrade was still in defense-mode. When Sarge looked over, he finally lost patience, and THIS is where the "Scary Russian Boyfriend" part comes in.

With a scowl, he marches up to EB, picks him up effortlessly (by his underarms, he was not being rough or malicious) and sticks him in a highchair made for toddlers- meaning it's much too small and EB is now stuck sitting in one place. EM is freaking out more than she ever did and begins to hit Sarge, beating his head (pretty pathetically, might I add). This is no sweat to Sarge. He moves slowly, letting her hit him a couple of times and then grabs each of her wrists. He pulls a move and basically now she has her arms pinned behind her back and she is still screaming.

EM: "LET ME GO! LETMEGO-LETMEGO-LETMEGO-LETMEGO YOU FUCKING COSSACK!!!"

Sarge: (EXTREMELY heavy Russian Accent) "No- I have lost all respect for you to unhand you when you're the one acting like a FUCKING animal!" *shoves her into a seat*

Once she's sitting and Sarge is standing over her, she gets quiet. The only sounds to be heard are Comrade growling and EB whimpering. He has a stare-down and she looks away, scared. I know she was scared specifically not just from the way she was sweating, but how she tried to bolt for the door past Sarge. She actually made it, but it was locked. One of the staff came out from the kitchen, trying to restrain her, but he just got punched in the face. She pounded on the door (never mind her SON still trapped in the highchair) because apparently she saw police outside. Sarge saw them too, so he didn't worry about EM anymore. Instead, now that Emma was calm enough to command, he called her over to perch on his arm and got me napkins to clean me up, apologizing as he helped me.

When the cops were inside the premise, EM did not waste any time before claiming:

EM: "OFFICERS! Thank goodness you're here! *points to the couple innocently cleaning up a sticky mess* Those RUSSIANS stole my service dog, assaulted me AND my son, and had their hawk attack us too! Thank GOD you're here- they locked me in!!"

The officers were alarmed yet slightly confused. The accusations were alarming, but the call they received was totally different than the story that EM was telling them.

McDonald's employee who got punched in the face and has a bloody nose now: "Allow me to present 'Exhibit A.'"

He holds up his phone to the crowd so they can see the screen- it's a video! I couldn't help but laugh. EM went pale and tried to bolt past the officers (again forgetting her son) but she didn't even make it to the doors.

She was charged with attempted theft, animal cruelty, disruption of property, vandalism, assault, resiting arrest, lying to an officer, disrupting the peace, and even child endangerment. She went from a hot-headed psycho to a blubbering and apologetic "'single-mother' who needs sympathy." As they were detaining her and figuring out what to do with the child in terms of the other parent or CPS, they asked, "Who's the manager?"

Coolly smirking and still mostly covered in ice-cream, I raise my hand, and in an All-American accent reply: "This bitch."

The look on EM's face! *gasps* Priceless! I had to hold back more laughter as we took care of some paperwork, answered questions, and pressed charges.

We took the rest of the day off and I could finally laugh until I almost threw up. Nothing in the moments before the arrest was even remotely humorous, it was living hell, but I don't think it would be too much of a stretch to say the ending made up for it.

We ended up getting $5,000 in charges (not including the cost to fix the window which she or insurance also paid for) and Comrade got all the belly-rubs he could ever ask for. Though, I don't really let other strangers touch him anymore... Probably because of this. Thanks Sarge, my wonderful, sweet, Russian boyfriend! :)

(Also I don't know what happened to the kid or mom but I know the mom at least got some jail time)


EDIT: Okay so this has been up for less than 12 hours and it has gotten gold, silver *and* platinum!? 2k upvotes!? And my first post! THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!

Here's an FAQ brought to you by the comments:

-Yes Comrade is a good boy.
-I have been giving him all of the belly rubs for everyone.
-I can't post a picture of Emma the Barn Owl since she's not legally ours.
-I can't show the video that the McDonald's employee recorded due to law.
-Pictures of my "art" I can post sometime!
-Sarge doesn't train dogs exclusively anymore. He does private top-dollar clients who want their dog specialized in protection only (he can't be training everyone's dog, unfortunately!) But currently his main job is as a Bounty Hunter.

And the most frequently asked thing...

-A picture of Comrade? Sure! I've posted a picture of him to r/goodboys! (Let me known if I should post more of him 😊)

Again, thank you all!!! <3/nBackstory: My dad is a Doctor, his family was extremely strict on him and only him. He was the oldest and his father never liked him, this sort of strict punishment somehow lead him to have a successful career and lifestyle. He lived with his two brothers, sister, mother, and father till he moved out of their house and went far away.

Cast: MD - My Dad, EA - Entitled Aunt, My Mom,  I/Me

Also, big reminder, all of these conversations below will be paraphrased into the basic meaning as I either don’t remember or it’s to long to put in a story.

When my dad left his family to be with my mom, they didn’t help him in any way possible, whether it was financial or emotionally, they denied.  Everything changed when he finally managed to get a Medical Degree however, we finally managed to be well educated, left for a better home, and managed a successful life. 

I remember this one time when it all started, it was years ago and I remember it went something like this,

EA: “I’ve noticed that you’ve finally gotten your Medical Degree, right?”

MD: “Yes, we’ve managed to also get a new house and things are going great, thanks for asking.”

EA: “Oh, that’s nice. So do you think you could give anything for your supporting family?”

My mom is confused, but my dad speaks hesitantly,

MD: “Uh, maybe, how much do you need, I think I can help.”

EA: “Of course, as expected any good brother should care for his family.”

This repeated several times, my dad ended up giving large chunks of money in the ten thousand ranges, during this time his abusive dad left their grandma and went far away on his own into somewhere we don’t know anymore. This caused my aunt to become even more spoiled and messaged my dad something that went like this a few years ago.

EA: “What the heck? Why have you stopped paying for our expenses, don’t you love your family?”

My dad sees this is blinded by love for his family, Entitled Aunt also uses their mom as an excuse for my dad to pay, this results in even more money going to them and Entitled Aunt using it to buy lavish trips around the world for herself instead of food or housing. She wastes roughly 25-50k, a 4 year food plan, in almost 6 months.

Just about 3 years ago, Entitled Aunt becomes married, I don’t know how but she did it. Her husband wasn’t in a good financial situation, and big surprise, she has a child. When her child was just a few years old, she wanted my dad to pay for his clothes, food, toys, babysitter, and almost even education with all her money going to her including her husbands money.

This went on until now, my mom slapped some sense into my dad, I was on my mothers side and convinced him to let them manage to handle themselves, my dad had a rough time deciding, but decided to stop giving Entitled Aunt any more money.

By this time, Entitled Aunt was infuriated, she threatened to sue my dad from what I remembered, and said that they’d all die if he didn’t help, she basically messaged my dad and mom this,

EA “Why have you stopped paying for our financial situation?”

MM: “You mean your expenses on expensive hotels and trips?”

Entitled Aunt gets mad at this and replies,

EA: “THAT IS A LIE! GM HAS HELPED MD AND SHE DESERVES THE MONEY, IM NOT SPENDIMG THE MONEY ON ANYTHING EXPENISVE, I ONLY USE FOUR STAR HOTELS SO ITS FINE!”

MM: “You’re honestly just spoiled, that’s it, this money was meant for you to spent on food, unfortunately, you broke the boundary and spent it on yourself, we won’t help you anymore until you learn your lesson, good luck!”

EA: “YOU UNGRATEFUL BASTARDS, YOU’LL APOLOGIZE FOR THIS!”

My traumatized dad wanted to help but managed to let go. So far we’ve never heard from her again and I’m happy about it, I honestly hope she’s managed to get a better habit, perhaps a job like my hard working parents and be good with money.

Sometimes, my dad helps my grandmother pay for groceries as he know she won’t waste it on treating herself. Now we live in a healthier life, one where Entitled Aunt doesn’t control our lives, and now that he stopped paying for her lifestyle, things have been way better frankly.

EDIT: Grammar mistakes c:

Edit 2: Fixed the abbreviation issues and made topics a bit more descriptive./nYes you read that title right.

For some context, I'm a 16 year old girl and I'm extremely thin due to an insanely fast metabolism that runs in my family.

I went to a park with my boyfriend to take my dog for a walk, and everything was going fine

Meet the lovely cast-

BF- Boyfriend

Me- Your Wonderful Host

EM- Entitled Mum

KM- Kind man

Freddie Mercury- My dog (great name I know lol)

Okay here we go,

So me and my boyfriend were just minding our business, walking Freddie and talking about the new Captain Marvel Movie we had seen the previous night (we're crazy marvel fans)

As we're walking down the path, a wild Karen appeared with her 2 kids. When she saw me she let out a way too dramatic gasp and yanked her kids away from me and BF.

BF- Excuse me, is there a problem miss?

EM- Yes! It's you! *she said pointing her finger at me*

EM- How DARE you walk around here like that! There are children here!

Me- I'm sorry? I'm not following

EM-You are teaching MY children to be anorexic!

I knew where this was going, I often get comments about my appearance and I'm usually mistaken for having an eating disorder

BF- No she isn't, please leave us alone

We start walking away and my BF tries to calm me down as I'm very insecure about myself

Then, the EM grabs my wrist and tugs me back

Me- What the Fuck?! Let go of me!

EM- No! I'm going to have you arrested for teaching my children to have an eating disorder

Me- I haven't even talked to them! And I'm not anorexic. You also shouldn't throw that word around, some people are very sensitive!

(my sister struggled with an eating disorder which really messed up our family so I don't like the subject)

My boyfriend pushes her away from me

EM screams like a banshee

EM- ASSAULT! SOMEONE CALL THE POLICE!

EM was fake crying and her kids looked miserable, like this was regular behavior for the EM

People were staring at this point

Me- Just leave us alone you dimwit!

EM got red in the face

She raised her hand to hit me but BF grabbed her hand, pushed her back

She screamed again

KM notices us (it wasn't that hard to hear her screaming) and walks over

KM- What's wrong ma'am?

EM- Her! She's FORCING my ANGELS to become anorexic just like her

The KM looks over at me and my BF, I'm on the verge of tears and my BF is standing with his arms folded and a pissed look on his face

KM- I can assure you that's not what happened, I saw and heard the whole thing

KM- If you don't leave these two alone I'll have to call the police

EM was fuming at this point

EM grabs her two kids and rushes out of the area

Never saw her again, don't want to.

Karens these days, Am I right?/nHi I’m a doctor and found that sub just recently. 

This happened a few years ago but it’s still stuck with me. 
I was working in the ER night shift(around 3 in the night) . With me there were 1 other doctor, 2 nurses and a nice lady at the front desk managing everything. 

We were treating 2 people when Entitled Mom(EM) with her nice Kid(NK) (4-5y)enters. 
The kid fell from his high bed and his knee was bleeding and his ankle hurt. 

They were told to wait a few minutes since we were not really busy. I’m just helping the gentleman I treated when we get the message of a really bad car accident and 3 emergency transports are on the way to us. A child included. 

I immediately call 2 additional doctors, a paediatrician, additional nurses and tell to prepare the operating rooms. Just in case. 
So they arrive. Turns out we could treat everyone without operation exept for the child. He had been injured pretty bad and needed surgery. It was looking really bad. So the paediatrician and the operating doctors rush him to surgery. 

So in the mean time I clean a room and get to EM and NK. 
They have complained to the front lady 3 times(in around one hour). Since everyone was busy I get out to them myself to get him into my small ER room. 

She was fuming. 
Em: “WHY DID WE HAVE TO WAIT THAT LONG?!” 
Me:”well I’m really sorry but we had a really bad emergency and...”’
Em:” I don’t care! We were here first! Don’t you hear my kid crying?!”

The kid was playing quietly. 
Em: “HE IS IN PAIN AND YOU LET HIM SUFFER! YOU LIKE TO DO THAT TO KIDS DONT YOU!?”
The front lady comes. 
FL: “is there a problem?”
Me: “oh I guess not I’m going to take them to treatment” 

Not good enough to the mother. 
Me: “can you bring your kid in the room so he doesn’t have to walk?” 

Em:”don’t you apologise to him?!” 
Me:” listen. I’m sorry you had to wait but  I just can’t see the future. There was an emergency and we had to treat them first. Please come with me now”

Em: “but we were told we had to wait a few minutes.” 
FL:” yes but we can’t plan everything now bring your kid in the room”

She actually does it. The kid wasn’t actually in pain as long as he didn’t walk around so I could start without the kid being really scared. I treated the knee. He had to wear a supportive splint for the  ankle a few weeks but that’s it. 
This kid was very brave, didn’t cry at all and asked many questions. I rewarded him with candy afterwards. 

So. About the splint. 
You don’t have to pay it but you give it back when the injury is healed. She didn’t want that. She wanted to keep it for whatever reason. But my shift was over and I headed home. 

I means I get it somehow. I’m a mom too and I’m also scarred when my child is hurt(even if I’m a professional). You are both tired and don’t want to be here at night. But imagine if the child in the emergency was yours and dies because of a scratched knee. 

Edit: the kid from the crash is indeed fine and healthy today /nI'm on PC so the formatting should be alright however English is not my mother tongue !

This is going to be long sorry !

A bit of backstory:

This happened almost 2 years ago.

I was  4 months pregnant when this happened he we had just found out the gender of the baby.

We had told our parents the week before.

&#x200B;

Now my mother has always been controlling and a all around nightmare but this time she really blew everything out of proportions.

&#x200B;

On to the story:

My  mother calls me one day which is not abnormal and we talk about my second sister (I have two and I'm the eldest) who had gotten a new boyfriend a month ago and just told everyone that she was engaged. (She announced it also a week ago around the same time I told everyone about my baby's gender.)

&#x200B;

I thought she was going a bit fast but whatever its none of my business !

So my mother tells me that she is back to organizing my sister's wedding and making my daughter's dress.

(my sis was with another guy for 4 years and they were also engaged and were preparing the wedding but he cheated on her and left her).

And then the conversation went like this:

Mom: so since you have a daughter I will have to make her a dress as well for the wedding !

Me: Uh...sure? We have a bit of time before that don't you think ? When is sis planning on getting married anyways ? Did they set out a date ?

Mom: not really but they think of doing it in 2 years time ! 

Me: Oh ! Ok...

Mom: so your daughter should be walking by then I think so she will be able to carry your sis's veil with the other children !

Me: Well we'll see !

Mom:..... What do you mean "we'll see ??"

Me: well she isn't even born yet so its maybe better not to plan things so far ahead !

Mom: no it will be fine and we will do it as I said !

Me: Mom, we'll see that's all I can say ! So let's change topic please.

Mom: I have to hung up anyway !

And she hangs up in my face...

I was a bit shocked but I thought that she would sulk as usual and that it would be over after 2 weeks of cold shoulder from her.

The next day I get a call from my youngest sis who was leaving with my parents at the time (she was 16).

She warned me that my mother blew the f up and actually cried and said that I had completely screwed the image that she had of MY daughter (WTF??) and that she didn't feel like my daughter's grandma anymore.

&#x200B;

So I decided to call her to clear things out because I didn't understand her reaction !

Sure enough she was cold shouldering me but I'm used to that so I asked her what the matter was.

Mom: How could you tell me we'll see when I told you about your daughter carrying the veil ??! That was not okay !! It was really disrespectful for me and to your sis as well ! (I called her afterwards and she didn't even know what I was talking about !)

Me: mom I just told you that we shouldn't plan anything before she is at least born !!! I'm only 4 months pregnant ! 

Just calm yourself !!

Mom: I can't be calm ! How can you deny me the chance to imagine my granddaughter ??!

Me: What ??! Also I haven't talked about it with BF and maybe he doesn't want our daughter to do that ! And maybe my daughter won't want to do it too ! I'm not gonna force her just for your benefit !

Mom: you better do it because I will tell everyone you ruined your sis's wedding ! And it's a tradition so you have no choice really and your BF doesn't have a say since its in our family !!

Me : he is HER FATHER!!!! (I was getting frustrated by then) and I told you maybe what more do you want from me ??!

Mom: I told all my friends at work and they all told me that it was cute so you should just have told me that your daughter carrying the veil was cute and then shut the f up ! (every time she is arguing with someone she tells everybody she meets to be seen as the victim)

Me: well I'm telling you now that it's a NO ! 

I hang up.

For once I stood up because it was for my daughter and I cold shouldered her for a month.

Of course she told everybody that I was such an ungrateful brat but I didn't care and she came back to me after a while and acted like nothing had happened.

I let her because I didn't want to deprive my daughter of her grandmother but sometimes I ask myself if I shouldn't have stayed away....

Anyways, thanks for reading and I do hope this belongs here, if not you can tell me !

Edit: thank you so much for the silver !/n
Hello again. I’ve come with another story, but this time under the category of entitled parents. Sorry for the formatting, I’m on mobile, EM= entitled mom, IK= innocent child, me=(duh), F=friend, yada yada yada. Buckle your seatbelts, because I’m sparing no details. This is gonna be a long one.

Some background

As the title suggests, this post is not about me but rather my good friend. We’ve been friends since I moved a few years ago. I have to admit that one of my main motivations for becoming his friend in the beginning is because of his sick robotic arm. He was born with both arms, but had to get his right arm amputated after he contracted frostbite when skiing in Colorado with his parents and got a life-threatening infection. So he had this arm for maybe 4-5 years (we’re both 15) and has gotten it “upgraded” since he first got it. It started off as a simple exoskeleton-like arm with robotic joints that responded to the nerves in his arm, but there was a four second delay between him willing the fingers to move and the fingers actually moving. This meant that the only useful thing to do was being able to hold things. Over the years his parents paid more and more money to make the arm better, and the arm is awesome. It looks a lot more like a real arm with the exception of it being purple. There’s also only a half second delay as well. He can basically do anything now (throw can catch things, use a gaming controller, type, etc.)

The story

This happened about two years ago. My friend and I were on our eighth grade school trip to King’s Dominion, a popular amusement park where we lived. We were allowed to go wherever we wanted with minimal supervision so long as we checked in at a set location every two hours. My friend and I had just gotten back from riding a popular ride with a half hour wait time and decided to get a funnel cake to split. We got our food and sat down at one of the few empty tables. We were digging in when we saw the stars of the show, EM and her innocent little boy (maybe 5 or 6) sit down next to us. IK was about to eat the sundae that EM he bought for him when he noticed my friend’s arm. Now, my friend never tried to hide his arm. He thought it was as awesome as I thought it was. So IK, being the totally innocent little kid he was, just stared at his arm for about a minute. F saw the kid and just smiled, lifting his hand and making the arm wave at him. IK squealed in delight, which prompted EM to look up. She seemed as surprised as he was and began asking questions.

EM: What happened to your arm? 
F: I had to get it amputated from a frostbite-related infection.
EM: That sounds terrible, are you alright?
F: Yeah, I’m fine. I’ve gotten used to it.
EM: Can I get a closer look at it? 
F (shrugging): sure.

He walked over to their table and sat between the EM and IK, laying his arm on the table so they could look at it. 

IK: Can I touch it? 
F: I would prefer if you didn’t, it’s very expensive.
EM: Oh come on, all he wants to do is touch it, it’s not like he’ll break it or anything.
F (visibility uncomfortable): ok then.

IK taps the arm a few times (I believe the internals parts of the arm are metal, but the external parts are made of some kind of hard, heat-resistant plastic.) He then points to a small switch close to the stump of his shoulder. 

IK: What does that do?
F: Please don’t touch it, that will detach my arm.
IK: What does “detach” mean?
F: It means my arm will fall off.

IK gasps and looks frightened. My friend quickly assures him that it wouldn’t hurt. During this whole conversation, EM is just looking from him to his arm and then back to him. Every once in a while she would look over her shoulder as if she was considering stealing it. The kid recovers from his shock and continues to ask questions.

IK: Can you make it fall off so I can wear it?
F (laughing): You wouldn’t be able to wear it, you have both arms. Besides, it’s really hard to put back on.

The kid looks disappointed, but doesn’t throw a fit or push him further. The EM, however, looks like she just wants to yeet my friend over the bridge we were sitting by. 

EM: Don’t say no to IK! He’s a good little boy, let him play with your arm. He’s been good all week, he deserves to play with it.

F: Sorry m’aam, this arm cost about 10k, I don’t have any insurance for it and I just can’t risk damaging it. He can’t keep touching it if he wants.

EM: Please, that arm didn’t cost that much! Right? (She looks at me.)

Me: Yeah, it did cost that much. I’ve seen some of the bills he’s gotten for the parts (my friend used to show me the bills every time he got new parts for his arm.) 

EM: Well that doesn’t matter, just let IK play with it! 

F: sorry, no.

IK: Mommy can I go on (insert ride name here)?

EM: One minute honey. I’m just telling this boy to let you play with your arm more.

IK: But mom, he doesn’t want me to play with it anymore.

EM (turning back to my friend and raising her voice): Let him play with it!!!! 

She began to tug at his arm, trying to freaking pull it off. The only thing I knew about his arm connector thing was that it was attached to his shoulder by clamps, and he was in visible pain.

F: Stop, that really hurts!!

EM: I don’t care! Give it to me!!!

IK: Mommy, stop!

Me: Stop pulling his arm, lady! You’re hurting him!

EM is just pulling harder at this point. She must have somehow flipped the switch that releases the clamps, because the arm came flying off, soaring behind the EM and hitting the corner of a railing with a really loud whack. My friend immediately ran over to it and checked it for damages. The EM grabbed her son and began quickly waddling away, but I saw a security guard behind her and quickly informed him on what happened. He caught up to her and she tried swatting him away, but he stood in front of her and called more guards over. They escorted her and her son from the park and we never saw either of them again. My friend was extremely upset, as the wrist of the arm had slammed into the sharp corner of the railing which has severed most of the wires connecting the wrist to the forearm, and many of the circuits and other parts were destroyed. He called his mom and she took us both home early. We told her about what happened and she said that she would try and find out how much repairs would be. 

They turned out to be around $2,000 USD. His parents couldn’t afford the repairs at the moment so he set up a GoFundMe page. Within a week he had received the money for repairs. The internet is really cool sometimes. 

Thanks for reading!

Edit: I’m getting a lot of questions about how bad the security was and why my friend didn’t press charges. They basically booted her out after securing her personal information and told my friend he could use it if he wanted to press charges, which he didn’t due to stress. The bodyguards were nice people, and they did their job.

TL DR: I’m at an amusement park with my friend, kid wants to play with friends bionic arm, kid gets tired of it, mom tries to pull arm off his shoulder, damages it, and tries to run away./n Anne Rantier murdered her 3yo son, 32 years ago, and waited the end of statute of limitation for murder in France (30 years), to publish a book about how she choose to "free" her son. She was interviewed by Konbini like a regular author, the inverviewer never questionns her acts as she is making herself a saint and a victim \[she manages to say she didn't pay attention to the timing, it was a coincidence that it was no longer possible for her to be punished for murder\]. Because there is no way her son could keep on living with that condition, so she choose for him. He was able to laugh but he would laugh with his doctor like he laughed with her, showing, according to her, that he did not recognize her. She told on Konbini that she poisonned him and it took 3 days for him to die.  
Entitled mom choose for her son to die cos his disability is too "heavy".  
[http://lavdn.lavoixdunord.fr/547014/article/2019-03-05/trente-ans-apres-elle-explique-pourquoi-elle-mis-fin-la-vie-de-son-fils-de-trois](http://lavdn.lavoixdunord.fr/547014/article/2019-03-05/trente-ans-apres-elle-explique-pourquoi-elle-mis-fin-la-vie-de-son-fils-de-trois) /nSo, this story happened to me a few years ago, so my memory might be a little foggy. Some parts filled in by my classmates and parents. Important for the story; I am deathly allergic to tree nuts, such as pistachios, hazelnuts, almonds, cashews, you get it.

&#x200B;

Lets meet our cast;

EM: Entitled Mother

EB: Entitled Brat

Me: Me

F: Friend

C: Coach

&#x200B;

This story takes place during an after-season pizza party for my youth soccer team, probably 14-15 young kids, maybe 9-11 years old each. We had a perfect season, only losing 3 games out of around 15. To celebrate, the coaches and parents chipped in to buy pizza and soda for the kid. Only about 3 parents actually helped with the party, one of which was our EM. EM's child, EB, was an extremely entitled, selfish, and attention-hogging kid. During our season, he had severe anger issues. He would pick up the ball in the middle of a game, and throw it at the other kids, or into the woods/away from the game. He would push the goalie over and kick the ball in, even if it was our team's goalie. Nobody could ever stop him, simply because of the fact that he'd either hit them or EM would have a screaming fit. EM,  from what I heard in later years from my parents, had blackmailed the coach into forcing EB to get almost constant playing time. EM had tried to bring the team some extra treats for the party, most likely to help for our school's nearing PTA elections. She had brought Hershey's chocolate bars, all of them with almonds. This is where our dialogue begins.

&#x200B;

EM: Alright kids! Come and get your chocolate bars!

*The kids run over to grab bars, me in the back, as I was already preoccupied and was late to arrive*

F: Uhm, Mrs. EB's mom, this have almonds in them. Me is allergic.

EM: Oh? I have never heard this before.

Me: I've told you multiple times. (Note: I wear one of those red bracelets with a message on it, listing off what I'm allergic to and emergency numbers to call if I somehow eat something)

EM: This is a lie. You're probably just making this up anyway, you ungrateful brat. You probably just hate EB!

Me: When did I say I hated EB?

EM: *Unwrapping the chocolate bar* Young man, you need to take this bar. It's very rude to deny a gift.

Me: No, I'm allergic. I'll die, see? *I show her my bracelet*

EM: *Rips the bracelet off my wrist, as its only bound by one of those cheap plastic clips you find on a backpack*

EM: This is probably fake anyway! You're lying about your allergies because you hate me, you ungrateful little shit!

EM then proceeds to take the unrapped chocolate, grab my wrist, and force it into my hand. This almost immediately causes an allergic reaction, my hand becoming numb, red, yellow, and purple, as well as swollen and covered in hives. (All this took about 1-2 minutes after she did it). While it was happening, I had thrown the chocolate bar on the floor and ran to the bathroom to wash my hands off, with F trailing me, holding my Epi-Pen in her hand. I washed it off, but the damage was done. I went through the injection process, breathing heavily, while F went to get the nearest coach. EM and EB had followed me, without me noticing.

&#x200B;

EM: What are you doing? You're injecting yourself with drugs in front of my baby?

Me: *Heavy breathing* You idiot! I'm allergic to almonds, and this is my Epi-Pen! *i hold it up for her to see, then sit down on the bathroom tile, feeling very light-headed and nauseous*

Another 10 seconds and F and Coach have arrived.

&#x200B;

C: What the hell is going on here?

EM: This little shit injected drugs in front of my precious EB and is lying about his allergy!

C: Me, what happened? Are you okay?

He walks over and looks at my hive-covered, red and swollen arm, then at the used Epi-Pen I'm holding.

Me: *Still heavy breathing and half crying, holding on the sink as I stand up* EM said I didn't have an allergy, shoved that chocolate on my hand, and then yelled at me while I was trying to fix it..

C: Okay, I'll call your mom and she'll come get you.

EM: But..but..that little fucker took drugs in front of EB! He should be arrested!

EB: Yeah! He's doing drugs and he tried to hit me! *Starts fake crying*

C: *Yelling* No, bitch! You need to be arrested! And control your entitled brat!

EM: What did you just call my little angel? I can get you fired!

F: Shut up EM! Look at Me, he's going to die if we don't do something!

Coach escorts me to the school's office and gets a hold of my mom, who rushes out. It only takes her about 5 or so minutes, as we lived close to the school. After she picked me up, I was taken to the hospital in a neighboring town, maybe 10 minutes away. I ended up fainting/passing out on the way there, in and out of consciousness. All I really remember is F coming with us and telling my mom what had happened, and both of my parents taking me home afterwards.  We never spoke to EM again, threatening her with a court case on 'child endangerment'. My dad told me that she ended up getting kicked off the PTA and was barred from school grounds. She ended up taking EB and moving out of state.

&#x200B;

Sorry if it didn't have an arrest and a satisfying ending, but it's my first story, and I hope you enjoyed.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thanks for the upvotes! Probably going to repost on r/VoiceyHere

Edit 2: Holy shit thanks for the Silver, kind stranger!

Edit 3: Holy shit, gold?! What the fuck?!/nThis is basically a continuation of my last post. If you havent read it, you wont get it. 
Okay, I'm literally in tears while writing this. I got a phone call from my best friend, who happens to be the younger sister of the bride in my last part, and it went like this:
Me:Yello? What's up, Sophia(not real name)?
Sophia:(Sounds as if she was crying)*Sniffles* I cant hang out with you anymore.
Me:WHAT?
Her:My mom says that you're sexually abusing other girls.
The convo went downhill after this, basically going to her bawling and me too. It ends with her mom going "ARE YOU TALKING TO THAT SON OF A BITCH, CAT?!WHAT DID I TELL YOU!? The call violently and loudly ends, and I'm immediately blocked. On everything I own. And now EM posted on her FaceBook about how I raped her daughter,Sophia my best friend, and how they're changing schools. Its since been taken down because it was a lie, and many of my friends' parents were saying how I wouldn't do that. 
This literally is devastating me. I had a crush on her, she had a crush on me. We were planning to go on a real date for Valentines Day... Guys, I need some advice on what to do./nEM= Entitled mom

EK=kid with too many chromosomes, about 14-16 years old

ED=Entitled dad

Me= take a guess, am 15


This happened~3 months ago before summer break started.

So, I was going to the mall after school, and decided to take the bus. I only have to go for 12 miles, but that's a long time especially since traffic in Mumbai sucks, plus I had a heavy bag. The next stop from my school, EM, EK and ED get on. There was an empty seat besides mine, but these bumholes wanted my seat 


ED:"Move aside, my wife is tired"


Me:"There's an empty seat right here, take it if you want to"

ED:"You're a boy. She can't sit next to a boy"

Me: "no can do, I came here first, plus I have a heavy  bagpack" 

EK:"get out of seat you motherfucker"

EK then proceedes to grab my bag and yells "get up sister fucker" 

I comply, but keep thinking of ways to make their lives hell. I them remember I had some liquid ass in my bag (I used it for end of year prank) and decided to use it up. Obviously, I had to wait for the bus to empty up a bit so people could move away (didn't want to punish innocent people). When I was ~5 minutes from my stop, I decide to stand up and linger behind their seats. I slowly opened the bottle and poured out a few drops, a few on their clothes and a few more on their bags. I slowly walk away and watch them sniffing the air and literally gagging. I walk off the bus, feeling quite satisfied (I am quite immature) ./nThis happened the other morning. My amazing wife and I commute to work together on the train every morning. Our stops are only two apart so we use the time on the train as more quality time. But this story isn’t about what happens on the train. This story is about what happened at the station. 

Cast: 
Me: Me
EU: Entitled Uncle
ET: Entitled Teen
PO: police officers

My wife and I were standing on the train platform, talking and waiting for our train to get here. It was pretty early in the morning so he station was almost empty. We were vaguely aware of a teenage boy about 17 a bit farther down the platform so we weren’t acting like a couple (for safety reasons). After a few minutes a man (easily in his 50s) joins the teen and they begin to have a rather loud conversation about the teen’s up coming birthday.

Their conversation started out as simple excitement about the party, who’s invite, etc; but then it turns to the topic of the “entertainment”. The man starts asking the teen what he wants in an “entertainer”. He asks very specific questions that pertain to size. The man then pointed at my wife and I.

EU: So you want her to be sort of like them? 

I felt my wife tense up next to me.

ET: Exactly Like them. 

After a few more moments of talking, in hushed tones now, they men started walking over towards my wife and I. I grabbed my wife’s hand and squeezed it to let her know I would handle the situation. I’ve never been one to back down too easily. 

EU: Excuse me ladies. I’m sorry to bother you but I was wondering if you would be interested in coming to a party we’re throwing this weekend. My nephew here is turning eighteen.

Me: No. we are not interested in going to you party. And we aren’t interested in entertaining him either.

They stuttered out excuses: “Oh no you misunderstood...” “it’ll be fun...” “No pressure...” 

Me: No. We are not interested.

EU: Well your husband’s don’t have to know. Hell, they can come too! The more the merrier, right?

Me: My wife *i held up our hands to show them our rings.* and I are not interested. Leave us alone.

ET: Lesbians are always more fun.

EU: Oh come on ladies, you’re too pretty to be lesbians! Just come to the party. I’ll make sure you’re generously compensated for you time. Don’t you think he deserves a good time on his birthday?

Luckily the train showed up just as EU placed his hand on my shoulder. My wife wasted no time and dragged me on the train before EU and ET even knew what hit them. But they were too quick for us. The two of them got onto the car in front of ours, meaning that in order to get off the platform at the next stop we would have to walk right past them. As soon as we sat down I called the cops and asked them to send someone to meet us at the next station. I filled them in on what had happened and I was told that an officer was on his way to the station. 

My wife and I sat there, somewhat calmer, and just kept reassuring each other that everything was going to be fine. While the men didn’t out right seem violent or angry, neither of us wanted to chance anything. 

As the train came to a stop we saw the police officer standing there. We got up and walked straight for him, followed quickly by EU and ET.

PO: What seems to be the issue here? 

I filled him in on EU and ET’s request and explained that we didn’t feel safe. Then EU said probably the stupidest fee sentences I think I have ever heard.

EU: Officer, let me explain. My nephew here is turning eighteen this weekend. He is a good kid, he studies, he works, he gets things done. I think he deserves a good time. So I intended on paying for an entertainer. My nephew expressed interest in these young ladies and I offered to compensate them in exchange for their services. Since my nephew will be eighteen, no crime will be committed. 

The cop just stared at him like he was insane. Before explaining that prostitution is illegal and that my wife and I said no to his proposal so anything after that could be considered harassment.

EU: Well I’m sure these lovely young ladies don’t want us to get into any trouble, isn’t that right girls? 

I just smiled.

Me: I’d like to press charges please. 

The cop called for back up. Then the men were cuffed and taken a taken away. They were both charged with sexual harassment. I don’t know if we’ll go to court over it or if we’ll just settle out but I’ll update either way.

Happy birthday kid! Enjoy you’re brand new police record./nI (M, 15) was on a bus, with some other people, when a boy who looked to be about 7 came up to me.

K: Is that a Nintendo Switch?

Me: Yeah, it is.

K: Cool! I’ve always wanted one. What game are you playing?

M: Smash.

K: Can I play?

Me: Sure.

We played for a few rounds, and every time he won he got really excited, which was kind of cute. After like 30 minutes of playing, his mom came up to us.

M: Honey, could you go back to our seats for a bit?

K: Yep!

Me: Can I do something for you?

M then looked at me with a pleasant expression.

M: My son looked like he was having fun.

Me: Yeah.

M, quietly: Well, it’s almost his birthday..

Me, internally: Shit shit shit shit.

M: ..and I was planning on buying him one. What games would you recommend?

I was kinda shocked? I was expecting a “my son was having fun, give him your switch” or something. I ended up suggesting games like Splatoon 2, Smash, Pokémon Let’s Go, Mario Kart and Kirby Star Allies.

M: Thank you! I’ll keep them in mind.

Me: No problem!

M: Alright, K, say thank you.

K: Thanks!

It was a nice experience and I hope that kid got his Switch and is having fun.

TL;DR kid asked to play smash with me, his mom later came up and asked what switch games i’d recommend for him

Edit: the kid mostly played Mario and Pokémon characters./nSo to get to the point, my autistic younger brother (who was turning 7) was holding a birthday party at our house. Because he couldn't really chose who to invite to the party we decided to just invite everyone in his class and because everyone was so young, my parents decided to recommend that the parents come too for some coffee in a separate room. I was 19 at the time and decided to help organize the games and activities for my brother. The first game we played was a game where I would play some music and everyone would pass a parcel (with a toy inside) around until I stopped the music. The plan was that I would make it so that everyone would get a present at the end (by rigging it of course), but of course that didn't work out. Maybe in the middle of the game, a young girl who we'll just refer to as Britanny (because that's my least favourite girl name no offence to any Brittany's) who (keep in mind) had won just before, held onto the parcel and refused to hand it around. I asked her why and her only reason was that she didn't like the present she got. Thinking to myself that it was just a kid being a kid I asked her if she would like another present and gave her a different parcel which she thankfully liked. Although I thought she was a little bratty at that point nothing prepared me for what happened next. Fast forward a bit, it's time to cut the cake. The adults came out from their own private room and prepare to celebrate while I brought out the cake from the fridge and lit the candles. We began singing the happy birthday song, but before we can finish the word 'happy' Britanny starts screaming at the top of her lungs. 

Britanny: MOM I WANT TO BLOW THE CANDLES

EM: No sweetie, this isn't your birthday

Brittany: (insert surprised pikachu face) 

I guess she was use to getting everything from her mom because she exploded into a fit as if she was dying or something. Despite this, I gestured to my brother to blow the candles out and he did, with a bright smile on his face. 

Britanny: MOM CAN I CUT THE CAKE PLEASEEE! 

EM: Ok, sure

She reached for the knife, but I grabbed it first. I pulled it behind my back and told her that my younger brother was going to cut it himself. Honestly I was surprised that the mother gave up that quickly on her child. While EM began pleading with my parents, I looked around for Britanny but didn't see her. I assumed she had gone to the toilet to weep or something so I just gave my brother the knife. While this was happening EM began talking about how my brother didn't deserve to cut the cake because he was autistic and probably wouldn't even remember it or appreciate it. Although I was pretty fucking irratated, I held it in so that my brother could just enjoy his birthday. He looked pretty startled at the heated conversation between my parents and EM so I smiled at him comfortingly like any normal sister would. He reached in to cut the cake but before he could even cut a slice a large knife, much larger than the steel cake knife came rushing down a ear deafening 'diiing' sound followed, and it took me a while to see the blood on the knife and even worse, the top of my brother's index finger lying on the cake. I screamed pretty loudly and I think it took an extra minute or two for my parents to realise too. What happened next was pretty personal but basically Britanny's defense was that she was trying to cut the cake before my younger brother which was pathetic. The mother then worsened the situation by stating that my brother was autistic and shouldn't even be alive. (I was really hurt by that) and this was the maddest I've seen my parents who are usually quite chill people. I realise that I talk about this like it happened years ago, but it actually only happened last week. My brother is recovering and my parents are deciding whether or not to take legal action if they can. If it makes you feel any better Britanny was forced to quit the school due to the harassment she received from other students, and although she was really a retard, I blame it on the pathetic excuse of the mother. Thanks for reading and I hope your finger doesn't get chopped off by an EK. 


TL;DR: Birthday of brother. EK wants to cut cake. We say no. EK cuts my brother's finger off by accident. Mother defends her by verbally berating my brother for being autistic. Thinking whether or not to take legal action if we can. 


/nThis is a story from last year but i'm still bristling about it so thought it was worth a retell. I tacked a few days holiday onto a work trip to Charleston and had got an airbnb out on the coast with husband and two old friends who lived in NY (they flew out to stay with us for the weekend) 

&#x200B;

it was a real old friend catch up, very boozy but very chilled out. We'd been out for lunch on the second day and heading back to the house, We all grabbed a drink and went out onto the back garden deck thing to be greeted by the sight of a woman by the pool with two kids splashing around. As soon as she saw us she ran over shouting and screaming at us - for a second we all thought we were in the wrong house.

&#x200B;

Anyway, the entitled woman  (i'll call her Karen) started screaming at us saying she'd been waiting for us for thirty minutes and in the end had to break the back gate to get in so the kids could use the pool, how her kids had got really hot and that we needed to get them some drinks  and snacks NOW. 

&#x200B;

My friend found her voice first and asked her what the fuck was going on and what was this woman doing in our pool. Karen explained / ranted that she was best friends with owners (but didn't know their names) and  they let her use the pool when there weren't guests at the house - we pointed out that we were in fact guests, Karen retaliated saying that no one was in when she arrived and she knew the owner would want her kids to be happy and we need to sort out those drinks and snacks for her kids.

&#x200B;

Meanwhile i'm calling the owner who isn't picking up and the argument is getting heated with my husband telling the now very angry woman to get the fuck out of the backyard. She get the kids out the pool whilst shouting that we weren't using the pool anyway, how unhappy we were making the kids and how we need to put the kids first (i think the language coming out your face is upsetting them more actually Karen) . 

&#x200B;

Her parting shot as she leaves is to take the piss out of my accent (brit) and then to finish us all off she tells us that we must be paedophiles to come away as a childfree group of four and that she was going to call the police on us.

&#x200B;

We were still so confused hours later. When the owner eventually called me back it turns out the woman is a relative of the woman who ran the cleaning company they used and have never once been invited to use the pool! total fucking craziness - but it did give us a good holiday story i suppose!  /nHello, boys and girls. It's me again with another story about my entitled stepmother. For those of you who haven't read my other stories, here's a link to the first that gives a detailed history of her being in my life:

https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/be361b/entitled_stepmother_wears_white_to_a_wedding_to/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

To make a long story short though, my father married my stepmother 14 years ago when I was 8. She's kind of been the wicked stepmother that you see in Cinderella and to just give a brief example of this, she's been verbally and emotionally abusive to my father, sister, and I since she's been in our life. She's put my father thousands of dollars in debt due to her not having a job and endless shopping sprees and my father hasn't divorced her because he has a fear of being alone and at this point in time, he says that it's cheaper to keep her; a full explanation of this is in the post above. 

My stepmother likes to think the world revolves around her. She's a hypochondriac with many "ailments" and has a pain pill addiction. To put the pain pill addiction into perspective, when my siblings had their wisdom teeth taken out, she wouldn't let them take their pain meds because they were "addictive" and she was sneaking them for herself; that was the nicest she had ever been for a whole week.

She's currently trying to get on disability for kidney stones, yes, kidney stones, though she quit her nice paying job 10 years ago, and tried to work at McDonald's for 3 days before getting fired for cussing out the manager (she says she couldn't see the buttons on the register, but we live in a small town and I knew people in middle school). 

My family has a history of back problems. My father has a few discs screwed up in his back and a little over a year and a half ago, it got to the point where he was having shooting pains down his thigh, couldn't do his manual labor job, and was walking with a cane at the ripe age of 44. I didn't live with them at the time, but I knew about my father's issues and with him being the only one making money in the family, him being out of work was a big issue.

So, my dad saw a few doctors and they recommended to him a surgery where they would fuse a couple of discs in his spine and it would take care of a most of his pain, and hopefully help with the state he was in. 

My stepmother, who is 8 years his elder, started complaining of neck issues at this time as well. She'd moan and groan about it to anyone and everyone while my father is hobbling just trying to get something from the refrigerator. 

My dad scheduled his appointment about a month in advance so he'd have everything lined up. My stepmother knew this date very well and she knew that she'd be expected to help him out after the surgery. 

She started seeing her own doctors and complaining about very similar pains in her neck that sounded like the ones in my father's back. The doctor she saw also recommended a very, very similar surgery and she scheduled a date...

...for the day before my father's. 

Now, to note, I was 20 at the time, but I lived with my boyfriend and his dad over 30 mins away. I was able to take the day off of work to take him up to the hospital for his surgery, but I wasn't able to take anymore days off to help out around the house because we were short staffed. My stepbrother and stepsister who were 17/16 at the time were still in high school so they weren't able to help out much as well. The only other viable option was for them to spend a few days at my stepgrandfather's house (who is in his 80s, but is as healthy as someone my age) until they could heal a little and head home. 

My stepmother had her surgery and had to stay overnight for observation. My much older stepsister stayed at the hospital with her that night. 3 am the next morning, I wake up and make the 30 min drive to my dad's house and him, my aunt, and I drive another 40 mins to the hospital. We help him get booked up and everything, visit him before he went under, and everything was pretty okay.

He had been in surgery for about 3 hours when my stepmother calls me. She asks me to come up to her room and I internally groan because I did not want to deal with her, but I went up anyways because I knew she'd be doped up and probably tolerable. 

I walked into the room and she was sitting on the bed in a neckbrace, loudly chewing a piece of gum. She never asked about my dad, who she knew was in the operating room. She kept talking about how she was in pain, and she needed more medicine, and she was ready to go home, while loudly chewing her gum. 

She left the hospital before my dad came out of surgery. My stepsister took her to my stepgrandfather's and I went back to the waiting room to hang out with my aunt. 

My dad came out of surgery not long after that. We got to see him a couple of hours later and I swear I had never heard him talk so much in my life because the painkillers kinda had him loopy. 

They ended up not really having to do the original surgery. The reason for his shooting pains in his leg were due to a bone that had grown over and pinched a nerve. They honestly only had to shave that off and he was almost as good as new.

He got to go home that evening and we took him back to my stepgrandfather's, picked up his pain meds for him, and I went home 17 hours after I had left my house that morning. 

My stepmother was supposed to spend 6-9 weeks in a neck brace. She wore it for 4 and said fuck it. She only wore it again for her follow-up appointments and complained about the money the surgeries had cost. They had to sign up for financial assistance when my father was the only one who really needed the surgery and she just weaseled her way into getting one as well for the pain pills. She had to make it about her though. 

THE BEST PART THOUGH. 
 
Three months ago, she had to go back and get the surgery again, resulting in more money being shelled out. The fusion that they did for her didn't stick because she didn't wear her neck brace. She ended up having to wear a neck brace to my sister and stepbrother's graduation, and boy those pictures are going to look great in 15 years.

On the bright side though, my dad made a full recovery and was able to head back to work after being out for over 12 weeks, but God my stepmother drives me nuts./n*Insert Mobile schpiel *
You already know the roles

So a little backround, my dad grew up in Sicily  (the southern part of italy), and my mom grew up in naples and I was born there, we moved to America when I was young. 

So a few nights ago my parents were hosting a housewarming party, it was kinda fun, meeting the neighbors and stuff. My parents insisted on making all the food, I decided I would make up some pizza Margherita (I thought pizza would be a food most people would enjoy...) , I used my mother's recipe so you know it was authentic. Enter EM AND EK (they both looked like they weighted a collective Ton):

EM: Did you make the "Pizza"? (she said pizza with such disgust It sounded like it was made from sewer juice and rat shit)

Me: Yes I did, it's my mothers recipe. ( I thought it would be another compliment, I was getting them all night)

EM: EK doesn't like it.

Me: Oh, I'm sorry about that. Maybe try those: (I motion to a plate of arancini [which I also made])

EM: He doesn't like that.

Me: I can see if I can fix you up something else?

EK: NOOOOO, I want real pizza!!

Me: That's as real as it gets. (chuckling to break the tension)

EM: He wants real AMERICAN PIZZA, Dominos or pizza hut!

Me: I'm sorry about that but I dont think they're open now. (it was around 1 am)

EM: If you had time to make that shit....

Me: I'm sorry, What???

EM: THE LEAST YOU COULD DO WAS MAKE A REAL PIZZA! *under her breath* You Italians stealing us Americans foods

Me:* I put on my fakest customer service smile*, gosh I'm sorry to hear that, but there is nothing else I can do we're wrapping the party up now.

EM: We're leaving.

Was I supposed be offended?

EK proceeds to grab my nintendo switch and they walk out. I chase after them and tell them to give it back:

EM: We deserve this after that sorry excuse for a pizza.

I grab the switch for EK hands and go back inside (all I wanted was for the night to be over) 

EM runs after but trips on the stairs, as she hits the ground I hear a bunch of glass shatter. Turns out she was stealing my parents alcohol, expensive bottles of wine and whiskey all gone to waste.

She and EK Starts running away, she screams: Y'ALL A BUNCH OF NAZIS YOU, ITALIAN SCUM!!!

Me:  ARRIVEDERCI (Bucciarati style), SARÀ IL MIO! VAFFANCULO PEZZO DI MERDA! ( Closest English equivalent: Up yours,asshole!)

We just close the door and she was never invited back, she often shows up when we have guest over and we just turn her away.

Edit: FYI She broke a bottle of crystal head vodka, that was the worst part

TL:DR: EM and EK don't like real italian pizza, calls pizza American and tries to steal switch falls and shatters stolen alcohol./nI am new to this Reddit platform I am on mobile, BUT I am good at formatting

&#x200B;

I was turning 15 and I was having a party with 3 of my friends only but my brothers could come and join. but my mom said she invited her friends from yoga, they were all nice people but EM showed up late and she was really rude to everyone.

We had a Trampoline in our yard and his mom made everyone get off so EK could jump on it and even after EK got off EM told us we couldn't jump but we ignored her because we don't even know her.

We come in and start to do games and stuff I won but EM wanted EK to have the prize show she grabbed it from me and gave it to him,I figured since he was younger I would just let him, but I could tell the party was gonna go bad once we got to opening gifts.

&#x200B;

After lunch and the cake we went to open gifts in the living room. That was where my Xbox ONE and PS2 was.

I got some Xbox games and a new controller and EK grabbed it from me and tried to put the batteries in I took it back and told him to stop EM then started yelling at me for "stealing" from him and my mother calmed her down and told her she isn't here for her son to have her way.

&#x200B;

Me and my friends started playing games on the Xbox when EK started to grab the console and remove it.

Of course me and my friends grabbed it from him and that sent EM into a rage.

EM: what makes you think it's okay to steal from my son!

Me: I'm not stealing, it isn't his.

EM: it's little ones first! didn't you know?

Me: I don't know what planet you come from, but that's not how it works here.

EM: Excuse me?! I am the adult here!

Me: But not the one who runs this place!

EM: that's it! let's see what you mother will do about being rude!

She gets my mom and starts telling her in a distressed voice that I hit her son, of course she comes in and EVERYONE denies me hitting him and then tells EK to stop ripping the xbox out

EM gets mad again but my mom sends her out of the house and tells her not to return./nReading some of the stories on this subreddit reminded me of something that happened a year ago.

My mum had company over (she runs a small business) and they'd always bring their brat that I'd have to entertain. Now, I was in high school at the time. I had a pretty good gaming computer in my room. I was pretty tech-savvy (now studying CS) so I dual-booted Ubuntu and Windows.

The brat caught his eye on the PC because I was foolish enough to allow him into my room. Of course, he said he wanted to play on it. I declined to let him because I was running a compute benchmark on it (Prime95). He insisted on playing and made a fuss. His parents came in and told me to allow him to play. My parents, wanting to appease them told me to allow him.

OK, but I'm not going to restart the computer and boot into Windows for him to play games. I watched him try (and fail) to install Roblox on the computer. Roblox isn't out for Linux. He complained to his mother who was convinced that I did some trickery to not allow her *precious angel* to play.

I told her the truth that Roblox is not supported on Linux. She did not understand this and told me "then make it work!"

By now the child had thrown a temper tantrum over not being able to play Roblox. After which the father poked his head in and promptly removed both the upset idiot who was throwing a fit *and* the child.

My mum still managed not to lose their business, though. Probably because of the husband./nSo I’m on the plane, writing this story on my laptop so there might be a few typos, but who knows?


So I’m going to be leaving to Pakistan for a month for a wedding (yes that’s how long asian weddings are) and my parents speak no english whatsoever, only the basics like “hello”, and “please”, but that’s about it, so I have to translate everything at the airport. Also I'm normally as white as a piece of paper,  but I did get a tan at my pool so I did look like I fit in with my family.


Anyway we get our bags checked in and get into the line for security. There weren’t many people there so the line went pretty fast. We were up next and here comes the cast:


EM: Entitled Mom


ED: Embarrassed Dad


CB: Cute Baby


ME: Me


CP: Confused Parents 


S: Security


So with the EM’s family behind us, with CB in the backwards backpack thingy EM was carrying. We go put our stuff in the bins and go through the metal detectors. My parents go through the “adult” one and I go through the normal metal detector (I’m 15 btw). When my parents were done they waited for me to go through. When I went through, the metal detector beeped, and this made EM go ballistic.


EM: THAT MAN MADE THE DETECTOR BEEP!

S: Yes ma’am, we’re trying to identify the situation here, please hold on...


EM: THE SITUATION IS THAT TERRORIST HAS A BOMB ON HIM!!


Now THAT made me shocked and nervous that I started to sweat, with made me even more suspicious that the TSA started patting me down. I was wearing jeans and a blue hoodie with a button up shirt underneath so it did look a bit skeptical, but I'm pretty sure that I didn't have A FUCKING BOMB ON ME.


When they were done with the search, they gave me a clear and the reason it beeped was because the metal on my hoodie aglets were made of steel which triggered the alarm.


Then EM gets outraged again and started screaming at the TSA.


EM: HOW DIDN'T YOU FIND IT, YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE IT IN HIS JACKET!!!


S: He got patted down and they gave us a clear, so everythings fine, nothing to worry about.


ED: EM can you not do this again, please they had enough.


EM: I DONT FEEL SAFE ED, IM BEING THREATENED!!! HE DEFINITELY HAS A BOMB!!!!


S: (getting visibly annoyed) what makes you say he has an surprise mechanism on him? (actually he said explosive)


EM: BECAUSE HE'S A TERRORIST!!!!!


Now I was way beyond offended and could see the rage fuming in EM's eyes, but before I knew it she gave CB to ED and started going after me. I wasn't past the detector yet so she could still get to me. Mere seconds later she almost tackled me IF I didn't kick her away from me and into the floor.


Then my parents came to see what happend and to see EM on the ground in utter defeat. The TSA then came to her and escort her somewhere (idk there was so much adrenaline in me couldn't hear anything they were saying)


After that I explained everything to my parents and they understood what happened and all that because they got very worried. After that we got some lunch at a restaurant (last time I'm ever going to eat chicken tenders for a month) and boarded our plane. I was accually pretty excited because it's going to be the second time posting here and I thought it was pretty fun writing this story again!

EDIT #1: Changed an Acronym.

EDIT #2: Fixed some typos/nSo I’ve got a dog who, as a shortie, is stuck in puppy mode. She’s cute as, and is normally a fur explosion with big soulful eyes and sweet little floppy ears. 

Most people see her and go, “aww. What a lovely dog!” They’ll make conversation about her, she hides (anxiety due to being abused before I got her), and we go our separate ways.

As part of socialising her more, I took Doggo down to the local shopping centre. We’d sit outside and hang around near people, but she had places she could hide and watch people. It worked well - people saw her, said hi to her, and moved on.

Not one EP. I was scrolling through my phone when I noticed Doggo getting into hide mode, and suddenly a woman pushing a stroller appeared.

“Excuse me,” she said excitedly. “I just wanted to say, your dog is so cute.”

“Oh, thank you.”

“My daughter adores her.”

I looked at the kid in the pram. The kid was definitely not old enough to express any sort of opinion about a dog. “Oh,” I said, dubious. “That’s lovely.”

“She’d like your dog.”

I laughed. EP did not laugh. “Oh, sorry. You’re serious?”

“My daughter has an attachment to this dog. You’d be doing them a disservice if you didn’t let them grow up together.”

“Your daughter hasn’t even touched MY dog. There’s no attachment.”

“I know these things. My daughter needs that dog.”

“Your daughter will not be getting MY dog.”

EP scowled. “I have to say, you’re being very rude about this. Why do you want to separate a girl from the dog she loves?”

I chose to not dignify that with a response. Instead, I chose to put my headphones in, scoop Doggo up and walk back home with her. I’m sure Doggo was devastated about missing out on her new life with that family, but sadly we don’t always get what we want.

(And fortunately, on our later trips to that shopping centre, we never saw that EP again.)/nQuick thing that happened to me. No, no one was physically assaulted. No, the police were not called. No, I'm not disabled. Sorry in advanced for my lack of imagination. (Disclaimer: I didn't realize I needed to point this out, but **calling this my imagination IS SARCASM**-- Yes, this actually happened. No this is not a product of my imagination, I repeat THAT LINE WAS A JOKE. JFC)

I was at the airport Starbucks line. This particular place in the airport always has a long wait time due to heavy traffic. They get through the line fairly quickly but when it comes to actually making the coffee, you have to wait like ~30 min.

Anyways I've been waiting for my Caramel Frap. Entitled Mom gets in line and asks for a caramel frap, she needs it quickly though because she has a flight to catch. Starbucks barista says sorry, they are really busy today, if she wants something fast though she can pour her a coffee. No, EM needs Caramel Frap and she needs it NOW. Doesn't barista have any sympathy for a tired mom that needs to handle her 2 kids while traveling? Trick question- barista doesn't care.

Barista says she can get a caramel frap ready for her but she'll have to wait. EM sighs but is willing to wait. I'm just eavesdropping cuz I've been waiting forever and this is entertaining. 

My caramel frap is ready. It has my damn name on it. They literally call my name "Caramel Frap for Boopity!"

EM: "Oh great, that was quick" she goes to grab the drink

Me: "Sorry this is mine" I take it before she can grab it

EM: *Frowns* "No its not its mine I just ordered it"

Me: "And I've been waiting for 30 minutes, it has my name on it"

EM: "Well I have a flight to catch and two rowdy boys I need to take care of, you can wait" She goes to snatch it out of my hand

I lick the lid all over before she can reach it

EM: "Really? You really needed to do that? What's wrong with you, young people are so selfish" She says this a little loud looking around at all the other people waiting like she expected other people to be on her side. Everyone ignores her, pretending not to witness what's going on. I take my drink and start getting my utensils. EM gives up on me.

Then another caramel frap is ready, and she tries this nonsense AGAIN. The owner of the other frap just says "Lady are you going to try this with everyone's drink?"

NOW the crowd starts ganging up on her (I think they realized she was really just going to keep doing this.. would've been nice if one of them had my back while she was doing it to me but whatever). A bunch of people just start yelling "Just wait", "We've all been waiting, its not that hard", "what makes you think you're so special".

The EM realizing no one's on her side, retreats to her table where her family is sitting clearly embarrassed./nContext: I have a mental condition called "Tourette's Syndrome". It makes my head jerk around uncontrollably. Btw I am on mobile so sorry for bad formatting.
Key: EM - you know, M - you know, EK - you most likely know, MD - My Dad

So this was a celebration for honor roll at my school. Parents came in and would celebrate along with us. My dad, who worked at the school, came to the celebration. This happened last year, and this piece of literal human feces (EM) came for her anti-christ son (EK). EK was known around the school as your everyday shithead. He didn't get an honor roll because he got 2 C's, and EM was furious. I, however, got an A honor roll, and since I got extremely excited, I started ticking. EM comes to my desk, causing magnitude 10 earthquakes in every step and this conversation comes:

EM - Excuse me? 

M - Yes? (Still ticking) 

EM - So, could my son have your honor roll? He deserves it as he's been doing better behaviorally and you seem like you don't need it. 

M - I beg your pardon? (Translation: The fuck you just say to me you little shit?) 

EM - Are you also retarded? I said that he deserves it as you're just a mentally disabled person. A freak. 

M - I earned this, I'm sorry that your kid is a dumbass. (MD chuckles in the background)

EM - You really think you're so smart? I'll take your honor roll and shove it up your arse. (Proceeds to try to rip my honor roll out of my hand) 

(Que MD coming in) 

MD - What do you think you're doing to my son? 

EM - He was being very rude so I'm taking his honor roll

MD - Heh, no. I'll escort you out of the school. 

EM - *Stares at MD for about 30 seconds until* RAPE!!! RAPE!! 

(EK is laughing his fucking head off at this point) 

The teacher came over and asked what was wrong. EM said MD was sexually assaulting her. Teacher proceeds to kick EK and EM out of the school. EK has gotten nicer since then and we are actually good friends now. EM still calls me a freak. EK called her a loud-mouthed brat. Feels good man. 


Edit: Holy shit this blew up more than I thought it would. Thanks for all the support, guys and gals! /nFUCK. I fucked up the title last time. Here it is again.

&#x200B;

This will be my last post in a while, can't fire all my ammo right after discovering this sub. Oh yes, it's gonna be about money again. Maybe I really am a greedy bastard.

&#x200B;

First off: \*actions are between stars\*, *my thoughts (or sarcastic remarks and inner monologues) are cursive*

&#x200B;

I'm a student and do some tutoring in my free time. Mostly maths, but in some rare cases I'm asked to help with economics/management, law, German or programming. I tell my students to text me a few days in advance if they want me to bring exercises.

Anyways, I had been teaching this guy, E (M17), a few times. I wonder what the guy does during lessons, because I sometimes have to teach him shit that's on the first fucking page of the chapter (teacher's script).

So one day I get a call from his mom, let's call her Karen (or EM). E needs another lesson, TODAY! *Bitch, what the fuck, I'm in another city right now.* Fine, I if I skip one lecture I can be back at 4. *What do you learn at school about pricing in monopolies (good luck finding someone who will help you today) with unelastic demand (good luck without help if you need it that much)?* But I want some extra pay, skipping courses isn't part of the deal. Karen agrees, 20$ extra (happy merchant intensifies). Oh, and I have to come to their place. *Sorry Karen, not gonna enter a Karen's house.* Nope, your son can pick between the highschool canteen or the university bistro. Karen talks some shit and then agrees to highschool.

&#x200B;

Skip forward, I'm at highschool. Karen is there too.

Me: Hey Karen.

EM (Karen): Hi Anon. E has a test tomorrow. *Oh fuck, I know where this is going.* He hasn't studied yet and doesn't quite understand everything yet. *I bet he understands fucking nothing.*

Me: Sooo, have you looked at anything yet?

E: Yes.

Me: Can you show me?

E: UUUUUUUUUHHHHHHHHMMMMMMMMMMMMM... I know <basic shit he probably heard in the first lesson or googled a few minutes earlier>.

Me: \*turn to Karen\* Has he pulled an all-nighter before? Because I really don't think we can get this all done in an hour.

Karen: I know, it's probably gonna take longer.

Me: *Fucking what? Um...* I think you clearly said an hour on the phone?

Karen: Oh, well, I meant more of a lesson. *So 45 Minutes?* You know, 2 hours or something.

Me: *Well fuck me, that's gonna be some nice income for the day.* I see.

Karen: I'll pay you in advance since I'm already here. \*pulls out 60$\*

Me: Ummm... Two hours at the usual rate of 40$/h plus the 20$, that would make 100$ then.

Karen: WHAT?

Me: What what?

Karen: Why are you charging extra?

Me: Because I have to be here longer?

Karen: BUT I'M ALREADY PAYING YOU MORE.

Me: Yes, for having to drive for 1.5 hours to return to this fucking city when I should currently be sitting in a lecture.

Karen: But you already get enough money!

    >money
    >enough

Me: You know I charge hourly. But fuck that, if it's too much I can leave. *Bitch, you're in an emergency right now, I should be charging you even more.*

Karen: Alright, but I expect him to get a good mark then. \*hands me the money\*

Me: That depends on him. I don't guarantee anything.

&#x200B;

So I had to explain vectors and matrices to him. FROM. FUCKING. ZERO. Fine, I get him far enough to solve some exercises by himself. Skip learning the formulas, I write him a little summary of all operations, if we learn that now, he might as well just skip the test. I tell him to learn what's on there at home (the easy stuff you just need to remember). Solve some more exercises. I can't believe we even got that far.

Skip forward. Two weeks later, in a lecture. Another call from Karen. I get up and walk out, boring shit anyways.

Me: Hi Ka-

Karen: HE FAILED HIS TEST! YOU SCAMMED US! GIVE ME THE MONEY BACK!

Me: So what did he get?

Karen: A FUCKING 3.5 (4 needed to pass)

Me: *Fucking bitch, I should have just said no, good luck going to a test without any knowledge about the topic.* You didn't really expect him to pass with just two hours of studying? I'd look at your son's attention issues instead of blaming me. I never studied at home because I got it done during the lessons. Maybe he should try listening to the teacher too.

Karen: WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE TO TALK ABOUT MY SON *(MYYYYYY PRECIOUS!)* LIKE THIS?  I WANT YOU TO COME HERE AND GIVE ME THE MONEY BACK!

Me: Sorry Karen, I did my job. I'm at university right now, so I don't have more time to talk. Have a nice day! (best fake-friendly voice I can do).

Karen: WAI-

BEEEP.

&#x200B;

Fucking bitch sent me a shitload of messages after. I'm SO sad, really, words can't explain how devastated I am that Karen will not recommend me to anyone. I hardly have enough paper towels to wipe the tears away.

*Oh, wait, I still have your 100$.* \*Wipes away tears with the bills\*/nG'day mates!

Edit : I cannot edit the title so the title is "The time ED almost Sexually Abused me in School."

This is an update to https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bzqrq1/em_wants_me_to_date_her_daughter_because_she/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Again, This is true. (please don't attack me)

Cast

Me - Moody Emu

EM - Eerie Magpie / Entitled Mum

ED - Edgy Dingo / Entitled Daughter

MC - Mature Cat / My Crush

CT - Civil Toucan / Confused Teach

CP - Clumsy Penguin / Confused Principal

Story

So in our school, the teacher has to assign our seats in the class for a month.

This month, was bad (and by bad, I mean BAD). The teach made ED sit beside me, but luckily MC in front of me.

*the first day

I was sitting awkwardly and heard something drop. I ignored it. After a while, I felt something on my knee in my pants.

What I saw was ED looking at me from under the bench with her hand in my pants from underneath.

I didn't know what to do.

Me (whisper-shouting) : WTF?

She just stared at me with a smug grin on her face.

Then I noticed MC looking back.

MC (also whisper-shouting) : WTF?

*the following I don't know why I did, and I know was dumb but was hilarious.

Me (shouting) : OI! GET YOUR HAND OUT OF MY PANTS!

The teach looked confused and then saw ED pale as paper with her hand in my pants.

CT : ED what are you doing?

*everyone giggled.

ED (trying to find an excuse) : Um.....h-he -

CT (cuts her off) : GET YOUR HAND OUT OF HIS PANTS AND GO TO THE PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE, NOW!

ED quickly took her hand and also (maybe unintentionally) Pokémon scratched my leg.

I screamed.

CT : What happened Me?

Me : She scratched my leg!

CT : That's it I'm coming with you know.

ED : N-no!

CT : I did not ask the young lady!

They then proceeded to go to the principal's office.

*the following is a bit weird

MC : That was really brave of you there.

Me : Wait, wasn't it weird?

MC : I mean yeah, but you stood up for yourself and that's what really matters.

Me : Aww, thanks.

MC : Would you like maybe grabbing a cup of coffee together sometime?

I swear I have never replied so fast.

Me : Yes!

Then I got a call to the principal's office.

They I saw EM, ED, CT, and CP.

EM had a smug grin on her face.

EM : There's that son of a b****!

CP : Ma'am, watch your language.

Me : Yes sir?

CP : Me, did you touch ED by any chance.

He spoke this all while visibly holding his laughter. He knew I wouldn't do that.

Me : No, actually she had gone under the bench and put her hand in my pants from underneath.

EM : You little liar.

CP : MA'AM, WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!

EM : This bastard seduced my daughter!

Me : WHAT?

CT : That is not true.

EM : Oh, so now you are taking his side huh?

CP : Ma'am, please leave.

EM : Not until you punish this bastard!

CP then tried to call the security but EM took the phone out of his hand and threw it on the ground. She then proceeded to make a run for it. CT caught her and I swear, I have never seen him, let alone anyone, tackle a land whale at full speed.

She shouted more curses at Me, CT and CP.

No jail though, ED got suspended for the rest of the month. That's still a win. CT even made MC sit next to me for the rest of the month and the month after. He didn't know though.

MC is now my Girlfriend. Yay.

There is an update https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c0k8rg/em_wants_grandchildren_so_bad_she_asks_me_a/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share/nIf you haven’t read the first story, I suggest you do [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bjwvs8/since_youre_wearing_a_hoodie_you_must_be_a/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)

(On mobile so don’t bitch at me)

This happened the same day, and I was still wearing the same hoodie. But I looked more lively and didn’t have any gum. I went the same grocery store again to pick up something for my grandmother. And who do I see? Our EM standing outside the store smoking a cigarette.

I just ignore her and go in. I get a pack of bologna, pay for it, and leave the store. I didn’t ask for a bag, so I just put it in my pocket as I left the store. **Oh my God.**

The following conversation starts:

EM: You!

Me: Me. 

EM: Why are you stealing?!

Me: What in the holy fuck are you talking about?

EM: You Just shoved the pack of bologna in your pocket! I’m getting the manager to call the police! 

Me, completely fed up: Listen here, you dumb bitch, I am not in a gang, I do not smoke weed, and I DEFINITELY do not steal. I have a receipt for proof of my purchase. 

I pull it out and shove it to her face. She looks at it for a while and her face turns a bright red, seeing that I did actually pay for it. She threw her cigarette at me and rushed away/nFirst time poster and on mobile, hope you enjoy!

So a few years my Grandad, Mum and I decided one day to pay a visit to a local knock-off Ikea, it's similar to the actual place but my Grandad prefers the food here. Now, my Grandad doesn't often drive due to his age but he was really adamant he wanted to on this trip so we went with it and didn't think much about it.

At this fake Ikea, the car park system is a nightmare. It's a one way system so to get to the other side you can only go one way. Cutsies aren't allowed. The place was busy and the car park was full but we waited our turn and finally found a space. As we went to pull in, another driver who just came in the park decided to cut and pull in as well. Well, we met half way and although didn't crash we may as well have by her actions. She signalled for us to move out but my Grandad shook his head. He was there first and he's the kind of man to stand his ground. God forbid you cross him, he spent his whole life running companies and firing people who weren't up to scratch - so although he's sweet as can be, he has that side lurking. 

Well, this lady decides to get out the car and ask him:  "This is MY space, don't you know? You can't park here! I have a child!"

My Grandad - "Well that's dandy but I was here first and it was my turn to take a space so I'm not moving."

She didn't like this. She stropped back to her car and sat waiting for him to move. He honestly probably would have if she hadn't of had a sickening smug look on her face, at which point he decided screw it.

He pulled out his newspaper and opened it up fully, and started reading. Mum and I exchanged confused looks but went with it. A couple of minutes went by and there was a knock on the window. Lady had decided to visit us again! Grandad rolled his window down and with a fake smile asked how he could help?
After some incoherent shrieking that I can only assume was meant to be English, he gave her a grin and told her "I'm retired love, I can wait here aaaaaaalllllllll day for this space." And rolled his window up.

WELL, she did not like this! She sent her FOUR YEAR OLD CHILD into the shop to get security on an eighty year old man. She stood in a typical Karen pose and waited... and waited... and eventually security came out. He couldn't make out a word she was saying and asked us what had happened, we told him and he just stood dumb-founded then laughed. She was told to move it and get another spot. 

After some rude gestures and words ("old bugger, arsehole, should be in a home.") she moved her car, and avoided us in the shop. Grandad got his Macaroni and was happy. 

/nSo about a week ago I was walking my puppy to the vet for vaccines. It is about 1.5 kilometers from my house. My and my puppy (heava) were close enough to the vet to see it. Then we come across a woman also walking her dog walking in the opposite direction to me. Our dogs met and sniffed each other  and we chit chatted a bit. Her dog was an ugly brown skinny pug lookin dog. It suddenly jumps on heava's back and the lady said *good boy* as he jumped. I pull heava away and then the owner comes and grabs heava away from me and puts her dog on mine. She says *good boy* again. *C'mon I want pups* she yells. I pull heava's leash again but this time I grab her and don't let go. The lady says *C'mon let em have some fun* I run away holding heava and call but MY FUCKING PHONE WAS DEAD. I love my luck. I make my way back to the vet. Turns out 2 dog owners saw the whole thing tried call the police but it happened too quick./nSo it sees my neighborhood is filled with Entitled Parents. First the bus lady, and now this encounter that happened a couple days ago. 

&#x200B;

So my girlfriend lives in downtown Toronto, an I'm out in the more suburban area. A quick GO Train ride and I'm there, and we'll walk around the mall.   


Let me just begin this story by saying I'm a HUGE Disney nerd.

So my girlfriend and I were walking around the mall, and like the nerd I am I spotted the Disney store and went in with her. We walked around a bit, looking at plushies and whispering dirty jokes when we got to the lightsabers, usual 17 year old stuff.  In around the center of the store is a little seating area where they play Disney movies back to back for kids to sit and watch while their parents focus on shopping/paying for things. I decided to sit down on a chair that was about five sizes too small for me to get as much Aladdin in as I could, singing to my girlfriend who was close by with a very voice cracky version of "A Whole New World", while she's looking at me with a mixture of giggles and "You're a fucking idiot."   


In the middle of my wonderful singing, a little girl (Who we'll call NG for Nice Girl) comes over and starts singing Jasmine's lines when they come in, prompting what I can only describe as the best duet ever. Seriously, this girl could SING, and she didn't look any older than 6 or 7. GF is laughing her ass off at this point, we're having fun, and almost immediately after I hear a "WHAT THE FUCK?!" Come from the other end of the store, prompting the Staff, parents, and other children to look over at us.   


Now I hate being the center of attention, but I kind of had a feeling where this was going so I was just sitting there silently praying that this would make for a good Reddit post. Luckily it did.   


EM: WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING, TRYING TO KIDNAP MY DAUGHTER?! WHAT ARE YOU EVEN DOING HERE ANYWAY?! HOW OLD ARE YOU?   
Me: Ummm, I'm 17 and I wasn't--   
EM: 17?! AND YOU'RE SITTING HERE WITH SMALL CHILDREN WATCHING DISNEY MOVIES? YOU MUST BE SOME SORT OF CREEP!   
At this point, NG is trying to hide as much as she can, and she's about to cry. I can tell this is hard for her to deal with, and she's probably had to deal with it before. So, for the sake of the girl, I try to end it as quickly as possible.   
Me: Look, my girlfriend and I were just buying some plushies and stuff, and she's picking out what she wants and I'm waiting for her. (My girlfriend and I have been loosely experimenting with that whole DDLG thing just to see if we're into it. I dunno if that's too weird for some of y'all but it gives context on why she's happily skipping around looking for plushies...or was, anyway, until EM got there.)   
EM: BULLSHIT, YOU DON'T HAVE A GIRLFRIEND! YOU'RE SITTING HERE WATCHING THE LITTLE MERMAID FOR GOD'S SAKE! (Bitch couldn't even get the damn movie name right)   
GF: Actually, I'm his girlfriend, and we're trying to shop if you don't mind.   
EM: FUCK YOU! YOU'RE JUST SOME WHORE HELPING HIM KIDNAP KIDS!   
Now if it weren't for NG and cameras, I would have smacked the shit out of her or cussed her out, but thankfully Staff intervened at that point.   
Staff Member: Ma'am, we aren't going to tolerate that language here, especially with all the young kids around. I'm going to have to ask you to leave.   
EM: WHAT?! NO! MAKE THEM LEAVE FOR TRYING TO KIDNAP MY DAUGHTER!   
Poor NG is in hysterics now, crying her eyes out, and I really wanna help calm her down or buy her something to make her feel better but it's just gonna make things worse at that point when it comes to EM.   


Staff members separate us, Security drags EM out and are talking to NG at the front of the store trying to cheer her up while they take care of EM. I pay for GF's plushies and I see the girl has a Lilo and Stitch shirt on, so I quickly rush over and grab a big Angel plushie (The pink version of Stitch in case you didn't know) and buy that, too. As we head out I hand it to her, and while she's still understandably upset about what happened she gives me what may have been the tightest hug I've ever gotten, which is saying a lot because she was really small. I told her everything would be okay, made a few Stitch noises which got a couple giggles out of her, and continued with my girlfriend.   


I should be hearing some type of follow-up soon, and I'll edit the post if and when I do./nWhen entitled and spoiled are all merged in one
  
A little backstory first. My Sister in law (SIL) is the youngest of a combined 7 kids on my husband's side of the family and my husband is his moms (MIL) oldest (number 5 of the 7). She is the baby of the family and is treated as such.   
  
My oldest son was a c-section which resulted in all my pregnancies being one. With my second son, we were at the Drs office and he was talking to us about setting the appointment for his delivery.  Come to find out the only date available for the Dr and the hospital was my SIL birthday. No big deal, right? Wrong! We make the announcement to family about the date our son would be born. At first everything seemed ok. Come to find out, my SIL is having a bitch fit about our son being born on HER birthday. My husband and I had his mom and step mom calling asking why we picked her birthday and why he couldn't have his own special day. 
  
We are pissed that she has to make it about herself and not the arrival on her new nephew. But we try not to let this get to us since we have had a rough few months.
  
Jump forward a year and it's coming up on our sons first birthday. We weren't going to do anything big, just cake and ice cream with family. We ask family if they wanted to come over and we don't get an answer right away from MIL so we call a few days before his birthday and ask again. MIL says she has plans with SIL for her birthday. If she had plans before us asking she would have said something then. She made plans after we asked her. MIL calls on his birthday saying we should come over in 2 days and they would do a family dinner and we would make it "his special day". Seeing that the day they wanted us to come over was my Dads birthday and that my MIL missed our sons "special day" and wanted us to reschedule it made me lose it.  We stopped talking to her after this. My husband got a job across the country a few weeks later and we didn't even tell her until we were a few states over and she called. We forgot we didn't tell her and that was a fun conversation.  
  
Edit- Thank you to all those who have commented and upvoted this. Y'all have made my day, thank you. I've spent the last few hours smiling and laughing and enjoying the comments. Nice to see majority are on the same side as I and that I'm not crazy, lol. To any future comments, I will definitely try to respond to you as well/nSince my [last story](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c76xl6/em_wants_me_on_the_nofly_list_for_using_my_seat/) got such a good response, here's the story of the last memorable EM I encountered before that - back in the old days of 2016. This was when I was a single rookie teacher, and this was during the later days of summer before I had to go back to work for pre-school prep. So I decided to see the movie that looked the best to me that Friday - Seth Rogen's Sausage Party. 

Yeah. I know. I'm kind of cringing too. 

There's two showings at my movie theater for matinee prices - 10 AM and 11 AM. I decide to sleep in and go to the 11, which led to this whole affair. I get to the theater at around 10:35 to buy my tickets and that's when...it begins. 

&#x200B;

Cast:

Me - Tired of these MFing Karens in this MFing Movie Theater. Don't have much to do in this one. 

EM - Entitled Mom. Does not understand how movie theaters or ratings work

EK - Entitled Kid. Loud, bratty, but most of his ire is directed at EM

TE - Theater employee. Teenage kid. Doesn't get paid enough for this. 

TM - Theater manager. 20-something dude. Doesn't get paid enough for this.

&#x200B;

So I walk into the theater lobby and there's no line. I walk through the empty ropes and am about to get to the counter when EM barrels into the line from the direction of the theaters, dragging a yelling EK behind her. Instead of going into the line the correct way, she cuts right into the front of it and jumps in front of me. 

Me: Excuse me, I was on line here - 

EM: (sticks a finger up in my face and turns to TE) Excuse me! You should be ashamed of yourself! Do you know what you exposed my child to?

TE: I'm sorry, was something wrong with the movie?

EM: YES, something was wrong with the movie! I bought a ticket to a cartoon movie, and it turned out to be full of FILTH! 

TE: Ma'am, I tried to warn you that Sausage Party was rated R. It's not really an appropriate movie for - 

EM: It's a CARTOON! My son saw the trailer and he thought it was funny! What was I supposed to tell him?

Me: No? You could have told him no?

EM: NO ONE ASKED YOU! (To TE) I want a refund, an apology, and that FILTHY movie removed from this theater!

TE: Unfortunately, we don't give refunds after the movie's begun, and - 

EK: WANNA SEE THE HOT DOG MOVIE! 

EM: No! That movie was sick! (to TE) If you won't give me a refund, I want to talk to your boss! NOW!

TE sighs and calls his boss. Out comes TM, who already looks like he knows he's in for a bad time. I'm anxiously looking at my watch. 

TM: Hi, I'm sorry you didn't enjoy your movie. Can I - 

EM: Yes, you can help! I want a full refund, an apology, that movie removed from this theater, AND this employee fired for his poor treatment of us!

EK: HOT DOG MOVIE! HOT DOG MOVIE! (throws cup of soda on the ground)

TM: TE was just following policy. I'm not going to fire him for - 

EM: I will call the police! You exposed my son to sick things in that movie! Shame on you!

TE and TM have a quick talk off to the side. I could make out most of it. 

TM: Dude, just give her the refund so she'll go away. 

TE: Against the rules. I do that, corporate could fire my ass. 

TM: Fine, I'll ring it up. Otherwise we'll be here all day. 

They turn back to EM, who has been trying to keep EK from throwing his tantrum.

TM: Ma'am, we're not supposed to give refunds once the movie has started, but we want to make sure you walk away happy. I'll refund your ticket. 

EM: But that filthy movie is going to keep playing?

TM: Yes, it's a new film and many people want to see it. 

EM: (harrumphs and takes her money) But it's filth! You really need to do better by parents. There should be a system to let parents know about these things. 

Me: Yeah, there should be a letter rating for each movie or something. Wouldn't that be crazy?

EM: YOU be quiet! (grabs a screaming EK and yanks him out, turning back one last time) FILTH!

The chaos averted, it's now 10:56 and I step up to the counter. 

TE: Sorry about that, man. What can I get you?

Me: I'll take one to the FILTH!

TE and TM proceed to crack up, printing my ticket and sending me on my way. 

This experience was funnier than the movie, sadly./nI  am a very old woman now but when I was young, I was a straight up bitch  who didn’t let anyone bully me or try to take advantage of me in a  vunIrable state.  However, There was one instance where I was caught off  guard as the situation was incredibly unbelievable.

As  a backstory, I was 21 at the time and had just delivered a beautiful  baby girl.  It was a very difficult delivery which had me in the  hospital for two months after my daughter was born. (she went home a  month before me).  During that time, my husband and I broke up (my  mother had to put him out of our apt) as he was an entitled jerk but  that is another story altogether.  I was finally released from the  hospital on the condition that I do not allow myself to get too upset as  my stitches were not totally healed and I had very bad anxiety attacks  which would shoot up my blood pressure and I would end up in intensive  care.

So this is my story EP = sister in law MIL = mother in law M = mother Me – me B – my daughter

I  had just been released from the hospital and M brought me home and set  me up in the living room so I could watch TV and she could talk with me  while I am resting.  It was very important that I keep as still as  possible and rest, not letting anything bother me as any distress could  cause my blood pressure to rise and cause a rupture of my stiches due to  the complications of my pregnancy.  I couldn’t even hold my newborn  baby as it would be too much physical stress.  She was sleeping  peacefully in her bassinet.  No one was supposed to visit me until I had  rested a few days so I could be strong enough to handle company.  Enter  EP and MIL.

My mother informed all of  the family that I could not receive visitors the day I got home but of  course there was a knock on the door.  In enters EP and MIL, gifts in  hand, demanding that my mother let them see the baby.  I was laying on  the sofa by the bassinet but was completely ignored.  My mother  questioned why they showed up today and not waited until the weekend  when I was able to handle company and they said they didn’t get her  message and EP wanted to see her new niece.  She was only in town for a  couple of days and wouldn’t be around by the weekend.

They  practically yanked my daughter out of her crib, exclaiming how much she  looked like her father and were very impressed that she was very fair  skinned and had a shock of red hair as well.  All they could talk about  is how light she was.  They shoved the gift at me to open up which my  mother intercepted.  She also tried to keep me calm as I was getting  very upset that they were passing my child around like she was a doll.

While  I am not in any way considered dark skinned I am also not considered  overly fair.  However EP was so fair she could pass for white (blond  hair and all).  My husband’s family is notoriously color struck i.e.  they favor light skinned members of the family.  Since EP was very fair,  she felt she was far better than anyone else and that was how she  raised her daughter.   These facts led to this exchange:

EP  – she is so beautiful!!  She looks just like ME! Me – what? EP – she  would be better off being with someone who resembles her Me – what the  hell are you talking about? EP – you are just not the right person to  raise B MIL – B would be better off with EP.  She knows how to raise B  the proper way Me getting angrier every moment – Please put B back in  the bassinet EP – you want B wo have a wonderful life.  She would have a  great life with me. My mother and I didn’t like where this was going  and M went to take B from the arms of EP to put her back in the bassinet  but EP held B tighter and exclaimed – you do not deserve B.  You are  too dark to care for B.  I will take her back home with me.  You can  visit her now and then if you like. My blood boils and I nearly jump off  the couch to go after this Bitch when I get a very sharp pain in my  stomach and fell back on the couch

M-  PUT B DOWN RIGHT NOW OR I WILL WHIP YOUR ASS!!!!  At that, my mother  snatched B from EP’s grip and put B back in her bassinet.  She then  grabbed EB and “escorted” her out of our apt while EP was cursing her  out and calling me a whore and that the baby probably wasn’t mine (which  didn’t make any sense).

At this point,  the MIL was very quiet and followed EP out.   I would like to say that  it was the last I saw of her but it wasn’t.  She contacted a much older B  when she was around 9 and informed her that she would have had a much  better life if she was with EP.  B already knew about the incident from M  and just politely ignored EP’s remarks.  B is a mother herself now and  does talk to EP from time to time as well as her mostly absent dad but  they were not in her life much and she went from a very happy well  adjusted kid to a wonderful adult.

EP  has spoken to me once or twice during that time; not apologizing but now  trying to get me and her brother back together.  We have been divorced  for over 20 years.

&#x200B;

NOTE:  I just want to thank everyone who gave me up-votes (98%!) and appreciate all the wonderful comments.  I had a very hard time deciding to tell this to anyone as it hurt so much.  I thought I would be married and grow old with my ex and thought his family would consider me family but it wasn't meant to be and this incident hurt me more than anything.  Seeing all the entitled parents here helped me be brave enough to write this out./nSo my secondary school (for ages 12-18 for all you non British people) hosts an Open Night for all the families of Year 7s starting Year 8 in secondary school in the Autumn. The parents and their kids take a tour of the school and each class room hosts a different subject (Geography, English, French, Science ect) and has activities and information about that particular subject. I was part of the Music Department so my job was to play my clarinet with some flute players on the top floor corridor to provide music for the families as they walk past.

The Science Department likes to show an experiment involving acids, alkali and the pH scale. Basically they have a rack full of test tubes with acids and alkali which they pour Universal Indicator solution into them to show off the colour change. My friend was the one who was demonstrating this experiment. A Tour Group walked in, including EM and her two children, a Year 7 kid and a 6 year old. 

Insane Entitled Mother is EM, Poor Kid is PK and my friend is F.

So F showed off the experiment, when PK started whining that she was thirsty. (paraphrased because all of this was told to me by my friend)

&#x200B;

EM: Hi, get PK a drink. She's thirsty.

F: Sorry, I can't leave this room unattended, but the Spanish Department upstairs is serving drinks and snacks.

EM: But that's too far! I can't believe that this school is so selfish to not provide refreshments!

F: The refreshments are upstairs.

PK tugs her mum's skirt and points to a CLEARLY MARKER WARNING SIGN beaker sitting at the side, filled with a refill for the experiment so it could be done again. 

EM: Why don't I just give PK that?

F, panicked: Are you crazy?! That's acid! You can't drink that!

EM, offended: No it's not! It looks just like water! Acid isn't clear like that! And if it was acid, it would melt the glass. You're just a dumb disrespectful kid who doesn't know jack s\*\*\*!

The other parents start to scowl at EM which she mistakes for them agreeing with her.

EM: You see?! Everyone else is agreeing with me, so I'm right!

EM hands the beaker to PK who takes a gulp.

&#x200B;

SHE. DRANK. THE. ACID!!!!!!!

&#x200B;

Almost immediately PK starts crying hysterically and F freaks out. 

F: WHAT DID YOU DO?!

EM: She's just throwing a tantrum because she doesn't like water. 

EM smacks PK and yells at her for being embarrassing out in public. The other parents start to yell at EM for being an idiot which she mistakes for them critiquing her parenting.

EM: MIND YOUR OWN DAMN BUSINESS! HOW I RAISE MY KIDS IS NONE OF YOUR CONCERN!

EM's other kid is mortified and F runs and gets the Science Teacher.

Later, I saw an ambulance as I was heading home. PK didn't die, so it mustn't have been a strong acid. The kicker is that EM tried to get the school into trouble in court for allowing PK to drink the acid. But she lost because it was her own fault. The warning label was CLEARLY on display and she was told several times that the water was in fact acid.

Absolute insanity.

Edit: Who slapped a big 'Fake' sticker at the top of this post?!

As for PK, I'm assuming that EM got into heaps of trouble. I haven't heard anything else about it.
&#x200B;/nIt was a family tradition where nephews and niece would visit their aunt and uncle to receive gifts during Christmas morning. Our parents would leave us here with my aunt together with our little cousins. We were around age 4-6 and I was the oldest. During the day, the parents will go out and fetch things they would need to celebrate for the little reunion they would do tonight.

Our aunt gave us our presents. Me and the boys each got a toy gun that shoot outs rubber corks. It was a time before gadgets exists, so we were quite excited to shoot each other out immediately. So we ran outside.

My sister and my other female cousin, the EK received a doll as gift. Same size, same design. The only difference was my sister's has a red hat, EK's has blue. My sister loved the doll immediately but EK hated hers. EK made it sure that everyone in the room knows this.

She screamed, and whined and cried and kept calling her mom, the EM. EM did not join the other parents for preparing but instead stayed with us together with her EK. EM was really embarrassed by EK's behavior. EM immediately apologized to my aunt, and she picked EK up and left the room to calm her down.

After playing around for a bit, my Aunt called us to eat. We continued to had a feast with her delicious home cooked meals and desserts in the dining room. After everyone finished with our food, we came back by the fireplace where we left all our toys.

My sister can no longer find hers, instead the blue doll is sitting where she left hers. She panic. She thought she misplaced hers, and asked me to help her find her doll. So me and the other boys searched around the room but we can't find it. So we decided to ask my aunt if she saw her doll.

Sis: Auntie, I lost my doll. I can't find it. Have you seen it?

Aunt: Wait, let me ask your aunt EM, I believe she knows where it was.

She went to call EM from the room. I took a peek, and saw them arguing quietly before EM came out

EM: Hi sweetie, I heard you are looking for your doll.

Sis: Aunt EM, have you seen Caroline?

(She already named it the moment she got a hold of it. She names all her toys)

EM: Oh, yes, she's just right here sitting on the sofa.

EM picked the blue doll, and showed it to my sister. We looked at her with confusion. I didn't pay much attention when they opened their gifts a few hours ago, but I do trust my sister. My sister knew by heart its not her doll. She did not speak.

EM: What's the matter, don't you like it? Aren't you glad that you have a pretty doll?

Sis: But. she's not Caroline.

EM: But she is. You should be grateful for whatever your Aunt gave you. Common take it.

Sister was quiet. She didn't take it. She hid behind my back and tug my shirt.

Me: Aunt EM, I think there must be a mistake. Maybe EK, accidentally took the wrong doll?

EM pulled me away, and whispered to me.

EM: Come on son, help me out here. Try to convince your sister it was her doll. EK wants the other doll, and she'll be causing me a lot of trouble tonight if I take her home without the one she liked. You know her right? She will not stop bawling her eyes out.

Me: But, you want me to lie to my sister?

EM: Its not lying. Think of it as doing a good deed for your aunt EM. Will you do it for me please. Your a big boy now, and you should know how to handle your little sister. She should know that you're in charge.

I stay quiet. I don't know what to do next. Mom and dad were not here to help us out. I walk away and take my sister with me. She was really quiet and I clearly feel her trying hard not to cry.

Me: Aunt EM said, you can't have your doll. EK won't let her go.

Sis: What should we do? We can't leave Caroline with her.

We decided to tell our aunt about what EM did. 

Aunt: What? She's always like that since we were kids. EM always gets what she wants among us siblings. And grandma, always favored her because she's the oldest. Me and your mom never got what we wanted. I'm gonna go ask her to stop this. 

Aunt got angry and went to EM. They are having a heated discussion, so they asked EK to leave the room. EK got out very annoyed stomping her way to the living room.

I was with my sister and she's currently holding the blue doll. She's very sad, and caressing its hair slowly.

Sis: I'm sorry you had to see this. Your mom doesn't mean what she said about you. She's just angry and confused right now.

She seems to be comforting the doll as if it was a baby. I feel very sad for her, but I'm just a kid. A wimpy kid. We grew up accepting the fact that adult's words are final and unappealable. We can't fight against EM.

This was when EK show up and began screaming.

EK: What are you doing with my doll!? Get your filthy hands off her.

EK grabbed the doll's hair and pulled it away. My sister won't let go.

Sis: Stop, you're hurting her.

The other boys saw what's happening and they began to cheer.

Boys: Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! 

Me: Stop it. Stop or I'm gonna hit you.

EK: No you're not! You're not supposed to hit a girl

The other boys, grabbed and stopped me. 

Cousin1: Hey, she's right. You know how scary her mom is. 

Cousin2: She's gonna punish *all* of us if she found out.

EK: \* *Laughs* \* Wimps!

I don't know what to do anymore, so I just ran to get the adults. But I can hear the screaming inside the room too. Aunt and EM are in the middle of an argument. I knocked.

Me: Aunt, Aunt EM?

EM: Go away! You're not supposed to interrupt adult talk!

Me: EK, she's in trouble.

EM: What?

EM open the door, and shook me. 

EM: What happened? Tell me!

Aunt: Let's go check it out.

They ran. I was left at the room. I was still grasping what's happening. I stayed in the room for a minute before I get out. Then I was shocked to see EK on the floor crying, and EM pulling the hair of my sister, everyone else are in panic. 

EM: Stupid little brat. What on earth have gotten into your rotten brain to let you think that its ok to hurt my kid?

Aunt pushed away EM. 

Aunt: What are you doing? Stop it. She's just a kid.

EM: Who the hell do you think you are? You don't have kids, and you can't have them so you try to fill that void by borrowing our kids. But no matter what you do, you will never know what it feels to be a mom!

Aunt slapped EM in the face really hard. Everyone stopped, even EK. 

Aunt: Leave. I never want to see you again.

EM drag EK away. EK does not want to stand so she just let her body sweep the floor. Her limbs are still flailing in tantrums and crying out unrecognizable words. EM grabbed their things from the room and went out without saying a word. Aunt was pretty silent too, as she let these guest out and close the door behind. She slid down and slumped as she cover her face with her hands. She's crying.

Everyone came and hugged her. It was a very crushing moment and everyone was crying.

Sis: I'm sorry, its my fault. 

Aunt: No baby, don't worry I saw what happened. Its not your fault.

She stood up, and wiped her tears.

Aunt: Ok everyone, let's stop crying. Don't you worry about your Aunt. She's a strong woman, and she can take it. How about we just all have ice cream?

Everyone cheered. Kids. Even with tears still flowing out our eyes, our faces brighten up everytime we hear ice cream. 

Aunt: Just give me a minute, go to the dining table to wait for me ok?

We went to the dining room and waited for our aunt. She must have continued crying in the bathroom because it took a while. Though no one else seems to notice the time since they are all very busy telling me what I had missed. The boys even re-enacted everything. 

I didn't saw what happened, but from the stories my sister and all my cousins told me, I got the gist. EK was pulling the doll's hair and my sister is telling her to stop. EK threatened to pull away the rest of the head of the doll if she don't let go. EK said, if she can't have it no one should. This was when sister immediately let go because she doesn't want the doll to die.

EK fall on her butt. She was pulling so hard that when sister let go she was taken aback. Everyone watching began laughing so hard. She must have been humiliated by what happened she started crying. That was when EM and Aunt came and saw it. EM ran to her kid and asked her what happened. EK was wailing and pointing finger to my sister. EM immediately pulled my sister's hair and that was when I came in. 

Now, my Aunt came back with a gallon of our favorite pistachio ice cream and everyone excitedly took a bowl and wait for her to fill it up. As we dug in our treat, she began to tell us her story for the first time. 

She had a miscarriage long ago for her should be first born. After the operation, doctor said, she won't be able to have kids anymore. But she loves kids, so she just pour her love for her nephews and nieces. She was teary eyed as she was telling this story.

Cousin1: Don't worry Auntie. We can be your kids!

Cousin2: Yeah, we don't like our mom. You should be our mom.

Cousin3: And we can have ice cream everyday!

Everyone laughed but my sister is still quiet. 

Aunt: Hey, baby, what's wrong. 

Sis: I'm worried about Caroline.

Me: Wait.

I suddenly remembered what I did a while ago. When I was at the room and EM and Aunt rushed to go see the commotion outside, I saw a doll's hair sticking out of EK's backpack. So I took the doll, and hid it under the bed before I went out. I don't know why I did that. I just felt like I had too. 

I ran back to the room and took the doll under the bed. I showed it to my sister.

Me: Is this her?

Sis: Caroline! 

Cousin1: You found it?

Cousin2: Nice one!

Cousin3: Where was it? We looked for it everywhere but we can't find it.

Me: Saw it in EK's bag.

Aunt began laughing.

Aunt: Well, she found her way back to where she belong. 

My cousin's parents came shortly after. They are really excited to tell them what just happened. My parents came by a little later too together with the rest of our relatives. We all had a nice family reunion even if we are missing one family that year./nHi everyone, so after much deliberation I’ve determined this story does belong here, so I’m back.
 
 

This took place on Saturday in my suburb’s little movie theatre.
 

 
The characters are:
 

 
EM: Entitled land whale
 

 
TE: Mortified teenage theatre employee
 
 

As I have mentioned before, I have a little boy and another on the way. Since before being parents my husband and I have been huge movie buffs and this has continued to be the case. But since we refuse to be THOSE people with the screaming toddler in an R rated movie, we’ve developed our little system. I’ll go watch a movie while he plays in the park with our son,then we switch.
 

 
Since we’re both firm believers that you go to the movies to see a damn movie, not talk, we don’t mind taking turns to see the movie on our own and discussing it once we get home. It means we don’t have to pay for a sitter, and we don’t miss out on a single movie we want to see.
 
 


So I’m in line to get my ticket for John Wick 3 when a lady behind me starts loudly complaining that it’s taking too long. Whatever, I get my ticket, go into the theatre, find a seat and pull my snacks out of my purse. Everyone is taking their seats, when in comes the loud lady…. With a kid in tow that could not be any older than six.
 
 


Now, I did think to myself, that kid is way too young to be watching a John Wick movie, but hey, it’s her kid. Not my circus, not my monkeys. The trailers end, the movie starts and sure enough, ten minutes in we get to that library scene. If you haven’t seen it I won’t spoil it but let’s just say libraries are more dangerous than you think.
 


 
The kid started screaming his head off. He was absolutely terrified. I and everyone else in the theatre look up to where they were sitting. The kid is now sobbing and mum looks like a deer caught in headlights. She loudly starts to rant.
 


 
EM: what kind of sick movie is this??? My child can’t see this thing! What is wrong with you people?
 
 


Um, lady, everyone here is an adult, you’re the one that brought a kid to watch a John Wick movie? Did the first 2 give you the impression things were gonna get sunny and cheerful?




Everyone is having a giggle and rolling their eyes at her expense when she barges down the theatre stairs. We think she’s going to leave it at that and just go home like a sane person would but no. Two minutes later she’s huffing her way back in with a mortified looking teenage girl in theatre uniform by the arm. She starts pointing at the screen:
 


 
EM: What kind of filth did you people sell me a ticket to? My son can’t watch this!
 
 


TE: You asked for tickets to John Wick 3, this is John Wick 3. Can we please step outside so we don’t bother everyone else who paid to see it?
 
 


EM: I want a refund, and for this disgusting movie to no longer be played as of RIGHT NOW or I will destroy you on social media!
 


 
At this point we’re all getting pretty fed up. As the girl stated, we had all paid to come see John Wick, not listen to a land whale bitch and moan. People started grumbling for her to shut up and go away.
 
 


TE: We will NOT pull the movie from our theatre. We will NOT send these people home. You want a refund fine, come outside, but it’s not our fault you didn’t check ratings! It’s not like the first 2 movies were unicorns and rainbows!
 
 


EM: Who do you think you are? My child is traumatised because of this movie and I WILL sue you.
 

 
TE: if you wanna sue, good luck with that, just shut up, take your refund, and let these people see their movie!
 
 


That got an applause from all of us there. It finally dawned on EM that everyone was on the girl’s side. She grabbed her still sulking kid and left.
 
 


TE apologised for the inconvenience, we just gave her another round of applause and went back to enjoying the rest of the movie.




After the movie I did go up to the theatre manager and let him know what had happened wasnt the girl's fault. If anything, Id be coming back because of the way shed put that woman in her place and cared about the other patrons. The manager laughed and assured me she wasnt in trouble, a few other people had come to say the same thing and he wouldnt have handled it any better.



I'm glad that girl has a manager that understands that the customer isnt always right. I wish service employees felt empowered to respectfuly but firmly put these people in their place more often, I think being taken down a notch is just what Karens need./ncast

FF (18): friends friends

EP: entitled principal / Biggest douche in the world

My friend went to a boarding school for like 1 year after year 11. There he made many friends, one of these friends was FF (Friends Friend). His mum was severely was severely ill and unfortunately due to the illness she died. FF's father was also severely ill. Due to the loss of his wife, who was married to him for over 40 years, FF's dad's emotional health deteriorated. As any normal son would do FF asked EP if he could go home and come back in one month. With all the wisdom in the world EP responds "what is more important your lessons or mum's funeral", FF was really taken a back by this. EP then has the audacity to say "I'll make you a deal, if you pass your exams next month then you can go".

Now I would like to point out that FF was one of the boarding's top student, he never failed any exams and furthermore he saved on multiple occasions by getting those grades.

FF: Listen my mum died, her funeral is tomorrow

EP: well I don't care

FF: I'll bring you the evidence, please it is literally the last time I will ever get to see my mum

EP: well I don't care

FF: You didn't let me go when she was almost dying in the hospital, at least let me go now please

EP: No means No. Stop being so stubborn and go back to class

FF: please I am imploring you, I will never ask for any holidays after this one, please I am begging you

EP then proceeds to call security to take FF back to class

For the rest of the day FF, was extremely sad and became super anti social. In the evening he tries one more time but gets the same answer, this is when FF flips

&#x200B;

FF: i had enough of you bullshit, I am leaving whether you like it or not

EP: if you leave I will make sure you don't come back here ever

FF: fine by me, this place is shit anyway

EP: what did you say you entitled brat?

FF: are you fucking deaf. I said i am leaving and this place is shit

&#x200B;

With that FF just leaves and goes back home. BTW from the boarding to his home it was 4 hours drive. FF managed to just about get in time for the burial rituals and was not able to see his mum's face. About a month later EP calls FFs dad

&#x200B;

EP: your son has disrespected the institution so we have taken measures. Your son by default has failed all his exams and WILL have to redo the year

FF dad: -yells how the school has disrespected FF by not allowing him to go the funeral and how FF already goes to a better place-

this ticks off EP and demands that FF's dad pays the fees for the rest of the year, FF's dad straight up refuses. In the end the school go shut down coz students began leaving the school including F about a week after FF left.

Apparently during the one month between the phone call and FF's mum's death, the student started a revolution and began leaving the boarding to go to better boardings

IDK how FF and his family is doing now but I assume he is doing well.

&#x200B;

edit: some of you asked what the name of the school. The name of the school was al-miftah/nMy bf and I were coming back from a lovely holiday in Indonesia and we were waiting for a connecting flight from Singapore to Amsterdam. This is a 13 hour flight, and we were already exhausted and stupidly tired. In the waiting area there were a lot of parents wth children. Kids are always annoying on flights, but hey, what can you do? If I find it stressful and uncomfortable, kiddos must find it even worse, though at least they have leg room.

So we decided to settle in to a quieter waiting area before the gate opens. We're basically the only ones there. We were hoping to catch a few zzz's on a flat surface before getting on the plane. And then a couple and their two daughters, aged  about 3 and 7, come and sit almost beside us, which was inconsiderate, but whatever. Then the kids started getting cranky, fighting over the ipad, and eventually screaming their heads off. Dad is mentally checked out, ignoring everything, and mom is getting just as upset as the kids (which never solves anything), promising them candy and to buy them another ipad when they get home. So no sleep for us. Eventually we get sick of listening to this and head over to the gate to get in line about an hour before the flight.

About 15 minutes before boarding, this family comes over to line up for the flight, but instead of getting in the massive line, they stand right at the front, next to the line. I realize this lady thinks she is going to get to board first because she has kids. When they make the call for parents travelling with infants, she proudly steps out in front of the parents with tiny babies.

Flight attendant: I'm sorry Ma'am, but the early boarding is for parents of infants only.

EM: But I do have infants, look.

FA: No, an infant is classified as a child that is too young to walk

EM: But my daughter is in a stroller!

At this point she yells at her 3 year old daughter to get in the stroller, and when she refuses, she then tries to wrestle her into the stroller with one arm while talking to the FA. Now the kid is crying her head off, then the other kid starts crying, and then the very small baby in the pram behind her starts wailing. The mom of the crying infant is travelling alone with 3 other small children and she is visibly upset. I felt so bad for her. Her kids however were at least well behaved and trying to help her soothe the baby.

FA: I'm sorry ma'am but you'll have to go wait in line with everyone else.

At this point the line is like 200 people long. Its a big plane. She starts whimpering and stammering, and then yelling. But I have kids! You can't do this to me! I'm a parent! Nobody cares. There are lots of kids in line. She hangs around the FA yelling at her until she realizes she's not going to get her way. 

I should also note that her husband is on his phone, totally not paying attention or attending to their children in any way. They're still crying their heads off. So then she starts walking up the line, making a big show about how much she's struggling with her bags, asking every person if she could cut in front of them. My bf was overjoyed to tell her no after she ruined his nap. Most people just outright ignore her and nobody lets her in. One older english lady even told her to bugger off!

I imagine she does this often on flights based on her confidence. With two young children, its probably been a long time since she did have to wait in the line. I hope she now realizes that early boarding is for the benefit of the infant, not a reward for reproducing./nHello everyone! You probably don't remember me, but I posted a story a little while back about an entitled mother demanding a CPR baby mannequin for her daughter while I was training to be a lifeguard. Welp, we've fast-forwarded from that, and I completed my pool and waterfront certifications and landed a job teaching swim lessons to little kids. All in all, a great first job for me!

&#x200B;

Okay, now onto the entitled parenting:

&#x200B;

CONTEXT: Last Sunday was the last swim class of the session. The way our program works is that we have a "Family Splash" on the last lesson, where we take out all the lane lines in the pool and parents are able to join their kids in the water to just swim around and have fun. Obviously, none of the instructors are teaching swim lessons at this time, so we stand outside the pool and lifeguard while the parents and their kids swim.

&#x200B;

So what ended up happening was that I was standing on the deck, scanning the pool, doing what lifeguards do, when this little boy catches my eye. Now, this boy happened to be in the swim class that I primarily taught, and he just so happened to be a bit of a slow learner. By the end of the session, he couldn't really push off the wall into my arms the way the other kids could, and often times his legs would hang below him when we tried to get him to kick using a kickboard. His brother was doing great, but he... wasn't.

&#x200B;

So naturally, I'm on high alert when I see him with a back floatie that doesn't look fastened properly, seemingly unable to get to the wall if he needed to. The water was up to his neck and if he had slipped out of the floatie, he most definitely would've gone under.

&#x200B;

I was under the impression that this kid was alone, because there wasn't an adult within arms reach of him. That's one of the rules at our pool, by the way: if a kid isn't exactly able to swim on their own, they need to have an adult within arms reach of them at all times. But just when I'm about to go get the kid to the wall, an elderly woman who I can only assume was his grandmother comes up to him.

&#x200B;

I relaxed a bit and continue to monitor the pool, looking over now and then and making sure he's in no immediate danger. And this is where the entitlement comes in.

&#x200B;

At some point, while I'm watching the kid and his grandma, the grandma sees me looking over. I keep watching them, making sure he's alright, and then look around at the other kids. Then I move my gaze back to the kid and his grandma, and she sees me doing that again. The third time I do it, she gives me a little bit of a stink eye. But of course, I'm on duty and can't pay this woman much attention, so I keep scanning.

&#x200B;

They say third time's a charm? I say fourth time's the killer. The fourth time I turn my gaze towards EG and her grandson, she's now by the wall where I am and looking up at me with a pissy face.

&#x200B;

EG: Excuse me, can I speak to you for a moment?

&#x200B;

(For the record, Lifeguards aren't supposed to talk to people while on duty for more than a minute or two. So I spoke to her while still scanning the pool.)

Me: Is something wrong?

EG: Will you stop staring at me and my grandson?

&#x200B;

Me: ...come again?

&#x200B;

EG: Who are you? Why are you even here? You're creeping us out and I will talk to the front desk if I see you staring again.

&#x200B;

Me: Ma'am, I'm a swim teacher at this pool. Right now there aren't any lessons, so I'm lifeguarding. I wasn't staring at you with malintent, I was only making sure you and your grandson were safe. I'm sorry if it came off that way.

&#x200B;

EG: Well, \[kid's name\] and I are fine! We don't need people watching us.

&#x200B;

Me: Lifeguards are required by law at public swimming establishments. I need to be watching everyone swimming here.

&#x200B;

EG: Can you not be *creepy* about it, at least? Good God, how'd they even hire someone as creepy as you?

(Making assumptions based on someone's appearance. Nice going, old hag.)

&#x200B;

I was about to say something back but then something catches my eye. This old hag has been spending so much of her time chewing me out for doing my job that she failed to keep an eye out for her grandson, who is floating helplessly farther away from her, farther away from the wall... and that floatie keeps rising higher and higher up his chest, and he keeps going lower...

&#x200B;

So I ignore what this lady had been saying, walk a bit down so I'm right across from the poor kid, and throw out my rescue tube. I call for him to grab on, which he does, and safely guide him back to the wall. Grandma looks like she's going to lose it, which probably would've happened had my manager not stepped in.

&#x200B;

The rest of this went past in a blur. We got the kid a much better fitting life vest, and grandma didn't bother me the rest of the time they were there.

&#x200B;

So TL;DR: Entitled Grandma doesn't want me "staring" at her grandson who could've easily drowned that day./nHey guys! I never thought I'd post something here again. But this just happened to my sister and it was probably the most infuriating thing I have ever heard about my aunt. I apologize in advance if this is going to be a super long read, but I think it's quite necessary for the story to make sense. But if you don't like reading walls of texts, TL;DR at the bottom.

First, let me describe the kind of Aunt that we have. This Aunt (or Entitled Aunt I should say) of ours has been the source of headache for us as a family emotionally and monetarily! She would always ask my mom and dad for a loan that would take YEARS for her to pay (where those loans go is one of our biggest questions to date). And whenever my mom or my eldest sister would ask her for the payment, she would always play the "I'm family" card and be all emotional and shit to play on my mom's emotions. My mom has a soft spot with her family and she would most likely let it slide. But not my eldest sister. She would constantly remind and warn my aunt to pay her debts or she'll do something about it. My aunt would then turn to my mom asking for protection from my sister, to which my mom would talk to my sister about it. My sister though is not having it and is just relentless on her pursuit of making my aunt pay her debts. This got to a point where my aunt warned to sue my sister if she doesn't stop, to which my sister openly invited (my sister works on a law firm so she knows the law and that our aunt has no case at all). Ultimately, our aunt paid but not without any parting words of how our family are a bunch of "rude people" and that "she would never ever talk to us again!" and such. But  after a month or so, she made up with my mom and everything was well... except for my eldest sister.

So for context with the title, my aunt put her house up for sale due to her children moving out (she had 2 daughters who are all married now). Initially, she said that the house was "getting too big for me to keep/maintain" and that she'd plan on buying a nice condominium near the downtown area (her house is a 30-45 minute drive from downtown). My uncle didn't want her to sell it to someone they do not know or at least does not have an affinity to, so she suggested to sell the house to a relative or a super close friend. 

My aunt then talked to my youngest sister (I have 3 sisters and I'm the only guy) and pitched her the idea of buying the house from her. At first, my sister didn't really want to entertain the idea of buying a house at this point in time as they have 2 kids that they are sending to a not-so-cheap school. But my aunt then pulled the "sentimental value" card and that it would be a shame if the house was sold to someone else. 

Admittedly though, the house did have sentimental value for us siblings and cousins. We used to spend our summers over there as it's in a pretty nice neighborhood and we have friends there as well. A basketball court is fronting the house which is a win-win situation since they both have boys and  her husband is a good basketball player. My aunt saw this as an opportunity for the boys and her husband to train or whatever. 

To my aunt's credit, she did have a nice pitch to my sister so I got to give her that. My sister and her husband discussed this in length (it literally took about a month before they had their decision). My sister and her husband decided to buy the house as they have long planned to have a house of there own. But her husband's grand mother begged them to stay at the current house they're living in until his grand mother can return back as she was sorting something out from a different city. So they decided to have it leased until they are ready to move

My eldest sister (who by the way was against ALL OF THIS) helped with all the contract and legal stuff so they can cover all there bases. The details of the sale aren't really familiar to me, but if my memory serves me right, the house and lot was sold for more or less 1 million pesos. My sister gave my aunt a more than generous amount of time to move out (6 months). 

When the time came that everything was moved out, my sister and her husband decided to pay a visit to their recently bought house and see to what extent the renovation would be. And to there surprise, the condition of the house was A LITERAL SHITHOLE! The walls and ceiling were falling apart, the tiles on the floor were chipped or starting to get chipped, the main bedroom was a mess, and the kitchen smelled like someone died in there for weeks! Although my aunt did disclose that "some renovation" work would be needed, but she never disclosed that the house was that FUCKED UP! 

But whatever, they decided to have the house renovated and it cost them another 300k! 

Once the renovation was done, the difference was night and day! As they were not moving in to the new house yet, they listed the house for lease on some places and it garnered a lot of interest. The house was then leased to a foreign couple. 

The transaction went smoothly with the help of my eldest sister once again. And the couple even paid full price for the whole duration of the lease. 

Everything was as smooth as butter.. until yesterday. 

My sister got a call from the couple who leased the house early in the morning when she was dropping off the kids to school. This was on a Monday and my sister is usually super busy on this days. And this was one of those days. She answered the call and the following ensued (sidenote: this is all based from my sister's retelling of the events/conversations. It might not be 100% accurate but I'll try to be as close to it as possible): 

&nbsp;

S = My Sister; NH = Nice Husband; NW = Nice Wife; EA = Entitled Aunt

&nbsp;

S: Hello NH! Haven't heard from you for a long time! May I know why you called? 

NH: There's someone at the gate claiming that this is her house? 

S: (confused) Huh? Uhm, she just might be a crazy person roaming around the area.

NH: Well no, she showed me pictures of the house and her in it. 

&nbsp;

At this point, my sister kind of knew what was happening so she hurriedly drove there. She was coming from the different side of town, so it took her about an hour to get there. 

When she got there, she saw EA outside screaming to let her in! The neighbors were already out and witnessing the commotion! EA sees my sister and hurriedly goes to her.

&nbsp;

EA: Hey, S! They won't let me in! (points towards the nice couple)

S: EA, what are you doing here? 

EA: Well, this was once my house! Am I not allowed to enter? 

S: What do you mean? 

EA: I sold you this house, remember? And now I see that someone else is living here! 

S: Well, they are leasing the house. 

EA: What?! Why would you lease the house to someone I don't know? 

S: (getting angry) Because this is my house? I can lease it to whoever I want! 

&nbsp;

At this point, my sister couldn't believe the stupidity of this situation and was kind of getting embarrassed with the neighbors looking on. So she told EA to go inside so they can discuss it.

Once they were in the house, my sister introduced EA to the couple who leased the property and the following ensued: 

&nbsp;

EA: (to the couple) how much did you lease the house for? 

NH: Excuse me?

EA: I said, how much did you pay for the lease? 

NW: I'm sorry, but we don't see the need of discussing that to you.

EA: Why not? (turns to my sister and asks) How much are they paying for the lease? 

S: It's none of your business! This is my property and I'm already generous enough to have let you in! 

EA: What?! I sold you this beautiful house and you treat me this way?! (looks at the couple again) Was the house sold to you two?! Tell me! 

NH: (laughs) Look lady, even if we did bought it, we don't need to tell you the specifics since we're not dealing with you. And no, we didn't buy this house. 

EA: You're a liar! (faces my sister) I'll take the house back now! 

S: Excuse me? Are you out of your mind?! 

EA: No I'm not! And it's clear to me that you're an irresponsible home owner! (takes something from her bag). Here, take this 300 thousand pesos and give me back my house! 

S: 300 thousand pesos!? Seriously!? (slams the money to EA's chest. My sister is fuming at this point) You need to leave my property right now! I won't allow you to disrespect me in front of this nice people! 300 thousand when we bought this house from you for 1 million?! 

EA: You can't kick me out of here! This is my house!

S: (grabs her phone) I'm calling the cops now! 

&nbsp;

EA then bolts out of there. On her way out, she screamed "I'll come back and take the house! This is not the end of this!".

After EA was nowhere to be seen, my sister broke down in front of the nice couple. The couple asked her a few details about EA and they were super understanding. My sister offered to return about 1/4 of the total money they paid for the lease, but the couple said that it's not necessary. Her husband knew what happened and he was FURIOUS to a point that he almost went to the condominium where EA was living in, but my sister was able to calm her down before anything bad happened.

As of now, my sister and her husband are seeking legal advice from my eldest sister and her firm. I'll post any updates if there are any.

TL;DR: Aunt sells her house to my sister with a pretty good sales pitch. House sold for more or less 1 million pesos with assurance that not much renovation was needed. Turned out it was a lie and renovation cost about 300k. After the renovation was finished, the house was leased to a foreign couple as sister and her husband was not moving in to the house yet. Then aunt offers to buy back the house for 300k which is significantly lower than the actual purchase price of the house./nSo me and my friend were on the bus the other day, and had an entitled parent experience. I apologise for the formatting, I'm on my phone. 


The cast is EM- Entitled mom, EK- Entitled kid, AF- Awesome friend, and Snapdragon is me. 

A little backstory before I continue. My friend has cancer, and is currently beginning leukemia treatment. She looks healthy, but definitely isn't. And I have an invisible disability that makes standing up for extended periods of time impossible, and I certainly can't climb the stairs of the bus without risking injury. 

We were both sat in the 'reduced mobility' reserved seats. We both look young, but most people nowadays understand that you can't always see disabilities, so we don't have any issues. The bottom deck of the bus was full of people, but my friend and I had gotten on before it filled up. Lucky us. 

Anyway, we were on the bus for half an hour, before on walks this mother, toddler in tow. My friend and I were in the middle of a lovely conversation about our plans for this day, when this woman walks up to us. She clears her throat, and raises her eyebrow at us. 

I'm paraphrasing, because I have really bad memory. This isn't word for word, but I consulted my friend to make sure everything was accurate. Minor details have been left out. 

AF: Can we help you? 
EM: My son and I have been walking around the shop for an hour, we need to sit down. 
AF: I'm sorry, but we need these seats, because-

EM cut us off 

EM: You're both teenagers. Don't be lazy, and give up your seat to a mother and her kid. 
Me: You don't understand. This isn't laziness. We really do need these seats.
EM: *points to EK* he needs this seat. So do I. So stand up. 

At this point, we both realise how futile fighting with her is, so we do the next best thing. We ignore her. We continue our conversation, which was the worst offence in her eyes. 

EM: You two pay attention to me! Didn't anyone teach you to respect your elders? 

AF and I stop talking, look at her, then at each other. AF smiles sweetly, and speaks to me. 
AF: Hey, Snapdragon, how come you didn't bring your crutch anyway? 
Me: *confused about the sudden change in conversation* Uhm, it was too much hassle. The bus stop is right outside the hospital, so I'm not walking too much. 

EM looks at us both, mouth opening as if she was about to speak again, but I cut her off, realising what my friend was doing. 

Me: So, do you want me to come in with you to speak to your oncologist? That way, I can help you tell him about how the chemotherapy is affecting you. 

It was at this point that EM shuts up. She looks embarrassed, and pressed the bell for the bus to stop. They both leave the bus. 
That'll teach them for heckling people like that. My friend and I have laughed about it, and we decided it'd be funny to post this on here. Maybe y'all will appreciate it too./n**I’m not talking about self harm scars, so if you came here for that, I’m sorry. Go read some better shit, this is just a rant from a fourteen year old girl who did something stupid four years ago**

**BACKSTORY** 

When I was nine, I had a huge trampoline in my backyard. That thing has been around since I was probably two years old. At the age of nine, it got a big hole in it and my mom took off the cloth thing, so it was just the trampoline frame. I would use that fucker as a tightrope and practice balance on that thing. One day, I slipped and fell, and landed in between my legs so it tore some skin and was super bloody. I now have permanent scars on my inner thighs, looking very much like rape scars. Let’s just go on to the story.

**The STORY** (yay)

I go shopping with my mom often, and in the summer I wear shorts cuz it’s hot as fuck. So these scars are super visible. Often times Karen’s pull their kids close and tell them to look away from “that gross girl” and sometimes I hear Karen’s saying something to their husband about “that slut” and they and their husbands shoot me dirty glances. I give zero fucks. Sometimes kind people say things to whoever their shopping with “oh that poor little girl”. Still, zero fucks given. Some are nice and approach my mom, saying kind words and my mom will have to explain what happened. They find it *hilarious*. One guy even bought me candy. (Thanks, John! I loved the snickers bar!). But recently, one Karen took it too far.

**Now for The ACTUAL STORY** (lol sorry)

Cast:

**Karen**

**OP** (it’s a me, Mario!)

**Mom**

**STORYTIME** (I’m sorry for the wait)

We were in the clothes section looking at some new pants for school, when suddenly, 

**Karen**: You shouldn’t be showing that in front of my son! * points to boy that was staring at his phone*

**Mom**: I’m sorry, what?

**Karen**: THAT LITTLE SLUT IS TRAUMATIZING MY SON!!!!

**OP**: ... my... scars?

**Karen**: DUH! Your traumatizing my son, you little slut! Get out of this store.

**OP**: ... the scars I got from falling off of a trampoline?...

**Karen**: STOP LYING, YOU LITTLE SLUT!!!!

**Mom** ok ma’am, we’re leaving now.

**Karen**: * triumphant HMPH* GOOD!!!

**OP**: mom, can we go somewhere without idiots? 

**Karen**: YOU LITTLE BI-

**Mom** ok, lets go.



We left and got frozen yogurt. We also went to RUE21 and I got some nice jeans.


**THE END**/nOkay, so this is my fiancé's story. I've had his mom and dad confirm it was real and I'll do my best to retell it here from what they told me, and I hope you enjoy.

&#x200B;

Cast:

Bean: My fiancé as a little first grade bean

M: his kick ass mom

EM: ya know

EK: EM's crotch fruit

&#x200B;

So, when Bean was in the first grade, EM would send EK to Bean's house often without confirming it to be okay with M first. He would be there until 9-10pm every time he was over, well past bedtime for a first grader. M would have to call EM just to come and get her kid, they lived down the street and she was actually home all day so they were just using M as a free baby sitter so she wouldn't have to deal with him.

Bean and EK would play and carry on like kids normally would, but EK was incredibly aggressive. Then when it came to school, he would make fun of Bean and act like he was the black sheep and single him out and tell him he wasn't "allowed" to hang out with him, and still would proceed to play with him after school.

EM was no better on school grounds as she and her possy would make fun of many kids when dropping off or picking up their own kids from school, calling some of them "retarded", "idiots", and Bean remembers one said that one "looked like a mongol". The school didn't do anything to stop this and none of the parents wanted to do anything about it or were too scared to.

One day, when dropping off Bean at school, EM and her possy decided today was the day to pick on him. According to M they were calling him "fat" and "stupid" and said M was a bad parent for it. M over heard this and she had enough.

M waited until almost all the kids were inside, but not before Bean was as she confronted EM and said, "Listen here you bitch, I'm gonna punch you, and I'm gonna punch you hard".

This is Bean's Newfie mother, one of the nicest people I've ever met, who has gone full mama bear rage mode and, as she said she would, punched EM in the face. They both proceeded to fight on the ground in a bear knuckle brawl complete with scratching, biting, hair pulling, you know, all the moves you would see on ESPN or your local playground.

The principal eventually came out, broke it up and the police were called. M and EM were escorted off of school property and told to go home. Later that night the cops showed up at Bean and M's home. They asked questions about what happened and, of course, M told them all about how they were harassing all these kids on school property and since the school wasn't doing anything she decided to defend her child.

The cops left without arresting her, but in the next couple of days, she had a summons to court because EM decided to press charges. M never bothered going as she knew she was in the right and, surprisingly, never had to pay any charges. Parents who saw or heard about what happened congratulated her and said they were glad *someone* finally stood up to EM. However, M and EM did not go unscathed from the incident. Both M and EM were banned from being school property for the rest of the school year (kind of sad, Bean had a play and she had to stand in the back of the field to watch).

Oh yeah, also EK stopped coming over if you can believe it.

&#x200B;

EDIT: THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GOLD AND THE COMMENTS AND STORIES!! I'll just clear things up that Bean just remembered, but please remember I am not at all familiar with the legal system or how it works. I've only been involved with police once for a missing person so nothing on assault haha:

I was also confused by the fact that nothing happened when M got a summons, but we're assuming that EM dropped the charges after finding out legal fees or something haha (or maybe she had a change of heart if possible???? Nah.)

Bean also recalls M's mug shot getting taken but we don't know when (before or after they showed up to their house) so the police DOES have the case on file and she probably has a record for it, but I'm not sure.

For those of you wondering what happened in the new school year when the ban was dropped, they are still living in the same house as before down the street and Bean moved to a new school because they didn't want to deal with EM now that she was back. He has a good story about a teacher there which I will post but I don't know what subreddit to put it under. Stay tuned!/n   Part 1:  https://www.reddit.com/user/PlannedBaronhood/comments/aqxyhg/em_tries_to_make_me_change_my_sexuality_for_her/?st=JS69928D&sh=ec443892

Part 3 and 4 are now on my profile guys!
To keep up you’ll have to follow my account or subscribe. I’m sorry guys the sub wasn’t working. 


   So for reference I’m going to rewrite a short story for now and hope the sub actually let’s me post it. I’ll talk about her mom and the school. 

    F: Friend 
    Me: Me
    EM: Entitled Mom

    So it was my first day back at school after the weekend of the “incident” with F’s mom. When I walked in my teacher looked puzzled to see me, and then called me over to her desk. (Teacher will be T). 
 
T: Hey OP, why are you here? 

Me: Why wouldn’t I be? This is my class lol. 

T: We sent a suspension notice in the mail. I thought you got it. 
 
   I never get mail. My dad was always too drunk to actually give me it and threw out whatever came to me. I ask what the notice is about but I’m sent to guidance without an answer. 

    I arrive to a sight I never thought I’d like, my vice principal. He knew me well, so I decided to talk to him before my counselor. 

VP: What brings you in Jerry? 

Me: Apparently I got suspended or something? I have no idea. 

VP: Oh yeah, we got a call from F’s mom saying some stuff you were doing outside school. I didn’t file the report, but I did sign it. 

   So I come to find out she was attempting to report me for SEXUAL ASSAULT ON HER DAUGHTER. VP called down F, and after about four hours it’s resolved. Turns out EM decided that since her daughter wasn’t good enough for me, I wasn’t good enough for the school. 
   I was pissed. I asked if I could press charges, to which VP laughed and said to forget about it, he’d handle any situations with her. 

   F later apologized again, because her mom had some deeeeep-seated mental issues. I was starting to get scared, but there were no issues after that for a while. Eventually though...it got out of hand. 

Sorry for the short story guys. I can’t post the actual P2 I made because it keeps getting removed. I’ll look into it and try to have it up tonight. Part 3 coming soon. Love you guys and thanks for the support!

Also if you guys have any questions or anything about the situation just comment. I try my best to respond to everyone. /nThis story happened a couple of summers ago. I have been babysitting a sweet girl with Angelman-Syndrom for a long time now to give her mom, who is a friend of mine, some alone time. Due to her condition she is mentally and physically handicapped and uses a wheelchair. She bites and hits herself, when she is stressed or unhappy, which is very normal behavior since she cannot express herself otherwise. She is happy and bubbly almost all of the time, laughing a lot and playing with toddler’s toys. One day we went to a public pool, since she loves water and watching other children play.

EM: entitled mother, EK: entitled kid, SG: sweet girl, the girl I babysit

I am not a native speaker, therefore the conversation is translated.

We were at a public pool, minding our own business and SG was having fun with me pouring water over her legs. She laughed a lot and chewed on one of her stuffed animals. A few of the other moms had made conversation and had asked questions about her, which I gladly answered and they had made silly faces at her, which she loves.

In came EM and EK. When they arrived she already glared at us for no reason. I ignored them and continued to play with SG. After a while EK, who was about 5-6 years old, came over and asked me about SG. I tried to explain it as simple as I could to her. She came close to SG and I warned her that SG sometimes likes to pull on hair, if your head is very close to her, but she does not know any better. She thinks this is fun and does not understand that it hurts other people. (You have to be very close to her though, in order for her to reach your hair. Closer than you would nromally go up to someone you do not know.) EK ignored me and moved closer with her head to look at SG’s toy. Of course SG stretched out her arm and pulled on her hair, happy to play with something else. SG can have a rather tight grip, if she wants something. EK cried immediately. I tried to open SG's hand carefully so neither of the two gets hurt any further. EK was crying her eyes out and shouting for her mom, who ran towards us with fury in her eyes.

EM: “What did your child do to my daughter? Can’t you discipline your moronic child?”

Me: “I’m very sorry. She does not know any better. I warned your daughter not to get to close to SG with her head.”

EM: “You and your psycho child should be kicked out! I am going to call the police for assault! You are a terrible parent!”

Me: “Again, I’m very sorry. She did not mean to hurt your daughter, but…”

She then slapped SG’s arm pretty hard and said: “Don’t you ever hurt my daughter again!”

I was shocked and so were the other moms around me, who had witnessed everything. I tried to step in between SG and EK and simultaneously console SG, who did not understand the situation and began biting her arm. I was at a loss for words, not thinking too clearly and overwhelmed with the whole situation. I am not the confrontational type and I have never been in a situation like this before.

Me: “What are you doing? Are you crazy? Can’t you see she doesn’t understand? I said I was sorry…”

EM: ”If you cannot discipline your child, then someone has to do it for you. Look, she is clearly dangerous. She is biting herself. That is not normal. Put her in a home or an asylum or something like that.”

Me: Listen, I am just babysitting her. And you never hit a child, neither your own nor someone elses. What kind of a person does that?”

EM did not like, what I said.

EM: “Your child hurt my daughter. I have every right to defend her.” She kept shouting and insulting the two of us.

EK then took SG’s toy and hid behind her mother, distracting me for a second. She kept going on about my bad parenting, clearly not listening to me.

Me, turning to EK: “Please give SG her toy back. It is her favorite.”

The EM just scoffed at us and told me, they would take it, because SG hurt her daughter and therefore had to give EK the toy as compensation.

At that moment a lifeguard came up to us, because one of the moms had gone to look for someone. Before he could ask anything the EM started to shout:

“You have to kick them out. Her daughter assaulted my child. She is clearly out of her mind. I want the police to be called and the two of them should be arrested. She clearly can’t take care of the girl.”

The mom, who had found him, interjected: “She warned EK not to get too close and she ignored the warning. SG only pulled on EK’s hair and did not ‘assault’ your daughter. This is no reason to hit the girl.”

The other moms agreed and were on my side. The lifeguard was very nice and told the EM to leave us alone and he would not call the police to arrest a disabled girl. EM did not like this and started to shout at him. He told her to either calm down or she would be asked to leave the premises. EM saw that no one was on her side, so she took her child, went back to her things and packed. One of the moms went up to her and retrieved SG’s toy. EM and EK left soon after and the moms apologized for the whole ordeal, even though it was not their fault. I was still in shock after the whole situation and it took some time to really console SG.

Edit 1: Thank you so much for my 1st gold!!

Edit 2: Wow!! I am so thankful for the Platinum for my first post!!

Since many asked: SG is doing great and it does not seem to have a lasting effect on her. She is as happy as ever./nI work as a tutor at my university. Last semester, I was basically the only tutor for an Algebra course for freshman, which was actually pretty fun for me. I bet the students wouldn't agree with that, though. There was this one student who just didn't seem to grasp onto basic aspects of Algebra, so she struggled for the whole semester. She came to talk to me a few times, but it quickly became clear that she just wanted me to give her the homework answers. As a tutor, I cannot and will not do that as my job is to help students UNDERSTAND the material. She didn't seem to want to understand the material, which was frustrating. Throughout the semester, and on the day of their final, I hosted group study sessions to go over basic concepts and answers any questions. She came to a few of these, but she was often on her phone and/or talking to her classmates. I figured she was going to fail.

I was right- she did fail. Her mom decided to pull her out of university and send her to a community college for the time being. However, she still owes money to my school, so she sent a letter to my boss (who's the dean) and basically said, "My daughter failed out of this school because she wasn't given the available resources, so it's your fault. I'm gonna sue you for the $13,000 I still owe the school." My boss was really confused and found out that I, along with a few of my coworkers, had met with her in attempts to improve her grades. Algebra was not the only class that she failed and she did meet with other tutors, so I'm not sure what the student told her mom. 

My boss sent her an email saying, "Your daughter DID use the resources here, so it's not our fault. She met with several tutors and I have the records to show it. Feel free to sue us, but I won't be giving you any money." The mom hasn't replied\~/nAfter having read quite many posts here, I decided to try and tell my own experience with an EP. Please, forgive any mistake, English is my second language.

Premise: a family friend I've known since I was born went to Japan around the same time as my birthday (early April), so he asked me if I wanted him to get me anything. As not to make him go crazy looking for anime figures or the like, I asked for a cute notebook I saw on the Pokemon Center site. When he came back, he didn't get me just the notebook, but also a Pikachu pen and the item that's gonna be featured in my story, a package of four holographic cards of Pikachu and the Sun and Moon starters.

I'm usually not the type of person to keep every item in the box they come in, but the way the package was made was too pleasing to look at to rip it open, so I left it as it is on one of my shelves.

Cue two months later, my parents have a party where they invite their friends as always, and two of them have a total brat of a kid, around 7 years old at the time, he's been insufferable from the moment he learned to talk, his mom treats him like a king so he thinks he can get away with anything.

I don't remember why I was in my room at the moment, but EK comes in and points at the shelf where I have my Pokemon cards albums (as well as the package, as I said earlier.)

EK: "Can I have your cards?"

I'm a little confused at first, does he want me to gift him my cards or is he trying to ask me if I can show them to him?

Me: "huh, sure". I get to the shelf and I'm about to take the box where I keep most of my cards in, about 200 of them, but then he shakes his head.

EK: "No, I want the ones in the package! Open it so I can see them."

Me: "No, they're special, I won't open them just for you."

EK: "But I want them!! Open them so I can have them!"

Me: "They were given to me as a birthday gift, I choose what to do with them. You don't even like Pokemon anyway, and can't read the text in Japanese on the cards, what would you want them for?"

EK keeps pouting and whining, saying that I'm evil and I'm too old to be into Pokemon (I was 18 at the time, I'm 20 now).

Hearing her precious baby boy moaning, EM joins in.

EM: "What did you do to my EK?"

Me: "I told him that I won't give him something that was given to me as a birthday gift."

EK tells EM that he wants the Pokemon cards in the package.

EM: "Well then, if you aren't going to play with them, you might as well give them away. They're just pieces of paper after all."

Me: "Which part of 'they're a birthday gift' you don't get? I'm not expecting you to understand their value, but if someone wanted your EK to give away something you bought him, you wouldn't let that happen, right?"

EM stares at me dumbfounded and offended, then drags her EK into the living room and tells her husband that he has to take the two of them home because EK is feeling sick.


Oh, there was also the time where EK wanted me to give him my manga collection and since he was too stupid to understand that what I read isn't meant for elementary school children when I told him, I showed him a page of a dog getting burnt alive. He may have called me sick for being into such things, but at least it was enough to change his mind.

UPDATE: 
Since people asked for them, here's the cards in question: http://imgur.com/a/u8Bc8s4

And the manga I showed him was indeed JoJo's Bizarre Adventure Phantom Blood (rip Danny). If anyone was curious, other manga in my collection include Fullmetal Alchemist, One Punch Man, Neon Genesis Evangelion, Assassination Classroom and Gensomaiden Saiyuki (I recently added some My Hero Academia and Promised Neverland)./nbackstory\~

when i was 15 i worked at a small pet store that had a lot of exotic animals and stuff. i worked from 3 pm to 8 pm. i was underweight and it was noticable ( this will be imporant later ). i almost never went home because my step-dad would beat the living shit out of me simpily becuse i was queer. the shop was part of one of those plazas with a bunch of differnt stores sorounding it. after my shift was done i would stand outside of the stores and wait till it would be a desint time to go home.

the actual story\~

it was a friday evening and i was hanging out with some of the birds when i hear the bell above the door ring. we never were busy so we went to see our new cusimers. one was a man who seemed a bit malnurished and sick, whilst one was a little girl ( maybe 5-7 ) the little girl makes a bee- line to me cause one of our cockatoos was one my shoulder. she askes if she can hold him and i take him off of my sholder and place him on her arm. she had fun for a good hour or so but we had to kick them out sence it was closing time. i wave goodbye to the little girl whilst the dad gives me a glare. i thought nothing of it and i went to clean up some of the store. i wave goodbye to my co-worker and i head outside. i stand outside of a comic store as i wait till midnight to roll around so i can seek home. i see the same father daughter dou and wave hello. the father approaches me as he holds his daughter's hand. the conversation follows

ed: hey, what're you selling?

me: well the store is closed but you are more than welcome to come by tomorrow!      

ed: no, no, no, i mean like some feel goods

me: we sell birds?\* in confused tone\*

ed: YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN!

me: i really don't

ed: they shouldn't have teens as dealers now and days, getin' on my nerve!

me: oh, I'm not a drug dealer! 

ed: come on man, i know you got cocaine at least. you look like you do it daily! 

me: I'm underweight cause of my eating pattern. I'm not a drugie!

ed: IF YOU DON'T GIVE IT TOO ME THEN I'LL CALL THE POLICE!!!

me: be my guest!

he calls the police all the while yelling at me for not being a dealer. i kinda knew why he might have thought i looked like a drugie ( i wore a rasta hoodie that was for plus size people so i didn't look the best). the police arrive and question us separately. he tells some sob story about me raping his daughter whilst i tell them the truth. the police asked if i did rape her and i say "no" and he goes ballistic 

ed: I KNOW YOU RAPED MY POOR LITTLE DAUGHTER, YOU MONSTER!

me: i did not 

ed: YES YOU DID!

me: i don't even have a penis 

he goes both silent and pale. the police ask if that is the case and i pat my crotch proving i don't have anything down there ( I'm a trans guy). long story short he ends up in the back of the cop car and i head out to home.

TLDR; a drug addict gets mad at me for not being a drug dealer and when the police arrive he accuses me of raping his daughter/nThis happened a few months ago, but I never posted it, and reading a recent post from a fellow swim instructor inspired me to post this now. It’s a pretty mild story, but a mild true story is better than a wild fake, right?

One ordinary Sunday, I was working my private lessons shift. Private lessons are more expensive than group lessons, and we as instructors get paid more for them, so only people with a reasonable amount of experience teaching swimming (usually at least two years) get assigned to these shifts. I’m the only person on this shift who has yet to be promoted to manager of some sort. 

Background: I am a petite 18-year-old girl with a rather conservative style (no tattoos, no piercings except earlobes, mid-back-length haircut with no dye). My coworker “Casey” is a rather large man in his early 20’s with facial hair and multiple tattoos. This becomes relevant pretty quickly. 

A family shows up for their lessons. One of their kids is an adorable, quiet 5-year-old girl “Mia”. Mia was my student months ago, but the family took a break from swim lessons and in the meantime I got a new student during that time slot, so I couldn’t be her teacher anymore. This was the family’s first day back from several months of no lessons, so we had to figure out who the kids’ teachers would be. I looked at the schedule and told Mia that Casey would be her teacher. I introduced her to Casey and she followed him without any sign of disagreement or hesitation. 

Now, even though Casey might appear intimidating to a small child, he’s actually pretty good with kids and he definitely knows how to teach. Kids tend to make good progress with him as their instructor. 

I was getting in the water with my student, in a different part of the pool from where Casey was teaching Mia, when I was interrupted by none other than Mia’s dad. 

D = Mia’s dad, M = me

D: Excuse me?

M: Yes?

D: You really have to be more careful about who you hire for this job.

M: What do you mean?

D: I don’t want a big man with tattoos teaching my little daughter! He is not a good teacher for her. She should have someone else. 

M: I’m sorry, I have no control over the schedule, and I certainly can’t control the hiring process. If it’s any consolation, Casey’s a good instructor and he has lots of experience with teaching swim lessons. I’m sure he’ll teach Mia well. 

D: But still, it must be scary for her to have this instructor! Could she have a girl teacher like last time? Or a guy who isn’t as scary, like that one? (pointing to another instructor, a super fit guy who’s barely taller than I am)

M: I understand your concern, but I have no control over the schedule. My supervisor’s phone number is on the website where you registered for lessons. Contact her with any concerns. I’m sorry to cut you off, but I have to get this lesson started.

Mia’s lesson went smoothly and she had no qualms about having Casey as her instructor. 

The end. 

TL;DR: Dad is upset that his young daughter’s swim lesson teacher is a large, “scary”, tattooed man. Without even giving the instructor a chance, he approaches his daughter’s former instructor, myself, and interrupts my teaching to ask me to be more careful about who “I” hire, even though I’m just a humble swim instructor with no power in the work hierarchy./nHIYA! I am typing this with my newborn baby in my arms sound asleep and perfect right. I was going to wait to post this but I just couldn’t wait to tell you all what this insane Karen did to me today.

So for those who don’t know as of the day I’m posting this I just gave birth to my son and there is a ton of drama involving my Monster in law. This story however is about some random crazy lady that wanted to essentially set my newborn son up with her newborn granddaughter. But I’m getting ahead of myself.

Cast: 

Me,
Squish: 7lbs and 9 oz of adorable baby boy (my son),
Karen: Crazy grandma who reads too many romance novels,
Guard: lovely security officer posted outside my room

Due to all the drama involving my mother in law we had a security officer posted outside of my room during my delivery and afterwards. He was essentially there to keep my mother in law away. However Karen thought that because there was a security officer outside my room that it meant someone important or famous was inside. Our door was open with the officer next to it so we saw her walk by several times before coming to the door and peering in.

Karen: Who are you? 

Me: *obviously confused* I’m sorry?

Karen: Who are you? You must me important if you have a cop outside your room who, by the way, is on his phone. 

The guard just chuckled. 

Me: Oh no, he’s just there to keep any unwanted visitors out. 

Karen: So you are important? Are you an actress?

*side-note in case you missed my first EP story. I only have one eye and wear an eyepatch. I can’t name a single actress that wears an eyepatch for function. If you can please let me know because honestly that would be pretty cool.* 

Me: No ma’am. Just a new mom trying to relax with her son.

Karen: Aw how sweet! My daughter just had a baby girl down the hall. Wouldn’t it just be great if they were friends?

Me: *laughs nervously* I mean yeah that would be cute, but-

Karen: Here let me take him to her. *She started walking over to the basinet next to my bed and the guard followed her in sensing trouble.*

Me: Um no. * I grabbed Squish out of the basinet and held him close to me, he didn’t fuss because he’s such a good Squish. Karen gave me a disappointed look*

Karen: Well that’s just rude. Come on, this is going to be the romance of the century. The actresses son falls for the poor peasant girl.

Me: Ma’am I’m not an actress and my son isn’t even a day old there is no need to start talking about romance. I’m going to have to ask you to leave.

The guard puts his hand on Karen’s shoulder and Karen begins screaming about how I’m probably a terrible actress and that’s why she didn’t recognize me. 

Squish starts crying and screaming because of the noise and the guard pulls Karen’s arms behind her and turns to walk her out. 

Right after she left my husband came in with food and took Squish from me so I could eat. 

I’m sorry that I missed out on what could have been the romance of the century, I’m going to go back to real world now.

Edit: My child’s name isn’t actually Squish lol I didn’t think I would need to say hat but I guess with all the crazy names people give their kids squish could have very easily been one of them lol also thanks for the well wishes. Squish and I are doing great!/nWell this incident in particular took place around 6-7 months back. It was a fine Sunday and I pretty much like to relax, play some PlayStation and some drinks (cold drinks not booze). Pretty much just stay in my room. Well that day my mom told me that our aunt is coming to visit for a day with her son (8yrs). And well I don't hate kids but I don't like em either, so I decided to put my console and shit away and I just sat in the living room with my phone messing around waiting for them.

After about an hour or so they finally come. The first thing they do after coming is just throw their shoes near the door and DEMANDS, (*yes demands not asks*) me to make them a lemonade because they came travelling in heat and all (came in a fucking a.c. car).

So I make them their drinks and sit on the sofa while EA talks with my mom. I was just sitting minding my business when this hellspawn comes and starts to hit me and scratch me FOR NO FUCKING REASON. I ask the aunt to ask him to stop and this was her response,

EA : Oh c'mon he's just a kid it probably doesn't even hurt you. 

ME : I am literary BLEEDING because of his nails loo-

EA : DONT YOU GO ACCUSING MY SON, THATS PROBABLY FROM BEFORE. SO JUST STOP BLAMING HIM OK.

ME : Bu-

EA : He's just bored why don't you give him your console to play with?

Oh no way in hell was I gonna let that hellspawn use my console, Nope fuck that.

ME : Oh no the console is not working, it's motherboard is dead. (Yeah I just made it up at that point)

EA : Oh well just give him your phone to play with and I will tell him to stop.

ME : Oh no it's personal so I don't give to anyon-

EA : Oh he's just a kid he won't do anything to it.

EK : yea I won't do anything.

ME : well just give him your phone why does he need mine.

EA : DONT BACK TALK TO ME LIKE THAT I AM YOUR ELDER. NOW DO AS I SAID AND GIVE HIM THAT DAMN THING UNDERSTAND.

ME : No I won-

This kid then just yanks the phone out of my hands, and I kid you not he fucking YEETS (throws) it in the other corner of room and HE starts crying.

WHAT THE FUCK?!

Well at the moment I and my mom both were in shock and as a quick reflex I just move that asshat out of the way and run to the phone. And guess what my screen was fully cracked, and the phone was not working.

I come back and the kid is crying that I pushed him and EA starts to yell at me like there is no tomorrow.

EA : HOW DARE YOU TOUCH MY KI- 

ME : WELL YOU GET HIM OUT OF MY FUCKING HOUSE RIGHT NOW AND TEACH HIM SOME MANN-

EA : *GASPS* HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT I AM YOUR ELDER. I AM GOING TO TELL YOUR FATHER.

And well it was a mess, it even got physical at the point where I was pulling her hair and slapping her while she was kicking and TRYING to beat me.

After arguing about an hour or so my mom called my father and she called my uncle and well everything was later resolved and she was (still is) banned from our house forever.

Except my uncle he understood the situation and later came back (45 min ride) just to apologise to me and my mom. He is a very nice man, he even ensured us it will never happen again. He even offered the money for the broken phone but my father said it's ok.

At this day my uncle is happily divorced single man. He even helps me with college and with my car, we also play videogames together. So that is that./nThis happened Monday, I’ve used buses all my life for long distance travel and never encountered this level of bullshittery. This all happened in a span of five minutes. 

You know the players - Me, EP, SK (sleepy kid)

I take an early bus back to Washington DC after spending a lovely Easter weekend with my girlfriend’s family.  Seating is first come first serve, and I go to the back of the empty bus so that I am closest to the bathroom.  Everyone else shuffles in, and the bus is about halfway full. I’m lucky enough to have the big backseat  to myself. 

I hear her before I see her - EP.  Medium length hair, bold highlights, hoop earrings, and bejeweled sunglasses. She’s on the phone with (I assume) her husband, and is all but dragging a sleepy three year old by the hand into the bus. 

I stick in my earbuds, and try to bunker down for a nap when I feel a shift in pressure behind my head. I open my eyes and see the EP six inches from my face, her hand on my headrest. Her sunglasses are now on the top of her head, and she’s looking at me like I insulted her shirt. 

Me: “Can I help you?”

EP: “Yes, I need this back seat for my little baby. They’re not potty trained, and I need to be as close to the bathroom as possible. Can you move?”

I move right away, who am I to deny a kid who needs to go potty?  I grab my backpack, and shimmy out the seat, around the mom, and see an open seat across the isle. 

No sooner do I place my backpack in the overhead storage area and sit down when I hear her dissatisfied screech. 

EP: “Um, what was that? Were you raised in a barn?”

Me: “What are you talking about?”

EP: “You never said “bye bye” to SK when you moved!  You are so rude! Look, they’re so upset that they’re crying!”

SK is whimpering, but it’s 3:30am and they’re rubbing their eyes. Clearly the kid is just tired, and their high pitched mother isn’t helping. 

Me, just wanting to avoid conflict this early in the morning: “Ok, I’m sorry. Turning to SK from my seat, ‘bye bye SK.’”


This of course does nothing to assist the tired child, and the mother goes full on crazy.  


EP: “What was that? You didn’t do it right. Get up, and do it again.” She picks up the now whining child, and points to the seat where I just moved from. 

Me: “You want me to move to where I was, say bye, and move into this seat again?”

EP: “Yes, how else will SK calm down! You hurt his feelings!”

Me:  “No, not happening.”


With that, I put in my earbuds, crank up whatever was next on my Spotify playlist, and stare out the window.  We haven’t even left the garage yet, and I see the bus station workers loading luggage under the bus.  I hear the mom yelling some vague insults at me, how I ruined her child for life, but soon enough she sits down and SK falls asleep on her lap.  EP shoots me dirty glances the whole ride, and when we reach a rest stop with food, she cuts in front of me when I’m in line. Dramatically flipping her hair and oversized hoops like she just finished delivering a winning speech. Whatever, EP, you got a shitty sandwich before I did. 


Cute kid, though.



Edit: formatting/nHonestly...I can't even..

Cast
Me: Panda Hat Girl
EM: Entitled Parent
EK: kid who was on phone whole time.

Here's the scene. I'm standing in line at my local dollar store holding a pack of glasses lens wipes and a small makeup palette. The EM and EK got in line behind me. I feel a tap on my shoulder. And begin!

EM: Excuse me!

Me: *turns around* Yes?

EM: HoW dArE yOu BuY cOnDoMs In FrOnT oF mY cHiLd

Me: *is confused because I didn't know what she was talking about. I look down and see the wipes in my hand and noticed that it did look like a box of condoms* Uh-

EM: You of all people shouldn't have sex much less a boyfriend.

Me: *decides to be evil* How dare you assume I'm into guys. *I'm not a lesbian. Just kinda wanted to see what would happen*

EM: THATS DISGUSTING!! *grabs box away from me* You should be Ashamed of yourself. *Looks at box and goes pale*

Me: *waits a moment* Can I have my glasses wipes back?

EM: *gives it back and leaves with her kid and not buying her stuff*

EK: Mom? What about myyyyyyy stuff?!

Me: *already writing out this in my head to post on here later*

I'm still laughing that she didn't figure out that if I had a girlfriend...I wouldn't need condoms. But who would buy dollarstore condoms?/nAround 2-and-a-half months ago I turned 14, and thus I was able to get my first job at my local Zaxby's. This, however, was around 3 days ago.

I work at the cash register, but I was covering one of my friends on my day off working in the Drive-Thru. I am 14 years old, but I'm just slightly above average height (5' 9", average around where I live is 5'7"-ish), and people say that I have a really deep voice so to people that aren't from around where I live  tend to think I'm just a really short adult (Most people think I'm 19-20). My girlfriend surprised me at work (Saturday) so I took my lunch break and ate inside the restaurant, because she'd been craving it and I get an employee discount. Now, my girlfriend is extremely short, and though her makeup and choice of clothing makes her look way older than she actually is, she's still obviously somewhere between 13 and 15.

So while my girlfriend and I are having a fun little conversation about movies, some woman with a longer version of the, "Can I speak to the Manager," haircut approached us with her son who looked to about 3.

"Can you move? I don't want my son catching your eye disease." I have a disorder called heterochromia, which is where, in my case, my left eye is a warm brown color and my right eye is emerald green. It is a harmless genetic thing, and it's not in any way, "Contagious."

"Nah, I'm good. I'm in the middle of a conversation, and my, *eye disease* isn't contagious at all." I then looked back to my girlfriend. "Look mister, whatever you and your niece are talking about can't be that important. Now, my son is very tired and it wouldn't be that hard for you to move. I don't want him catching your disease. I am a paying customer and you have to move.''

"She's not my niece, she's my girlfriend and-" then this look of just *pure horror* spreads over her face- "JESUS CHRIST! YOU SICK FUCING BASTARD!" She shrieked as she pulled my girlfriend out of her chair to get her away from me(All the while I'm calling out that im 14 years old),  "SHE'S A KID YOU SICK FUCK LEAVE HER ALONE!" at this point, my 4'8'' girlfriend is kicking a pulling in an attempt to get out of the EM's grasp and back to me. Then my manager came over and asked what in the hell was happening. This EM *freaks the fuck out* and tells this whole story about how I was, "assaulting this poor young girl" and "Being rude and offensive to her and her son." At this point, my manager said that he knows for a fact that I'm 14 and that this is my girlfriend, he also said that if EM did not leave the building immediately he would call the police and have them arrest her for creating a public disturbance and assault. The EM is *cherry freakin' red* and says that she would never return to Zaxby's with a melodramatic and exaggerated heel turn, dragging her kid(Who was actually nice, he never made a noise and just looked kinda sad and apologetic through the whole encounter) behind her.

&#x200B;

Edit 1: I got a lot of questions about the job thing, the legal age to hold a job is 16 in the US, but certain places can hire you at 14

Edit 2: I did not handle this as well as everyone thinks, when my manager came over my hand was close enough to the the Karen's neck that I could feel her nose-breath on my hand/nDue to popular demand.

I was doing paramedic placement at a small rural town on the coast, lovely place.  We get called code 1 (lights and sirens) to an upper class suburb to a kid who had fallen off a bike.

Upon arrival a quick scene size up, small toddler bike on nice soft grass.  Distraught mother at door.  We go in and have a look at the kid.  Mentor paramedic and I start combing through the kid's hair, looking for bleeding or swelling, nothing.  I'm treating officer for this case.

Mother: M
Paramedic: P

Me: (to kid) I'm not seeing anything, can you point to where it hurts?

Kid points, still looking for a bump

M: she'll have to go to hospital

Me:. I'm not seeing any reason why the kid needs to go to hospital, we're having a hard time finding the bump 

M:. She needs an MRI

Please note, the closest MRI is a 2 hour drive.  While this is happening the paramedic has a conduction a neuro assessment, all good there

Me: there is no MRI machine here, the emergency ward only has 4 beds.  Have you put an ice pack on the kid's head?

M: no, but she needs to go to hospital and get checked.

P: let's start with that then and see if things improve.

Paramedic starts to grab out crappy chemical ice pack.  

Me: we won't use that (turning to mother) do you have some frozen peas in the freezer?

M: yes, why?

Me: can you grab them and wrap them in a tea towel

M:...sure?

Mother leaves room, paramedic has a puzzling look on his face.  Mother comes back with peas wrapped car n tea towel.

Me: thank you. (Passes it to kid) put this on where it hurts. (Kid does so). Feeling better? (Kid nods)

P: oh, you using the peas as an ice pack, nice idea.

M: what

Me: the head is a very vascular area, lots of blood vessels and it swells very easily when it was a subjected to a impact.  Ice does wonders to reduce the swelling, and frozen peas are much better then our Chemical ice packs.

M:. Oh, I didn't know that, so she doesn't need an MRI?

Me:. (to kid) all good? (kid is smiling and gives thumbs up)

Me: (to mother) I am confident to say that your kid doesn't need to go to hospital.

A long discussion about caring, prevention and what to do if things degrade occurs.  We get back in J the ambulance and drive to the closest beach to do paperwork.

I suspect Mother has watched too many medical dramas and hasn't taken a basic first aid course.
/n(Blah blah bad formatting on mobile)  A bit of backstory: I have epilepsy and extremely loud noises cause my seizures. My cousin invited us over for her birthday in Cali so I didn't have me seizure meds since we were only staying a day.
EP- My aunt EK- Demon child C- My cousin Me- Your narrator 

At the party I was sitting in the living room on my phone having some ice cream when EK1 comes into the room. 

EK: Do you have games on your phone? 

Me: Yeah, but they're not for kids. 

EK- I wanna play! 

Me: No means no, EK. 

Ek starts screaming and crying so I leave to my cousins room for some quiet. I hear some yelling from the living room and EP comes in with EK. She's furious. 

EP: How dare you hit your cousin! 

Me: What? I just didn't give him my phone. 

EP: Give it to him now! 

Her voice gets louder and I feel I'm about to have a seizure. I shove her aside and rush out of the room, looking for my moms purse. She kept extra medication in case of this. EP barges in to the room again with EK. 

Me: Leave me alone, I'm kind of having a medical emergency! 

EP: Not until you apologize to EK! 

The kid and EP are both being extremely loud so I rush over to the couch so I don't hurt myself. I end up having a seizure then and there as my cousin walked in. 

C- [My name]  are you okay!? 

EP and EK bolted as I was just recovering. My cousin grabbed my spare medication and some water. 

C- What happened!? 

Me- EP and EK happened. I'm fine, though. 

C- No you aren't. I'm telling your mom. 

I later hear EP getting yelled at by my cousin and mom. She wasn't invited to any more family events. 

TL;DR: EK screams cause I won't give him my phone and causes me to have seizure. EP freaks out and runs but gets caught and banned from family events. 

Edit: It wasn't exactly the loud noise that caused the seizure, but the stress of the situation did. 

Edit: Thanks for silver+Platinum!

Edit: I didn't think this would get that much recognition but thanks for the support everyone! Stay strong friends who also have epilepsy or similar! /nAs previously stated, I'm a trans boy (FtM), but this story happened when I was fifteen and I was still closeted and female presenting.


Note that I'm from mobile (sorry) and English is not my native language (sorry again). Note also that this story is suitable for a mature audience. TW, obviously, of sexual abuses.

I know it will be long. Tl;dr at the end. 

The story:

During my early teen years I was in a very precarious mental stability. I need to explain it so that the rest of the story is understandable.
I had really terrible experiences, from which I came up with a post-traumatic stress disorder, and no support from my parents.

When I was fourteen, a 17 years old boy from my neighborhood helped me handle a bad situation, and after that we started dating.


Fast forward a year and a half later.

We always had unprotected sex. I was able to barely notice that, since I was heavily traumatized (PTSD with flashbacks, nightmares and stuff like that). I could only stare at the void, completely alienating myself. I was barely aware that I was having sex. I wasn't happy in that situation, he was a violent person and he was cheating on me with anyone. I couldn't refuse to have sex or he forced me to. I tried to break up with him several times, but every time he beat or threatened me.
His mom was a very weird person. She was always talking about sex, even with me. She told me she didn't wear panties and encouraged me to do the same. She told me how often she had sex with her husband, and that his penis was huge. She once told me even that, when her children were young, she breastfed her husband too. She also made sure that I slept with her son under the covers, when I went to see her. She was a really unpleasant person, but I never realized how horrible and entitled she was until...


EM: the bitch | EK: the boy | M: my mother | Me: let's call me Clare. 


EK: have you had your period this month?

Me: I don't know

(Please keep in mind that I was severely traumatized, had PTSD and attempted suicide just a few weeks earlier)

EK: I think you haven't. You hadn't your period last month either.

Me: What, are you sure?

EK: Yeah *(with a big smile)*

Me: Oh...

EK: I'll bring you a pregnancy test this evening, have the test tomorrow morning, ok?



The following morning I had the test and, well, it was frickin' positive.



Me: *(crying)* It's positive. I've no idea what to do... 

EK: *(smiling)* My mom KNEW that! She's awesome, she already see the belly. 

Me: My family hasn't even the money to raise another children! 

EK: Who cares? You have to leave the school! We will marry and you will move to our house. 

Me: What? Absolutely not! I'm fifteen! I'll go to school no matter what! And your family hasn't the money either! 

EK: Well, if you really want to finish your high schools, I'll let you do it. You can leave my child to my mom during the day. Money matter is not a problem of yours, if there's food for four, there's food for six too. 

Me: You're talking nonsense. If I'll have a child, they will stay with me.

EK: So you'll stay at home helping my mom and nursing my child.

Me: Heck not I'm doing such a thing! I'm not thinking about it right now. I'm dying inside, I don't even know what to do.

EK: Come on, let's go to my mom. She'll know what to do.


We went to his house.


EK: *(smiling)* Mom, Clare is pregnant. 

EM: *(widely smiling)* Oh, kids, you should use protections, you know? Clare, have you already gave the news to your mother?

Me: ...no...

EM: Well, do it this evening or I'll talk to her tomorrow morning. You hear me?

Me: ...yeah...



That evening, I told my mother. She didn't want me to have a child. After that, EK called me.



EK: Well?

Me: She said she doesn't want to.

EK: *(Surprised, then angry)* What?! Will she not force you to have it?!

Me: Well, not.

EK says his mother what's going on, than hang up.



The next morning, her mother comes to my home. My mother calls me in the kitchen and we all sit at the table. I'm stubbornly watching at my Nintendo, ignoring both of them while they talk about me.



EM: Well, are we going to give birth to this child or not?

M: It's Clare's body. Clare's life. Clare's decision.

EM: Actually, she had sex with my son. Since it was EK work, it's EK work. And we want to have the baby.

M: "We"? Clare's still a kid. Your son is an adult, but she's not. And I don't understand why you're speaking for him.

EM: EK is only eighteen, and if your daughter is old enough to have sex, she's old enough to have a child!

M: Still, we don't have the money to raise a child.

EM: Where there's food for three, there's food for four too. The baby will live with us. Clare's invited too, if she wants.

M: Clare's going anywhere. And she doesn't want a child. Am I right, Clare?

Me: *(still looking down, extremely depressed, I nod)*

EM: *(getting up very angrily)* So what YOU will do with MY SON's child?!

M: None of your business. It's Clare's.

EM: Well, we will see!



She went away, slamming the door. After that encounter, EK beaten me because I didn't want "his" child. He also tried to choke me to death.

Sadly, there's no happy ending. EM knew that EK cheated on my with however was able to breath. Later than that, he managed to impregnate another girl, who gave him two kids. EM was extremely happy to be, finally, an entitled grandmother. Now they live all together (father, EM, EK, EK's brother, EK's girlfriend, son and daughter) in a 70m² apartment (750sqf).



EDIT: Because of the many comments asking about the child, I'm writing this here. I attempted suicide, they brought me to the hospital, I had an anaphylactic shock and the fetus didn't survive. Full story in the reply of one of the first comments below. 



Tl;dr: EM encouraged her son to force me to have sex with him in order to become a grandmother. When I told them I didn't want to have the child, she threatened my mother and he tried to kill me. /nI work at a hardware store as a cashier. While the company I work at as a rule doesn't allow non-service pets in the stores, the particular location I work at is right next to a Petsmart so they make exceptions (I one time saw a guy bring a Macaw and a bunny into the store, so it's literally a free-for-all). One day, I'm working at self-checkout and an older man comes in with a pit bull. It had the vest and a harness, it was clearly some kind of guide dog. This lady (EM) and her son stop to glare at the guy as he passes. She says something to the handler I didn't catch but his reply was clearly was not appreciated because she *immediately* makes eye contact with me, grabs her son by the wrist and huffs over towards me. The last thing I see before she opens her mouth is her and her son's matching Make America Great Again t-shirts, so I was truly expecting a shitshow.

EM: Do you allow pets in here?

Me: Yes, actually. (I didn't bring up the fact that the dog she was clearly complaining about was a service dog at this point because I knew it wasn't going to make a difference)

EM: Why?

Me: Because there's a pet store right next door and we get business from people who shop there.

EM: My son is afraid of dogs, that shouldn't be allowed. We should be able to shop in any stores without people carting their animals around like they're children.

Me: That dog wasn't a pet, it was a service animal.

EM: So? It's still a pet.

Me: Legally, they're not. They're considered working animals.

EM: Don't talk to me like that, I know what the hell a pet is. I don't feel safe in this store with a pit bull wandering around.

Me: I'm sorry, but even if I wanted to ban service animals, I couldn't. They're legally allowed in any place their handlers are. There's nothing anybody here can do to change that.

EM: That's unacceptable. I'm going to (insert competitor's name here) and will no longer be shopping here. Tell your manager I said that.

Me: I'll pass word along, but my managers are not going to overturn the Americans With Disabilities Act./nThese are some of the most entitled parents I have met. I am in a watch dog group where we keep an eye on anti vaxxers and what they have planned for their kids.

Twice the people I was keeping an eye on have put their kids in mortal danger.

The first refused to take her FOSTER child to the ER and his oxygen sat levels were dropping fast. He had a pre existing condition and she was the fighting the courts to let her not vaccinate him.

With some internet sleuthing I found out what county they lived in, and called the local CPS office. I told them her name, the kid’s oxygen levels, and how she had been warned before. The lady I talked to had a change in her voice, thanked me, and the call ended shortly after.

When I woke up the next morning, the woman’s fb was gone and inbox was flooded with hate messages from other anti vaxxers. My fav insult was: no wonder you’re single. (Ironically I was pursuing someone who is militant about this at the time lol.) I think the kid made it as the other watch dog members didn’t tell me he had passed.

One kid I know for sure made it. He was in the hospital, the mom was posting about how she felt bad and the staff was “being awful” to her and telling her she failed as a mother. I laid into her and got banned from that pro disease group. I was a harsh, but an innocent child was in danger.

Then rinse and repeat of what happened in the other post with the phone call. I checked the EM’s fb shortly after all this. No dead kid. I checked again more time later, kid made a full recovery. Looks like she got him treatment.

Now this one is the trigger warning.

TW death

A while ago, we had an EP posting about how she wasn’t going to do any testing to make sure her baby (while still a fetus) was okay or vaccines. This EP worked in a fucking medical field and was going full dumbass.

The baby was born and she denied the vitamin K shot. (If you are on the fence about vaccines, for the love of god at least get them the Vitamin K.) Basically babies are susceptible to brain bleeding after birth, and the Vitamin K shot helps them not die from it. The drops are nothing compared the shot.

The group was keeping an eye on her and saw she denied Vitamin K. The baby died of a brain bleed less than a month later.

We made calls for the state to investigate the death, as she had refused to do pre natal testing, checks and vitamin K.

It broke our hearts. We set out to help children who had shit parents and we failed. We have helped others, but Vitamin K Baby will always stick with us.

Edit: Gold!? Holy moly I have never gotten it before thank you.

Edit #2: So I looked up the screenshot evidence that I took of the kids and have saved.

Foster kid was a toddler (I remembered he was a toddler but wanted to clarify) and his pre existing was reactive airway disease. According to the foster mom vaccinations always made it worse after. But she was refusing to take her toddler with 88% oxygen saturation levels (dangerous) to the hospital/doctor.

Vitamin K baby I had some facts wrong. The “mother” did have some testing done which revealed Baby had cysts in the brain. Still refused the vitamin K shot but was looking at buying the drops. Doctors had to operate, and baby didn’t make it, not cause of surgery. (I need a drink and mods I have screenshots of evidence I am open to send) Confirmed again in looking at the evidence it was a brain bleed. Oral vitamin k drops don’t do shit. Mom was warned prior by OBG

Edit: changed the last edit/nA bit of context here:

&#x200B;

i was about 15 years old when this happened but during holidays outside of school, i would sometimes work in my parents office. they owned a small company and i worked in various areas such as data-entry, cleaning and sorting out showrooms for products. my parents trusted me to do the job and i became fairly close with the people who worked there (basically family).

&#x200B;

In comes the EK and his parents. EK's parents which we shall now call EP's were fairly calm and chill people from the start and were polite for the most part. However, EK was an utter shit show. he was the type of kid you would send to the ranch if he made it on Dr. phil.

&#x200B;

the encounter happened like this. during breaks or during days i wanted to just chill in the office because there was air conditioning and fast wifi, i would play on my gaming laptop which i earned by working at the office. because i wasn't there consistently i would play in the corner of the showrooms but if i had a job to do i would do it. This is when EK and his family enter the office and i come and greet them and ask if they need anything. they say no so i chill out and go back to playing minecraft. the EP's go talk to my parents while the EK walks around the showroom.

&#x200B;

At this point i believe that EK is about 8-11 years old because hes still fascinated about things like the products we have in our showroom. nothing special, just some simple toys. EK decides that he is now too old for toys about 5 minutes after staring at them and decides to walk up to me.

he comes up to my chair and just looks at my screen for like a solid 30 seconds before saying:

&#x200B;

EK: IS THAT MINECRAFT? (in an excited cancer filled squeaker voice)

Me: yes....?

i knew an incoming storm was about to occur and i was bracing myself for further questioning on the subject that is minecraft!

EK: DO YOU HAVE ANY MODS?

Me: No.. i prefer playing vanilla..

EK: I HAVE THE LUCKY BLOCKS MOD AND OVER 100 DIamonds!

Me: Cool, so you also have the game

"EK quickly rushes to his mom to get his Ipad"

Turns out he had the shitty app version. not even the real minecraft pocket edition.

EK: Can i play with you?!

Me: sorry but you need a computer to play with me. 

EK: oh Ok. Can i use yours?!

Me: oh sorry dude, i need to use this computer for work.

He then just proceeds to watch me for like another 15 minutes asking other stupid questions like what games do i have and how my laptop looks cool.

EK: IM HUNGRY!!!!!!!

Me: ok...

i paged my mom on the intercom to her room and she tells me to go get some chips and water from the pantry. so i do so, leaving my laptop unattended. by this time the EP and my parents have finished talking and where probably about to go to lunch. but i see EK struggling to take my laptop because of the power cable and mouse being connected to it. i see this and just let out a sigh

Me: What are you doing!

EK - looks at me in surprise and then proceeds to drop my laptop.

&#x200B;

rip me.

&#x200B;

EP and my parents come in and see the mess he had created and proceeds to cry to his parents about how I didn't let him play on my laptop. EP now tells my parents that i should be fired and how i had endangered their child. and as things go with entitled parent stories the EP gets shown the CCTV footage and security guards from the building come and escort them out. I salvaged the SSD from my now destroyed laptop. but in my case my parents decided to step in when they tell them to fire me. this is when the revelation happens and they shit themselves. im still holding the chips and laughing on the inside. but in the end i was reimbursed with the money i payed for the laptop along with the EP's not being able to close a deal. my parents told me that their company went bankrupt about 2 years ago so karma for spawning their crotch goblin

&#x200B;

Edit: I just woke up to 3k upvotes. I think I should go back to sleep. I could still be dreaming/nA little background: I’m a drafter for a architecture/ engineering firm. I’ve been working here for 4 years and will be leaving soon to work my dream job after graduating with my PHD in Aerospace Engineering in June. That  being said I am training one of the newer drafters to take my job come end of June.  We also have a secretary that works there who is the EM in this story.

On this day which was a Friday,  our boss allowed her to have her 4 year old child at work for the last hour of the work day.  Her babysitter had a doctors appointment and couldn’t keep him till EM got off. So she set up the other side of her desk for him, gave him a snack set out crayons and a coloring book and some toys. 

Our office is pretty laid back in that we dress casually and they have bean bags set up in the middle if we chose to do our work there. I was working on a project on one of the big couch like bean bags, with my trainee and another co worker. We had our tablets out as well as a laptop out and we were getting set to print out a 3 D model of our concept for a client. 

The kid got bored and came over near us, he grabbed at my co workers tablet and she gently but firmly told him “this is not a toy EK” 
He stomped off and the next thing I know Em is headed over a annoyed look on her face.

EM: hey guys I’m almost done with pay roll just a few more minutes so can y’all do me a huge favor and let EK help you? 

Me: help us? 

EM: -rolls eyes- yes just let him push buttons and draw a bit it won’t hurt anything 

We all stared at her until she sighed real loud and dragged  her kid to her desk 

She tried blaming us for her payroll getting done late but when we told the boss what she wanted us to do he told her that next time she can go home and do payroll from there. 

Not as satisfying ending as most on here but thought I’d post it anyway/nYes you read the title, I am a mute, and a entitled mother wanted me to apologize for not answering her question. Anyways quick key EM (entitled mom), EC (entitled child), CW (co-worker), and me (me)

The store that I work at likes to hire people with disabilities, mostly people who are mentally challenged, deaf people, however I was the only mute person, so I had mainly stocked the shelves instead of working at the kitchen or checkout. Well I was stocking some shelves and a EC and his EM were looking at the candies. EC was clearly wanting some candies. EC was tugging on his mom’s shirt and screaming for some chocolates. EM told him to ask me where the chocolates would be (note: we kept most of our chocolates in fridges so they would not melt because we were located in a insanely hot place). EC came up to me and rudely said “I want chocolates”. I did the hand single for I couldn’t speak (was stupid of me, kid probably didn’t know what I was doing), and went off to get CW who could speak. The EC got in my way and screamed “WHERE ARE CHOCOLATES”. Yet again I did the hand single I wouldn’t speak. EM ran over and smacked my hands and yelled “DONT PUT YOU GRUBBY HANDS ON MY KID”. CW ran over and calmly asked what was happening. EM said I was refused to answer her child’s question because they are black. My CW tried to explain that I was mute and that I couldn’t answer the question because I couldn’t talk. The EM said I should have told her and I should apologize. At this point I just walked away to the break room. My CW came into the room about 10 minutes later and told me the mother left. From that day forward we were required to wear badges that explain if we cannot talk or hear. /nI work for a towing company handling releases of impounded vehicles, this is the first entitled parents situation I've had and I'd love to share it.

I'm on mobile so I apologize if formatting is wrong and what not.

TL:DR @ bottom.

I will be me. 
Entitled pecker head (Kid) - EK
And mother not so dearest - EM.

We had a vehicle get impounded with some serious damage due to drunk driving, the driver of the vehicle was not the registered owner. It sat in our yard until about three days ago when we got payment and released said vehicle.

EK showed up on Monday, hoping to release said vehicle, showed up with nothing but 10$. 

What he didn't know is that since it was impounded by the police he needed a release certificate and since it had been in our yard for a month the price was definitely more then 10$... 10$ doesn't even cover the administration fee.

EK waited patiently in line waiting for me to finish with the previous customers, so I didn't expect much from him in regards to temperment/attitude. When I was done with the previous customers he came up and said he was here to get his vehicle, I pulled up the vehicle information I gave him and I realized he wasn't the registered owner and by law we can't release it to anyone who isn't the registered owner, I told him so..

The conversation that follows is..

EK - it's my car, I'm the only one that drives it so it's mine.

Me - that may be the case but you're not the registered owner and we need the registered owner to sign our paperwork.

EK - but it's my car, I want it. I can pay for it.

Me - well judging by the fact you're holding 10$ in your hand you can't in fact pay for it. 

EK - 10$ is more then enough, give me my car.

Me - the current outstanding balance owing on the vehicle is 468$ your 10$ doesn't cover that.

EK looks at me, with a state of confusion on his face and proceeds to leave, I figured that was the end of it. I was so wrong. Not even an hour later I received a call from EM the actual registered owner of the vehicle. We went through the whole "vehicle make, model and color?" 

EM - why is my son telling me 10$ won't cover the costs?

Me - that would be because the current amount owing is 468$ 

EM - how is it that much?!

Me - it's been here for over a month now, we have storage fees for vehicles impounded for drunk driving and various other things.

EM - it wasn't there for a month! And what does drunk driving have to do with any of this? 

Me - it's been here for over a month, we picked up the vehicle on February 27th, the driver of the vehicle was pulled over after hitting a telephone pole and blew over the legal limit hence why the vehicle was impounded for drunk driving. 

EM - how has my son been getting around for a month if the vehicle was there?! Huh?! Answer me that!

Me - I have no idea seeing as I don't know you or him, I do know that the vehicle has been here for over a month though seeing as I processed the paperwork when it came in. 

EM - you're lying. You're fucking lying. I'll be down there soon.

Me - okay, just so you know if you'd like the vehicle to be release you need to pick up a release certificate from any sgi issuer, thanks.

*click*

(Should add now, we have a police officer always on the property, many threats have been uttered and violence is a major thing here)

EM & EK show up with some fancy looking guy and I get the paperwork ready before they even make it through the door. 

Turns out, fancy looking guy is her lawyer haha. 

EM - this is my lawyer, he needs to see the paper work right now.

Me - okay, sounds fair. 

After what seems like forever, was probably only 15 minutes the lawyer pulls EM aside and tries to quietly tell her that there's nothing he can do. 

EM to Lawyer - you better do something or you're fucking fired. 

Lawyer to EM - I can't do anything, all the paperwork is here and maybe I could've done something at the time this all happened but it's been well over a month now and my hands are tied. 

(At this point the cop is closer to the counter, listening in, waiting for any point he has to jump in) 

EM looks at me - Why was the vehicle impounded again?

Me - hit a telephone pole, caused major damage and drunk driving.

EM looks to EK - is that the truth?

EK - no, she's lying. I'm only 16. Where would I even drink?!

EM - told you he couldn't have been drinking, lower your price and give us the car.

PO (police officer) - hello Miss. I'm just curious as to who will be towing the vehicle home?

EM - EK will be driving it home. 

PO - sorry, no. With the amount of damage done to the car it's best that it's not driven and considering EK is 16 and was caught drinking and driving, he has no lisence. 

EM - EK WASN'T DRINKING AND DRIVING! HE STILL HAS HIS LICENSE! 

PO - excuse me EK, can I see your license? 

EK - I don't have it on me. 

PO - it's okay, I'll just find you on my nifty little laptop here. 

PO proceeds to pull up EK's file and bam, no license, has to go through the whole driving course again, has a fine to pay for drinking and driving and everything, he turns his laptop so EM and lawyer can see it. 

EM without another word pays the outstanding balance on the vehicle, pays us extra money to tow it back to her house and they all leave together. 

The second that door closed though, oh boy! Judging by what I could hear through the door and what I saw on the cameras, EM is pissed that EK made her look fucking stupid and that EK would be paying her back for years over this shit, her lawyer said he wouldn't be working for her further and got in his car and left.

As they got closer to the vehicle though, EM smacked EK on the back of the head and judging by what happened next, he was left to find his own ride home seeing as she left without him.

__TL:DR__
Entitled kid gets caught drinking and driving, loses license and vehicle, entitled mom refuses to believe it till police officer shows her the truth. Pays for vehicle and leaves without another word./nSo this happened last week. On mobile, sorry for existing. 

TLDR at the end. 

Some backstory. I have a pupper. The bestest pupper. She's a doberdane. Which is a doberman Great Dane mix. I know. Super creative name. Anyway. Her name is Riggs. And my fiance's dogs' name is Murtaugh. He's a small black/brown pug. Riggs is black. Like jet black. Think super evil dog black. She's around 10 months, and already weighs 84 pounds. She'll probably tack on another 100 by the time she's grown. So she's a biggin. Being so big she doesn't walk like normal doggos. Unlike normal dogs, she doesn't walk around people. She walks through them. She just uses her weight and pushes people out of the way. Now this is important for later. One of her favorite things to do is lean all her weight on someones legs. that and sitting on Murtaugh. Dunno why. Ok enough backstory. 

Here's our cast 

Me - Commander Shepard's sexier cousin.
MI - the missus. (I see you lurking you beautiful lady you.)

NK - Whiner kid who turned out alright. 
ED - Angry dad

PO - The saltiest Sergeant there ever was. 

So me and the missus to the kids to the local doggy park. Murtaugh looking like a burnt marshmallow was running around freely. Riggs was on a leash because she's still a pup, and people find her intimidating, so it's just easier. We're walking along to the corner of the park so the kids could do their business, when I turn around to ask the missus for a doggy bag, there's a loud scream. I immediately whip around and see Riggs, tail wagging tongue flopping around. Picture perfect happy doggo. And about 15 feet away is what looks like a 10 year old kid shaking like a leaf about to cry. 

Me - hey kid you ok?
EK his voice shaking as much as him. Keep that monster away from me!
Me - Kid you're ok. She's not gonna hurt you. She's a big pushover.o I pet her head for emphasis, and she flops to the ground, and rolls over for belly rubs. 
Me - See. Nothing to be scared of. 
NK - She's not gonna attack me?
Me - Maybe with kisses, but that's the only thing you have to worry about. You wanna pet her? I'll hold her collar real tight. 
NK nods slowly and startings inching over to Riggs, whom is paying maybe 10% attention to NK. As he gets within range. Riggs starts sniffing his hand, then starts licking it. NK giggles and starts rubbing her head. 

Now Riggs is excited. She's found a new friend to extort itchins and scratchins from. So she starts leaning into the scratches. NK is struggling under the weight cause I'm pretty sure they weigh the same. Seeing as their having fun I loosen my grip on Riggs collar, and am holding the leash. Riggs takes full advantage of that and leans full on into NK, and they both go down giggling. I'm happy I helped a kid get over a fear of big dogs. Because most big dogs are super chill good boys and girls. Suddenly the happiness ends with an ear shaking HEY!

I turn around and see this mid thirties 5'10 guy stomping his way over towards us. Stopping a few inches from my face. Well neck. I'm much taller than him. The missus gets behind me, which already has me on edge. I don't like her being afraid. 

ED - Did you just let your dog attack my kid?!
Me - No they were just pla-
He interrupts me. - You should have this beast put down. Letting it attack kids like that. 
Me - Do you think I'd just stand here and let my dog maul a kid?
NK - Dad I'm fine. We were just playing. 
Me - Yeah. Your kid was scared of my dog, so I encouraged him to face his fear, and now he's got a new friend. 

Now dear readers. To a normal person that sounds very reasonable. But ED only picked up one thing. And he YELLED it. 

ED - YOU MADE MY SON GET FACE TO FACE WITH THIS VICIOUS DOG! (Meanwhile the ViCiOuS dog was whining about not being petted for a whole minute) 
The missus tugged on the back of my sleeve. 
MI - Honey let's just go.
She hated confrontation, and wanted out of this. I nodded at her letting her know I was gonna wrap this up. She nodded and went to collect Murtaugh. 

Me - Listen buddy. Your kids fine. Nothing happened, and we're leaving. You're not worth it. 
While we were talking Riggs was inching towards EK looking for some pets since she's just so horribly neglected. 
ED See's this and kicks Riggs right in the ribs hard enough to lift her front paws off the ground. She yelps loudly and falls down whimpering.

Now I'm not a people person. (The missus is helping that) I've been doing martial arts for years. It's really mellows me out. Great stress relief. So I'm usually just a big teddy bear of a man. But nobody hurts my dog. Game the fuck on. I shove ED hard away from the missus, and Riggs. Then check on her. She's shaking, and crying but she'll be ok after a vet check. I tell the missus to call the cops
Then I go full momma bear and go to confront ED.
Me - Why'd you kick my dog you pyscho?!
ED - It was trying to bite my kid, so I'm putting it down. 
Me - Your not putting down anything, and the cops are coming for you now. 
ED See's the missus on the phone and goes to take it from her. I step in front of him, and he takes a swing at me. I push it out of the way, and get him in a headlock. I choke him out then drop him face down into the grass. The cops weren't too far away, cause they got there within about 10 minutes. In that time ED had woken up, tried to hit me again, and ended up pinned down while I waited for the cops. 
The cop who arrived was this sergeant. This guy had a cigarette in his mouth, and looked like he ran out of fucks to give DECADES ago. He walks up and I let ED go, and step back. 
PO - What the fuck is happening here. ED started shouting. 
ED - This guy had his beast attack my son, so I stopped it. PO looks back at me who's checking on Riggs. 
PO - Is that what happened? 
I do my best to calmly give my side of the story, and PO is just staring us both down. He looked so done with this whole mess. He asks NK what happened. 

NK - we were playing then fell, and my dad starting yelling. Then he kicked the doggy really hard. 
The PO grunted a thank you, and stood up. 
PO - Ok you're both going to come with me for questioning. 
ED went white as a ghost, and started trying to talk his way out of it. The PO wasn't having it. 
Me - No problem, but can I load the dog into the car? She's too heavy for the missus.

He nods and lets me, then we go to the station. Were there for maybe 15 minutes before I'm let go. We press charges, and he gets arrested for battery, and animal abuse. I felt bad for NK, but the missus let him play with Murtaugh while she waited for me. His mom picked him up, and she was super nice. Apologizing profusely for her husband in a way that seems like she's not doing it for a first time. 

We took Riggs to the vet. She's ok. ED's kick had cracked a pair of her ribs. She's got some medicine, and is currently being spoiled ROTTEN and loving it. Now it's in the lawyers hands. I'll update if anything wacky happens. 

TLDR Entitled dad breaks my dogs ribs, and gets choked out then arrested for it. 

Thanks for reading my super long post.

UPDATE: some of you help this Reddit noob, so here's the kids. 

https://imgur.com/a/dPw94r5

Update 2: Holy shit platinum? That's amazing guys. Thanks so much! Totally gonna brag to the missus. She's never gotten play before. Muahahaha.

Update 3: After careful consideration. EK has been upgraded to NK for being a nice kid.

Update 4: For everyone Wondering. They're names are from lethal weapon. Also no idea what that inheritance thing is people keep asking about, so definitely not that./nFirst post here, hope you enjoy. Sorry it’s long, TL;DR at bottom.

This story takes place a while back when I was 17. Following some abdominal pain doctors discovered I had kidney stones. One of them had blocked my kidney, causing it to swell considerably, so I was taken into hospital for treatment.  I was placed on the teenage ward which was a separate bay in the paediatrics ward. 

Kidney stones are incredibly painful and at this point I’d already had two surgeries so I was extremely doped up on painkillers. My morphine was administered by IV but I also had to take tablets several times a day. 

One night a kid was bought into A&E with severe breathing difficulties. After being stabilised he was transferred to the teenage ward.  Because of the severity of his condition and his age (14 I believe) his mum (the EM) was given permission to stay overnight with him.  He was bought onto the ward at approximately 1am and put in the bed next to mine.  

The noise of his arrival woke me up and my body realised it hadn’t had any painkillers for several hours.  I tried to find my call button but could barely move due to the pain and managed to knock if off my bed instead.  So I started moaning in pain trying to find it.  The EM flings open the curtain between the two beds and stares at me. I ask her to call the nurse for me but she just stands there glaring at me.  I finally get hold of my call button and the nurse comes over.  Before I can get a word out the EM starts complaining to the nurse at full volume that I’m making too much noise, I’m disturbing her precious angels sleep, that at 17 I should be able to ‘deal with the pain’ etc etc.  I’m in tears from the pain by this point and the other kids are waking up from the noise she’s making so the sister (head nurse) politely tells her to shut up.  I’m given another dose of painkillers and manage to doze off again and all is well for a few hours.

Come morning my doctor comes to check on me as part of his rounds (I had a renal specialist as well as the general paediatric doctor).  The EM corners him before he can reach me and starts lecturing him about how I’m clearly a disturbance and he needs to sort me out. My doctor luckily is amazing and firmly but politely tells her to take a hike.

A few hours later I’m given several of my tablets to take and the EM blows a fuse. She goes over to the sister again and starts complaining that I’m clearly a drug addict who’s faking it for painkillers.  She starts demanding that I be transferred to an adult ward as I’m a ‘bad influence’ to the other children.  The head doctor over hears this and is completely baffled. He points out that the medicine I’m taking is all prescribed and I’m doing nothing to disturb the other children as I’m spending all day curled up in bed watching tv.  EM changes tactics and starts complaining that the shows I’m watching are sinful and a 14 year old boy shouldn’t be next to a 17 year old girl.  I turn my tv screen round to reveal I’m binge watching Disney movies and the EM goes bright red. 

Doesn’t stop there though as she starts demanding her ‘darling boy’ be put into a side room for peace and quiet as the other children are too noisy.  The doctor declines this request as side rooms are reserved for critically ill children and her son has now stabilised and is in fact one of the ones running around the ward disturbing others.

My mum came in to visit me just after this and the EM attempts a new tactic by first telling my mum that the doctors are overdosing me and I should be taken off the morphine, and then telling my mum I’d be ‘happier’ on an adult ward instead of around little children.  My mum tells her to get lost (a lot less politely then the doctors did!).

Luckily the EMs request to stay the second night was declined as her son was stable and he ended up being discharged the next day.  I still have no idea why she hated me so much!

TL;DR - EM claims I’m a drug addict, faking kidney stones in order to get painkillers and disturbing her son with my moaning. Tries to get my morphine stopped and me kicked off the ward./nThis might be a little sad post, don't know if it is or not, mobile and blah blah blah.

EM-Our not anymore entitled not anymore anti-vaxxer mom

SF-sister's friend (Child of the EM) who dies

Our older neighbors rent had expired recently and this play being in a school district of the best school in the county. Got a new neighbor quick, and that became Ms. Anti-Vaxx. She was really nice at first but when I told her my sister couldn't come over to play with SF because she is getting to Flu vaccine. She questioned me and kept trying to make me change my mind (even though my parents controlled it whether or not). But It didn't work and she kept asking me why I was poisoning her. I wasn't and due to this she didn't want anything to due with me until later.

Fast forward a few months and the child got a disease (forgot sorry) and the mother was devastated and asked the doctor how this could have stopped he replied "Sorry ma'am, you should have vaccinated your child". Then she realised that vaccines weren't autisim or poison, it was medical help. A week after I found out the child had died. And the worst part. I found him very talented and nice child, even though he was 3, he could draw well, he knew manners, and he would apologise a lit and make it up by drawing you his "best picture ever". It wasn't his best, but still good for his age, he was a good friend to my sister. And then the mother realised who she had lost, and stopped acting entitled, she couldn't have a child anymore, although she got a new husband, she couldn't. And she frankly became more nice and less entitled. Became a vaxxer, and you know, ended in a good ending.

Always Vaccinate your children people./nI’ve been thinking for a while which of my entitled mother stories to post. You see this em is my mother. Throughout my childhood and into my teens I thought her entitled ways were normal but I’m now realising her ways are VERY wrong and negative. 

Anyways important note for the story. I’m in the uk and our clothes sizes are very different to the USA. I’m doing this on mobile so feel free to roast my format and any  grammar problems. 

Cast: me: a very nerdy unicorn EM: my entitled mother 

Last Christmas a friend of mine bought me a top from an American T-shirt company. I loved the top and so decided a few months later (around March ish) to order myself four more. 

The four tops arrived a week or two later. I was so excited and decided to show my mother (em) one of the tops to show. The following conversation happens:

Em: wow I love that top! It looks amazing! *she complements it for a few minutes*

Me: yeah! I love the design! Plus it’s a great size for a medium (note in the uk I’m generally a large/extra large due to my height. Also yes I prefer men’s clothes over women’s)

Em: *stops and looks at me coldly* what?! A medium?!?

Me: yes? Remember in America they have different size standards....

Em: *looks disgusted like I’ve told her someone she loves is dead* are you serious? You wasted your money on horrible tops that are way too small and show off your fat! (In reality I’m not fat, just got a roll so nothing close to call fat)

Me: *I’m in shock over the change* b-but you just said?....

Em: guess you can wear them round the house. Don’t try to be so confident next time. Not even in your wildest dreams could you ever get into any medium! 

She carries on complaining about my fat, figure and the tops. Eventually I felt terrible to slinked off and took the top off. Sadly there’s no good ending here. Since she’s always been a spoiled kid I learned to live with it. I never had great self esteem. 

Hope you enjoyed this and let me know if you want anymore stories of my mother dearest

EDIT: I’m honestly so grateful for the positive feed back and support. I am actually moving out from her in a few days. She’s definitely not happy about it.

EDIT: thank you for the silver award! I wasn’t expecting so many to react to it!/nBig lurker, phone. Bla, bla, bla. You get the point. 

Cast : 
EM - Entitled Mother
AM - Awesome Mom

Backstory : 
So, I was walking back from High School while I was watching a video on how BS Jake Paul is (about February) These two children started running to a Black Corsa. They said something, I was too focused on the video to hear, and it was a distance away. I walked up front, going to my house. When EM comes up to me and blabbers

EM - "My children don't like what you are watching, please turn it off, actually, give it to me!" 

Me - "No, fuck off." (I am vulgar and dont know how to win an argument, so I often said vulgar language)

EM - "How dare you! Don't swear in front of my children." 

Me - "If you have a problem, shove it up my ass."

EM - "I know where you live."

I ignored it and kept walking, the EM found my house, walked to it. Knocked on the door.

AM - Hello? I don't know you.

EM - Your son swore at my children! Punish him now!

AM - Sure, I will do (Sarcastic) 

AM slams the door in her face. She tells me to explain what I did. I told her. We ignored it, time skip a few weeks
I saw EM and her kids, I recorded. She drove off as fast as she could! And then when I was at school. I was called into the Alpha Center, to a basically a helping assistant, she told me what that person called me for. She said, "you were taking pictures of people at ______ primary" which wasn't true. I let her look at my phone, she determined, okay. We'll let the school know. (at the time of the first incident, I was wearing a jumper with the school logo, so she called the school, this is mostly likely the case.) I was pissed. It was time for your justiceboner right? No. I am still looking for the house so I can report it to the police, I have videos of both of licence plates of the car, I will search them up and will share results.

TL;DR : Watch a video of a criticism video of a famous person and get an EM on your door step./nYou all know the names, this is for the people who don’t.
EM = Entitled Mother
EK = Entitled Kid
M = Me
MM = My Mother

So last year during my birthday I went to Walmart to go buy a PS4 for myself and as soon as I bought it I went home, turns out some family friends were coming over and I didn’t want them to touch it so I hid it in my closet.
The family friends came, EK came directly to my room and started to touch my stuff, he opened my closet and guess what! He saw my PS4, he wanted to play and the convo went like this.

EK: Can I play on your PS4?

M: Sure, let me set it up first, I got it today.

EK: Okay.

The kid seemed nice so that’s why I set it up.

M: Okay, it’s done!

I installed Brawlhalla and we played a few matches and that’s when he said he needed to go to the bathroom. He ‘went’ to the bathroom and came back with his mom.

EM: Could EK have your PS4, he says it’s fun to play on and he just got a math award in school so I want to give him a gift.

M: No, sorry, I just got it today and it’s my birthday present (I wouldn’t have given it either way).

EM: Give it to me! (Realizes I won’t budge and then says) Please... I don’t have a lot of money and I don’t want my son to cry.

M: No, it’s mine. You can not have it.

EM: WHAT THE HELL?! I ALREADY TOLD YOU, MY SON WON AN AWARD AND I DON’T HAVE THE MONEY TO GIVE HIM A PRESENT!

M: Why do you think you can just take my stuff? Get out of my room!

EM leaves with EK... my mom comes back and we say...

MM: Why did you scream at our guests!

M: They tried to take my PS4...

My mom rushes downstairs and I hear her screaming at the guests.
I haven’t seen those guests since...



Edit: 100 Upvotes! Most upvotes I’ve ever gotten!
2nd Edit: 1.4K UPVOTES!
3rd edit: 3K UPVOTES! :D/n 

IC's story related to this one[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b6vd84/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin/)

the time when EK tried to fuck me[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbn0tj/ed\_let\_ek\_watch\_you\_naked\_she\_wont\_do\_anything/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbn0tj/ed_let_ek_watch_you_naked_she_wont_do_anything/)

part 1[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed\_you\_must\_marry\_ek\_because\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b9s4ru/ed_you_must_marry_ek_because_no_one_else_is/)

part 2[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep\_you\_have\_to\_get\_married\_to\_your\_cousin\_because/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bagvpr/ep_you_have_to_get_married_to_your_cousin_because/)

part 3[https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbbon6/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_ek\_coz\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bbbon6/ed_you_have_to_marry_ek_coz_no_one_else_is/)

part4 [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bcyd2n/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_your\_cousin\_coz\_no\_one\_else/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bcyd2n/ed_you_have_to_marry_your_cousin_coz_no_one_else/)

&#x200B;

part 5  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bdmh95/ed\_you\_have\_to\_marry\_ek\_coz\_no\_one\_else\_is/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bdmh95/ed_you_have_to_marry_ek_coz_no_one_else_is/) 

&#x200B;

So alot has happened over this week. I managed to almost complete my assignment(writing the last few pages), the revenge that just finished today and to top it off i got a my first job interview.

&#x200B;

so on tuesday i borrowed 3 of my friend's phones (HE HAS LIKE 4 PHONES, HE LET ME BORROW THEM). I bough 3 cheap sim cards saved ED's number in one, EM's number in one and EK's number in another. i created 3 whatsapp accounts   
 and 

for Em's phone I put this pic   [https://www.google.com/search?q=chris+hemsworth&safe=strict&rlz=1C1CHBF\_enGB822GB822&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiHrOKg1dzhAhXNUBUIHau5C0UQ\_AUIDigB&biw=1366&bih=625#imgrc=xQeR4e74tHsPZM:](https://www.google.com/search?q=chris+hemsworth&safe=strict&rlz=1C1CHBF_enGB822GB822&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiHrOKg1dzhAhXNUBUIHau5C0UQ_AUIDigB&biw=1366&bih=625#imgrc=xQeR4e74tHsPZM:)  

for EK's i put this pic [https://www.google.com/search?q=Chris+Evans&safe=strict&rlz=1C1CHBF\_enGB822GB822&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgFuLUz9U3MMnKK8xSAjNNLYpNTLT4AlKLivPzgjNTUssTK4sXsXI7ZxRlFiu4liXmFQMAK0JEPjYAAAA&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiP09jS1dzhAhUKRhUIHc0yBacQ\_AUIDygC&biw=1366&bih=625#imgrc=9acZ7Yq530e4tM:](https://www.google.com/search?q=Chris+Evans&safe=strict&rlz=1C1CHBF_enGB822GB822&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgFuLUz9U3MMnKK8xSAjNNLYpNTLT4AlKLivPzgjNTUssTK4sXsXI7ZxRlFiu4liXmFQMAK0JEPjYAAAA&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiP09jS1dzhAhUKRhUIHc0yBacQ_AUIDygC&biw=1366&bih=625#imgrc=9acZ7Yq530e4tM:) 

&#x200B;

and for ED's i put this pic [https://www.google.com/search?q=kate+upton&tbm=isch&chips=q:kate+upton,g\_1:wallpaper:I\_EG2K4qseE%3D&client=ms-android-samsung&prmd=ivn&hl=en&ved=2ahUKEwj37YGP1tzhAhVB4BoKHajpA6oQ4lZ6BAgBEBo&biw=412&bih=350#imgrc=UdroVS4L9EdiwM](https://www.google.com/search?q=kate+upton&tbm=isch&chips=q:kate+upton,g_1:wallpaper:I_EG2K4qseE%3D&client=ms-android-samsung&prmd=ivn&hl=en&ved=2ahUKEwj37YGP1tzhAhVB4BoKHajpA6oQ4lZ6BAgBEBo&biw=412&bih=350#imgrc=UdroVS4L9EdiwM)

&#x200B;

BTW they don't know about the people in the pics that i put up. They lived in the village all their lives and thus have never seen these people

I then started sending them pictures and other stuff. I began with hi and hello and some small talk before using flirting with them using the different phones. During all this ED kept on calling me on my normal number and continued to bug me. I began sending them pictures of the people in the display pic and more, I even sent them a porno. I continued this for a like 2 days before i sent this message

&#x200B;

me (using talking to EM with the secondary phone)- live your husband and come live with me, i have a lot of money

EM: yeaahhh, i would love to.

me((using talking to EM with the secondary phone)- great send me £2000 by tomorrow morning

EM: I'll do anything

&#x200B;

I did the same with ED and EK.

Now, to say that they were desperate would be a big understatement. That same night i got a call n my main phone from ED

&#x200B;

ED: WE need money

me: for 

ED: GIVE IT WE JUST NEED IT

i didn't block him coz I needed his number on my main phone for this thing to work out.

&#x200B;

EM and EK did the same thing, EK tried sending nudes.  I continued to "flirt with them". eventually on friday i decide to tell my mum about the revenge. she laughed and told me to continue

&#x200B;

Today I found out that EM caught ED texting "someone" (me) and she saw the display pic and freaked out. ED saw her phone and also freaked. They got in a fight and I think they divorced coz EM thought ED was cheating and vice versa. 

Just now I got a call from IC saying that EM went back to her mum's village, ED and EK have been outcasted and IC has been taken by my nice uncles. I texted EM and ED using my secondary number and told them That they are too poor and that they are both ugly as fuck. I told EK that she will never get married and blocked them on the secondary numbers before deleting the accounts and taking screenshots of all of the chats. I sent EM's and ED's to their parents and they were livid

&#x200B;

My just got a call from EM's mum saying that she is sorry for what EM's did and i got a call from ED'S dad apologising on behalf of ED. 

&#x200B;

Like I said I will destroy them, and so I did. 

BTW IC is now in good hands, despite being like away from EF for like 12 hours she has already 2 marriage proposals from really respectable families. I hope they treat her well/nSooo,
This happened back in high school, I had just come out as Bi and my best friend said she was too so, after weeks of talking about it, decided to date but take things slow as it was our first non-hetro relationships.
Needless to say, as with most highscool relationships, it didn’t work out and we agreed mutually to break up.

At this time I’d also come out to my very conservative parents who were just getting back to talking to me when my mum got a phone call and left the house to take it outside. (This she NEVER does)

She popped her head in a few minutes later.
M: did you date (...)?
Me: Yeah, but we agreed it wasn’t working out.
She then sat opposite and snapped at me that her mother was furious and that “Your daughter forced mine to be with her, (...) told me so! SHES MAKING MY DAUGHTER GAY!”

This led to a very long meeting with my head of year at school.
She apparently reported me for sexual assault (we never went that far) and harassment and wanted me expelled.

Fortunately, 
My head of year is a LESBIAN! She brushed off EP’s concerns with a “they’re teenage girls, they’ll fall out and make up. “

Sorry for the lack of speech, to this day I wish I’d heard what was said on that phone 😫


Edit: Thanks for the Gold :3/nYou may be surprised by how many EP story I post, but in my town there’s a lot of them. 


This weekend my dad and sister were in Houston, and my mom and I decided to see “Shazam!”. Just letting you know, great movie, I’d give it a 8 or 9 out of 10. 



Anyways, we get seated in the back middle, when I see the ED and EK walk in. EK looked to be around 6 or 7, strange because this movie is pg13. Anyways, they sit right in front of us, and the theater was practically empty, because we were seeing the morning time. As they sit in front, the dad takes out a large fedora and lays it on his head lightly, clearly trying to obstruct my view (it sat really high up on his head, in a normal theatre it would of blocked my views, and the seats reclined so he lowered a little bit). However the seats were higher than each other, so he didn’t block me at all. Then his kid sits down next to him, and I catch a wif of some of the worst body odor I have smelt. 



I can tell this dad is a bad person, trying to block a movie, takes young child to movie with swearing, and doesn’t bathe child. Great. 



Detective pikachu played during the previews, and the EK started shouting 



Ek: OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CUTE YELLOW BUNNY



As the movie starts, the child talked the entire time. Commented on everything, asked questions, and every time someone was killed he shouted “YAAAAAAAAAAAY”. So many people complained. 


I tap the dad on the shoulder and ask him to shush his child. 



Me: can you please shush your—



ED: SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!



So this wasn’t good. Our theatre has a button to press to bring you food. I got a pizza and it covered up the smell of BO. Kind of. 



The Ek starts throwing his popcorn at people in front. Many people kept pressing buttons to summon staff, and the staff just kept shushing the child, and he would behave until they left. 



Halfway through the movie my allergies started acting up. You know, the kinds where your throat gets clogged up with phlegm. I clear my throat once and the dad flips out. He stands up.



ED: Can you shut, THE FUCK UP!



Me: Can you sit, THE FUCK DOWN



Ed turns around and stands for awhile, so I can’t see. Finally the movie theatre owner walks in. He’s going to be called O. 



O: Please leave. I’ve been getting countless complaints from you. 



ED: No, it’s this mothetfycker who is bothering everyone. RIGHT?



Everyone shouts no.



O: let me rephrase. Get. The. Fuck. Out. 



ED then drags a now screaming EK out of the theatre. At this point there’s like 10m of movie left. I look over at my mother, and we both smile. 



We walk out and my mom had to use the bathroom. Waiting outside, ED walls over to me dragging a crying ek. 



ED: THANKS A LOT SHITHEAD. 



Me: I didn’t do any—



ED: IVE BEEN TRYING TO SCHEDULE A MOVIE FOR AGES! YOU OWE ME!



Me: No thanks I already ate. (I was ignoring what he said)



Ed: WTF SAY SORRY AND PAY ME $100 FOR THE MOVIE TICKETS YOU MADE ME WASTE. (It was not 100, probably 15 bucks for both their tickets.)



Me: Ok I admit. I don’t like chocolate!



ED Starts shouting at me for the next minute and I just give him bs answers. He rants on how I, a 15 yo, was disrespecting their elders. I hold up a bag of chips and start talking into them like a phone. 



Me: hello? Uncle Fina? Yea hi I missed you so much!  



ED: THATS NOT EVEN A PHONE YOU FUCKER!



I put the chips down. 



Me; Excuse me I’m talking to my Uncle Fina. 



Finally my mother comes out and we speedwalk away, and ED follows us, but then ek trips on something and ED stays with him. 



So apparently the owner and ED are good friends, that’s why he didn’t come in for awhile. 



Tl;Dr


Ed’s child talks entire movie, I ask him to stop, he gets kicked out, and he yells at me. 


Moral of the story: Elbows are not made of horse radish.




Edit: it’s an expensive movie theatre called moviehouse & eatery, so you have to reserve your seats./nCast is pretty simple just replace me with N for neighbor

A little bit of backstory: this happened around may and i live next to a married couple where the wife has a garden which from what I've heard she's had for years. You might think it just a few pretty blossoms and bushes but nope. Her entire front left side of her yard and front yard (those patches of dirt you'd see next to the stairs leading to the door) was covered on various plants, flowers and shrubs of all different sizes, shapes, colors etc.

Enter our ek's both male with the oldest being 11 and the youngest 9. These two live across the street on the right from us and had a nasty habit of crossing the street to pick N's flowers with amazing skill, making bouquets for various reasons like special occasions, events and sometimes just to make mama happy. The worst part is that EM would tell them to do it. N has repeated told the two to stop to the point where she went over to talk to their mother about it. From what I've heard it didn't go well. Apparently EM didn't want to buy bouquets at the story because "they were too expensive and the drive is just a waste of gas" plus "it's not fair. You have all of those flowers and you won't share? How greedy."

She would call the cops but she knew they'd just give her a warning or take EM's side since around here the cops are pretty easy to lie to. Instead she decided to take matters into her own hands. A week later when I left with my brother for vacation from the house I found thorny bushes scattered around her gardens mostly in areas that made it extremely difficult to get through without getting pricked or cut a few hundred times. I found out she planted Firethorns, blackthorn and my favorite creeping juniper bushes. when I asked she said simply "I wish them good luck".

Not even a week later I hear banging on the neighbor's door. Looking out the window I see the  EM fuming in rage while her kids were next to her equally upset, some even had bandages on their arm, leg or face. She looked less of a karen and more of a semi fat soccer mom with quite a bit of cash to her name. Haircut wasn't the "being me your manager" but instead the "my son owns insert random unrelated company that isn't even that serious"

N: may I he-

Em cuts her off: HOW DARE YOU HURT MY CHILDREN.

N: explain to me how i hurt your children? I did nothing wrong

EM: nothing wrong? NOTHING WRONG LOOK!!
Presenting her kids to her, full of bandages, very upset and possibly on the verge of crying

N: let me guess. Hurt while playing?

EM: NO!! YOUR DEATH GARDEN DID THIS. MY KIDS ARE SCARED OF YOUR YARD BECAUSE THOSE PLANTS WERE HURTING THEM. DO YOU NOW HOW MUCH MONEY IT COSTS TO BUY THEM NEE CLOTHES BECAUSE THEIR STUFF IS GETTING RIPPED AND TORN FROM THE THORNS

N: well why were they in my garden in the first place? If they stayed away and stopped picking at my yard this wouldn't have happened and you wouldn't be yelling like you have no brain I don't of me right now. I planted them because I thought they were beautiful. Not only that but burglary exists everywhere so it's perfect protection

After a little bit back and forth the em leaves but not without the threat of sueing her and demanding the thorny bushes be taken away. Luckily the kids stopped picking at her yard while EM gave death glares N's way when ever the opportunity shows.

I'll update of anything happens/nNow, this is one of the more interesting stories I've posted, as I never met the EP in person. But who cares, let's go.

One day, I was browsing through reddit. The usual stuff, commenting, posting, etc.

Eventually, I found a fairly interesting comment (I'm not going to mention what it was for obvious reasons). Intrigued, I deigned to upvote but posted a reply demonstrating my interest. That is the start of the nightmare.

Couple of minutes later, I receive a message from the person who posted the comment. 'Hi, saw u likd my coment. Its gud rite?'

Uh... I replied.

'Yeah, pretty interesting...'

'So, you mind if u giv me gold?'

Firstly, I was shocked that people actually just ask for Gold like that. Secondly, I can't. I have no reddit coins.

So I replied: 'Srry I cant.'

Life goes on like normal for another five minutes, then I kid you not, this happens.

'Hi, I'm u/(username)'s parent. I saw you replied to a comment he made?'

Me: 'Uhh yeah'

EP: 'So why don't you give it gold? It's his birthday today and it will make him feel happy.'

I refused, though citing a reason this time. 'I have no reddit coins, I can't give your son gold.'

EP: 'So buy some!'

I kid you not.

Me: 'So... you're asking me to waste money on your son'

EP: 'No! It won't be wasting money! Just make his day!'

Me: 'No.'

EP: 'You selfish asshole. You make my child cry.'

I didn't want to stay much longer. I deleted the messages. Every time he sent me one, I would proceed to delete it.

And... that's the end. ***Until...***

Another account popped up and asked me to give the other guy Gold. I surmised it was the parent's.

I deleted her messages too. EP, if you're reading this, now you know why I don't respond to you.

(Thank you reddit for including the 'delete' function)

And, that's my EP story. Man, that EP was insane. Basically 'give my son money'.

But whatever. At least I got to post the story on r/entitledparents.

EDIT: OMG, GOLD? Thank you so much, whoever gave it to me! (Now, I can give a Silver... but definitely not to your kid, EP, if you’re reading this)

EDIT 2: EP, please don’t come bitching after me saying now I can give your son Gold. If you still think (after reading all this) that I’m willing to help you, you have some problem.
To everyone else: THANK YOU SO MUCH! This thing has absolutely blown up, it’s insane. Now I can give Gold (but not to your damn kid EP, if you haven’t gotten the hint)/nSo, you all know how this works. I am a teenage girl, and was fourteen at the time of this story.

I go to a "fun session" at the local pool very often, it's basically a public swim with an inflatable thingy at the back of the deep end for people to play on. The changing rooms are two separate rooms, one for men and women. There's a small section for showers, and the rest are cubicles with curtains instead of doors for changing in (after getting changed it's required that you leave the curtain open, so that people know it's vacant). Often there are young boys in the women's changing rooms because mothers can't go into the men's with their sons but under thirteens can't go alone. 

One particularly busy day, my mother and I were changing on completely different sides of the room, and I was just about to take of my shirt when a hand grabs my curtain and attempts to pull it open. I yelp slightly and grab the curtain, pulling it back to see who was doing this. A kid who looked like he was old enough to be alone in the men's, but younger than me, was there. I frown, as I worry about being watched while getting changed a little too much (reading story's about cameras and double sided mirrors in dressing rooms at stores, etc.) and say in a fairly loud and stern voice, "If the curtain is closed it's being used. I'm changing here, don't try to come in," before semi-violently closing the curtain. I was in my bra and leggings when I notice a hand closer to the bottom of the curtain (in hindsight he was probably doing this to seem less noticeable). I jump down and grab the EK's hand, pushing him away while trying to hide the fact I was in my bra by using my other hand to hold the curtain. Now extremely frustrated, I yell "GO AWAY, I'M IN HERE!". After a second or two, I grab my towel and cover up, waiting for the kid to try again. After a couple minutes, I decide that it's stupid to waste my time and continue to change, surprisingly enough uninterrupted by the EK. 

I walked out in my swimsuit and sat on a small waiting bench near the door to the pool, as this particular place waited until most people had finished changing to let us in. After a while, EK and his mom come over in swimsuits, sitting down next to me. I felt uncomfortable, sure, but EP was in between him and I so not much could happen, right? Well, no, because while I was watching the curtain of my mom's cubicle for her to come out, I feel a hand on my chest. I slap it away and this is what follows:

ME: What the hell do you think you're doing, you creep?!

EP: Excuse me, what did you just call my son?

ME: He was trying to open my curtain when I was changing earlier, and you can't tell me you didn't see him lean across you to grab my chest just now. The least he deserves is to be called a damn creep!

EP: He was just playing around, he's a little kid! How dare you try to discipline him!!

ME: A little kid? He looks like he could be using the men's by now! How old is he?

EP: He's thirteen, not like I need to explain that to you. Or do I, considering how stupid and dramatic you're acting?

ME: If he's thirteen then he should be in the men's. Besides, I'm fourteen and I know how to respect people. He should too!

EP: I'm his mother, I know better than you that he cannot be alone in the men's changing rooms. \[turning to her son\] Did you try and open her curtain or touch her, sweetie?

EK: No, ew!

EP: \[back to me\] See? Stop lying for attention.

ME: \[yelling now\] You've got to be kidding me, you SAT THERE while he LEANED OVER YOU to TOUCH MY CHEST. 

At this point my mom was walking over, confused.

EP: \[also yelling\] HOW DARE YOU YELL AT ME? I AM AN ADULT WOMAN, YOU SHOULD RESPECT YOUR ELDERS. HAVEN'T YOUR PARENTS OR TEACHERS TOLD YOU THIS YET?

ME: WELL MAYBE YOU OR YOUR KIDS TEACHERS SHOULD TELL HIM NOT TO TRY AND GRAB MY TITS!

Now my mom was here, and very angry.

MM: \[directly to EP\] Is this true?

EP: Oh, you're her mother. Well teach her some manners! She's got a crush on my son and is pretending that he was touching her!

MM: I know one hundred percent that's a lie, my daughter has a boyfriend so there's no way she could like him. Not to mention, she's not some kind of pathological liar, unlike you. I hate to break it to you, but he's not some kind of perfect little angel. 

EP: UGH HOW DARE YOU!! \[continues into tangent about parenting and her perfect son\]

My mother motioned for me to follow her and we left the changing rooms and asked the receptionist for some help. They both got kicked out and had some kind of ban applied to the both of them. I'm not sure if it was permanent or not, but nothing special happened apart from that. I wish I'd called the police about it or something, but then again, he was just a thirteen y/o so I don't know if much could've been done about it./nI was sitting in the Dentist Waiting Room with my Mum. Another mother and her son were sitting across from us and I notice that they're both eyeing my DS Lite I was playing. My Mum gets up to go to the bathroom and I notice that the other mother had a glint in her eye when my own mother left. As soon as Mum is gone, the other mother encourages her son (lets call him Timmy) to go up and stand in front of me. 

Me: What?

Other Mother: Give him your computer game. He's been waiting for it.

Me: What? No. I bought this!

Other Mother: Don't lie to me, what teenage girl buys a baby's toy? Timmy deserves it more than you. Give it to him!

At this moment, I pack my DS back into my handbag and Timmy starts trying to take my bag from me. Other Mother has no problem with this.

Thankfully, my own Mum came back, Timmy trying to rob me and tells off Other Mother for not controlling her kid. 

Edit: This was around 2013 when DS Lites were considered old consoles and not worth a lot of money.

Edit Edit: A lot of people are commenting r/thathappened. So I'll comment r/nothingeverhappens

Edit Edit Edit: Again, this happened in 2013. The reason this story sounds fabricated is because I can't remember exactly what the mothet said.

&#x200B;/nThis is not my story, but it's from my place of origin (Utah) so I'll share it.

&#x200B;

A few years ago, an 18 year old girl gave her baby son up for adoption as her partner died in his sleep and she couldn't afford to raise her son alone. She made a video that he could watch when he's older.

&#x200B;

The video was hard to watch, and it must've been hard for her to make, as she was crying as she talked to him.

&#x200B;

I felt bad for her too, as this must've been a very hard decision for her to make. But apparently there are mombies and daddicts who are willing to be an ass to her for it.

&#x200B;

Many called her a "quitter", "selfish", "weak", or saying shit like "she shouldn't have had sex blah blah blah" and other types of slut-shaming.

&#x200B;

Some obvious Karens bragged about how they never gave up their kids when they were her age, shoving the "if I can do it you can" bullshit down her throat. For fuck's sake, Karen, not everyone can handles every situation the same way.

&#x200B;

I bet those people also shame single parents who struggle to have food on the table. You can't win with these bastards who slut-shamed her. Don't have kids, you're selfish, get an abortion, you're selfish, put it up for adoption, you're selfish, actually try to raise it, you're selfish.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: An 18 year old girl gives up her son for adoption due to her significant other's death and entitled moos and duhs slut-shame her.

&#x200B;

Moral of the story: As long as it's not hurting anyone, don't be an asshole to someone who was in the same situation as you but handled it differently.

&#x200B;

Edit: Holy crap, silver! Thank you, whoever that was!

Edit2: Wow, gold!/nHello, I just happen to have this happen a few days ago to me with an Entitled Mother. Excuses the format as it is on a mobile and I suck at English even though it is my first language etc etc.

Cast: EM- Entitled Mother, EK- Entitled Kid, Me- Me, SE- Store Employee

So my girlfriend and I are thrift store hunters and flea market hunters. Every weekend we go to flea markets and thrift stores to find deals and stuff. So on this day we are at a thrift store and I am looking at the music CDs. I typically look for old electronics, movies and video games. I look in the music CDs because you can find old Video games mixed in with the CD due to jewel cases. I see a young boy, less than 10 years old. Looking at the CDs, pulling them out, looking at them and dropping them on the floor. A few CDs start to pop out of their cases. He has one CD in his hands, a computer game with a picture of a cat on it (don’t remember the game). At this point the kid is walking away from the CDs, leaving it a mess. I get down and start putting them away. One of the items I find in the mess  is in a cardboard paper case with a CD in it. It is for the Dreamcast and it is the web browser 3.0.

For people who don’t know, the Sega Dreamcast was Sega’s last video game system. It had a 56k modem attached to it so you could go online. This system came out in 1999 and was one of the first game systems that went online. Near the end of the systems life, it also got an upgrade to a Broadband Adapter (which are extremely rare and can easily go for 100 dollars ). Sega also released a web browser for the system. This was 3.0 the last web browser released and the only one that supports the broadband adapter. These are super hard to find as there weren’t many produced. They aren’t worth much because not many people would want this but they are very hard to find. Even eBay rarely sells it.

I say to myself “a rare game” and I am using the term game loosely as it is mainly just to browse the web in 2001 format. I must have said it out loud because the kid heard me and said “That is my game, you stole it from me.” I look around and find out that he was addressing me.

Me: I am sorry, but you dropped this after pulling it out along with the others here. 

EK: Well, I was going to buy them all and you took the game from me.

Me: Sorry but you put them on the floor and walked away not even cleaning them up.

The kid ran away and I thought that was the last of him. I put away the rest of the CDs (I hate how employees would have to clean this up plus I wanted to look at them anyway in case I found something else). When a woman, the typical Karen type comes up to me with the kid.

EM: You shouldn’t steal that game from my kid.

Me: What? I am sorry but I pick this CD up when your kid put it back.

EM: My kid told me you took this out of his hand and said that you stole that rare game from him.

At this point the kid is lying so I tell her the truth about the CD

Me: I am sorry but I took the game after your son dropped it on the floor. The CD isn't really a game, it is a web browser from the 2000s for an old game system.

EM: Don't accuse my son of making a mess. He would never do that. He puts everything back where they belong. You can't take his game, that is worth thousands of dollars.

I think to myself, this is not going to end well and the item is only worth 50 dollars at best.

Me: Well, whatever you say. I don't care.

I start to walk away from her as I didn't want to deal with it anymore and leave when she starts to pull on my arm.

EM: I am not done with you yet.

At this point, she has crossed the line. She looks to be average size but I am tall and big. I pushed her away from me and hit her in the chest by mistake trying to get away from her. This causes her to be pushed back and fall into the clothes behind us. This knocks the clothing rack down and hit at least 4 other racks. Everyone in the store turns to us when she starts yelling "He assaulted me."

I turn to my left and see a store employee next to me.

SE: Ma'am, you need to leave now before I call security.

EM: No, he assaulted me. I want him arrested.

SE: Ma'am, I saw the whole thing and have cameras to prove it. Leave before anything else happens.

EM: I want to speak to your manager.

SE: I am the manager. Now leave.

She was still fighting with the employee who I found out just now was the manager. Another store employee called security during this time. Security took them out. The manager told me that she and her son were infamous around the store and now had reason to ban her from the property and the other thrift store chain. In the end, I still got my "game" after paying for it.

Edit: Fixed spelling and erased half of it by mistake. Should be fixed./nDisclaimer: I'm writing this on a computer and English is my first language, so if I fuck up, it's entirely my fault.

So, I enjoy fountain pens. And my grandfather had a really nice pen collection. So, when he passed away, I inherited the entire collection, because he knew I wouldn't just pawn it. I don't really need the money, because I have a job at a machine shop.

EM and EK had other plans. 

Characters (Names changed for privacy reasons)

EM: Lady who had to pick up a batch of parts at the shop, and brought her crotch fruit with her, because why not?

EK: Little kid (About 7, I think) who really liked my pen.

Me: Montblanc Enthusiast

Doug: Other guy on shift with me, an ex-convict who learned his trade in the prison machine shop. He's still built like a brick wall though.

Now, for the story. EM walks in with EK.

"I need to pick up parts for \*\*\*\*"

"Alright, please wait here while I grab the parts and the invoice. DOUG, CAN YOU GRAB THE ORDER?"

I go to grab the invoice

"Here, I need you to sign here and here"

"Oh, sorry. I don't have a pen with me"

"You can use mine."

I pull out the pen in question: A Pilot Vanishing Point. Big mistake. [The pen in question, if you want to know](https://www.gouletpens.com/collections/showstopper-pens/products/pilot-vanishing-point-fountain-pen-raden-stripe?variant=11884889833515). (I know, stupid of me to not have a cheap pen for signing stuff)

"Mommy, that pen is really sparkly. Can I have it?"

"That's a beautiful pen, can my son have it?"

"Sorry, no. It's a really special pen to me."

"It's just a pen! How much could it possibly be worth?"

"About 800$. It's handmade. And no, it's not for sale."

"You're lying! It's just a fricking pen!"

It isn't just a pen. It slices, dices, and is refillable. I was lying about the slicing and dicing.

"No. Now, we are almost closed. Could you please sign the invoice and leave?"

EM looks at the invoice and starts to freak out.

"WHY IS IT SO EXPENSIVE?"

Because we're a machine shop. Machining is a skilled trade, and we don't work for minimum wage.

"Ma'am, we have an entire cost breakdown here."

"BULLSHIT! YOU DIDN'T MAKE THESE PARTS IN HOUSE, YOU ORDERED IT FROM CHINA!"

"Ma'am, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."

By that point, I had taken back my pen, and she's screeching.

"GIVE ME THE PEN! IT'S THE LEAST YOU COULD DO FOR YOUR ROTTEN SERVICE!"

"Sure, I'll add 800$ to the invoice."

"FOR FREE, YOU DENSE INBRED MILLENNIAL!"

"Ma'am, could you please leave?"

At this point. Doug had brought the box of parts out.

"What's the whole commotion about?"

"THIS BRAT STOLE MY PEN!"

Now, Doug knew it was an obvious lie. He knows I like my pens.

"Ma'am, please leave. He did not take your pen, I know it's his."

"I'll report both of you to the police!"

And then she left. Without the parts. With a signed invoice. 

A few weeks later, the company she worked for picked them up when they realized they were gone.

Anyways, That's my story./nMy family and I rescued a persian cat from the street. We took care of her and now she looks fabulous.
A couple of months ago we threw a party and we invited all our neighbours. Here is when the fun begins. Ep comes up to me:

EP:What an adorable cat you have? What's her name?

Me:Her name is Nut and she is 6 y/o

EP to her son: What do you say should we adopt her?

Me:Excuse me?

EP:Our family has been meaning to get a cat for ages and yours looks beautiful.

Me: NO! She's our cat and we took good care of it. I'm not about to give it to you.

EP:Stop being so selfish. (EK) got a lot of good grades this year and i am trying to reward him.

At this time my mom hears the commotion and comes to ask if everything is ok. EP tells her that she "needs" our cat for her son. Mom gives her a confused look and asks if she's serious. EP says she is.

Mom:She's our cat but if you really want to adopt an animal i would recommend (local adoption center name nearby)

EP:No my son really wants this cat.

At this point my mom gets annoyed and asks EP to leave. EP starts swearing and saying that the cat is to good for us and we are to poor to take care of her. Mom threatens EP to call the police if she doesn't leave. EP leaves in a hurry with EK. After a couple of months EP leaves to another state. Since then nobody tried to take our cat away from us.
/nRepost from another sub

This happened a little bit ago and I can’t stop thinking about it and thought it would be fun to share. (Sorry if formatting is weird I’m on mobile) TLDR at the bottom.

So a little backstory: I recently moved into a new house in a small town, the kind where everyone knows everyone. I moved to this town from a bigger city so it was a bit of an adjustment but I liked the quiet and it was closer to my new job which was a plus. My new job was at a daycare center (important later) that opened at 6 in the morning. I requested the opening shift so that I would get off at 2 pm and be able to have some free time in the afternoons. Now when I moved into the neighborhood a few of the neighbors stopped by to welcome me and give me plates of cookies, casseroles, etc. One women (our future EM) and her family came by to say hello and asked me where I worked. I told them I was a daycare worker. 

EM: Oh really? I’ve been looking for somewhere to have my boy stay when I’m at work over the summer. What ages do you watch? 

Me: 5 to 6 year olds. 

EM: That’s perfect! She says this with a smile. 

Me: Yea, I’d be happy to see him in my class if you ever decided to enroll him. 

This was the seed that would sprout into a giant tree of crazy. Now on with the show:

So it was a typical morning for me, up at the butt crack of dawn and out the door at 5:45 to get to work by 6. It was a pretty uneventful day, nothing major happening so by the time 2 pm rolled around the day had flown by, come to find out this was not the case for everyone today. I arrived home to find a police car and the EM with her five year old son talking to police on my porch. I was confused as there was no reason for her to be there and no one had tried to contact me about anything happening at my house. I park and get out of my car and start to walk to the house and I call out 

Me: What going on?
The EM was not talking to the police she was screaming and upon seeing me she completely exploded

EM: HOW DARE YOU LEAVE MY SON OUTSIDE ALL DAY! HE COULD’VE BE KIDNAPPED!
She continued on like that as two police officers approached me. PO1 and PO2

PO1: Excuse me miss, but did you leave this little boy outside while you were gone?

Me: No? I left for work early this morning, I’m just now getting home. I’ve been at work all day.

At this point I look over at EM and her son. The son was filthy, it looked like he had been playing in the dirt, his knee was scratched but not bloody, and he was holding an open backpack that had contained a coloring book and crayons based on what was laying all over my porch. 
The officers looked stunned a bit and looked at each other. They asked me to follow them and we make our way up onto the porch. 

EM: Aren’t you going to arrest her? She endangered my son. What kind of a babysitter are you?

Me: Babysitter?

EM: Yes, you’re a babysitter! You told me you were when I stopped by before! Well some babysitter you are! Look what you did to my son! You said you would be happy to watch him!

Me: (finally understanding what’s going on) Oh no, you misunderstood me. I work at a daycare a few minutes away, I don’t run a daycare out of my house. I said I would be happy to have him in my class at the daycare. 

EM: DON’T LIE! You’re just trying to cover your ass. 

PO1: Can you proof that you were at this daycare today? *I say that I can and pull out my phone and called the center, the PO talking to my boss for a few minutes before handing me back my phone.*

PO2: Ma’am was this women here when you dropped your son off.

EM: Yes she was! I saw her through the window. 

PO1: Ma’am her boss just confirmed that she was at work. 

EM: (cutting him off) She’s lying! I bet she just called a friend to cover her ass! I bet you don’t even have a job! That’s why she has to run a shitting babysitting service out of her crappy house. 

Me: I just got home from work. There weren’t even any cars in the driveway

EM: Yes there was! You probably left through the back door. You were supposed to watch him!  You said you would watch him and you never opened the door for him to come inside. He’s hungry and thirsty and look at him! He’s covered in dirt. You should have let him in and watched him!

Me: Weren’t you listening? I’m not a babysitter, I work at a daycare, I said I would be happy to watch him if you enrolled him there.

EM: She’s lying!

PO2: Ma’am did this women speak to you this morning about watching your son? 

Me: No, like I said, I was at work by 6. 

PO2: Have the two of you ever set up a time for you to watch her son?

Me: No. This is only my second conversation with her, the first was me explaining where I work. I guess she got confused. 

EM: You lying little bitch! I’m going to tell everyone how shitting you are at babysitting and you’ll never get any work again! Good luck keeping your house when you’re unemployed.

Me: For the last time lady, I’m not a babysitter!

PO1: Ma’am, you left your child here without any confirmation that anyone was even home?

EM: So? She’s a babysitter she’s supposed to watch him!

PO1: Ma’am I’m sorry but I’m going to have to arrest you for child endangerment. 

The EM then turns from angry to furious and begins yelling at me again for misleading her (completely dropping the whole “she’s lying” story) and saying she’s going to sue me. It’s been a few weeks now, the mom was let go (for whatever reason) and the little boy goes to the daycare I work at now. I just wish I had a picture of the EMs face when she realized I was her son’s teacher and that I wasn’t lying after all. But that’s a story for another time.

TLDR: EM confuses daycare worker with babysitter and leaves her child on my porch all day. She calls the cops only to realize that she abandoned her child at my house when I wasn’t home and was arrested./nI would like to preface this by apologizing by any formatting errors. This was typed on mobile.


So I’m a paraprofessional, working in NY. This is a job where I work with students with special needs. Unfortunately, I don’t ever actually work with kids who have special needs that I can assist. Usually I’m paired with students who, thanks to their parents, constantly need to be watched or the students are not fit for that environment. 

I had to work with a student who had ADHD, who’s his parents rarely disciplined him and encouraged his horrible behavior. When something didn’t go his way, he becomes violent, always attacking his classmates with whatever was close to him. He was so spiteful, that he, despite the warning to not run into the street during a class trip, bit a teachers hand and ran out anyway, later telling his parents the teacher shoved him. He was also extremely stubborn, which makes it impossible to reach him anything. 

This story takes place about 2 years ago, during a parent teacher conference. The parents of my student specified that they’d meet with the teachers at 5:30, and it was 6:07, so the teachers had to move to the set of parents. I was needed in another room to assist the parent teacher coordinator sort some books out for my class. 

Anyway, here’s the cast:

Special Education Teacher: SET

Regular Education Teacher: RET

The Entitled Parent: EP

Other Dad: OP

Paraprofessional: ME

Story:

Busting into the classroom, mid conference, the EP of the story is yelling at the teachers for skipping them. The special education teacher excuses herself and the following exchange ensues:

SET - “EP, sorry about the mixup. This conference is about to end, would you mind just waiting outside for just a minute?”

EP, completely out of the blue - “YOU’RE ONLY TREATING US LIKE THIS BECAUSE YOU HATE GAYS!”

He’s gay btw.

The teachers are stunned. The SET tried to explain that they have to get through the list, but she’s just shoved out of the way so that he can yell at the RET. 

EP, pointing at the RET - “How dare you skip us, you fckin homophobe. What the f*...”

RET, interrupting the parent - “Now that you’re here, we can start.”

The parent pouts the plops down into the chair. His husband nervously follows.

This is when I walk in. I walk through the doorway.

EP, angrily accusatory - “Who are you?!”

ME - “I’m Mr.ME, EK’s para. How are you doing? I just came back because I heard the noise.”

EP, looking at the teachers - “Why does THAT have to work with my angel?”

I don’t want to believe he’s referring to me as “THAT” cause my skin color, but I wouldn’t be surprised. The neighborhood I work in is filled with arrogant eps, and I’ve dealt with prejudice in that neighborhood before. Anyway, I get a good understanding of at least one of the parents personality. The conversation continues:

ME - “If you don’t want me here, I can just go back to the other room.”

EP - “Do you’re ears not work, help? You’re the reason why my angel is the way he is.”

*the Help in this context is referring to the black servants that surved under whites way back when. So the dude is not only a racist, but a blatant racist. 
 
There’s an awkward silence as I take my seat, but I didn’t even get to take my seat before the parent exploded.

EP - “YOU! WHY ARE YOU FAILING MY SON?!”

ME - “I’m not, I can’t. I don’t have the authority to do so. His class work though, is concerning.”

EP - “What the hell do you mean by that?”

RET - “Well, your son isn’t exactly... agreeable.”

SET - “He refuses to listen to any of us, regardless of the instruction. As you know, he spat in the Occupational Therapist’s face just yesterday telling him he can’t hit another student. He gave another student a nosebleed for giving him back a pencil that fell from his desk.”

EP - “And? That’s their fault. He can do whatever he wants. Why are you stopping him? What’s wrong with YOU?”

He’s looking at me.

SET - “This is a school, we promote a environment of learning and exploration, but within the regulations of the DOE. Above all, the classroom has to be a safe environment, and with all the times he’s removed from the class, he doesn’t spend nearly enough time learning.”

EP - “The fck is that supposed to mean?”

Confused as to how this parent doesn’t seem to understand what we’re talking about.

SET - “We.. have to... remove your son from the room because of his violent... outbursts?”

EP - “Those violent outburst are cause of that darkie your sitting next to.” 

There it is.

RET - “I don’t appreciate you referring to my para as that.”

EP - “I don’t care, my child shouldn’t be exposed to his people, there’s already 2 in this class. Now there’s three? Disgusting.”

OP - “Are we really doing this now? EK is learning this from you!”

EP - “Of course we are, this... thing is teaching our son! Why can’t we have a white person and not that thing?”

Having enough of his racist BS, I just leave.

ME - “You know what, EP, OP, enjoy the rest of your day. I’m clearly not wanted here, I’m going to go back to the other classroom.”

I begin to walk off and once my back is turned, he chucks his iced coffee at my back. Unfortunately, he has great aim and it gets me right in the center of my back. I pause, then keep walking. He then gets up, walks over to me, and puts his hands on my shoulder, and attempts to swing me around. He fails, so he puts both hands on me but I just shrug him off. He gives up then just turns back around and resumes his yelling at the teachers.

Unfortunately, I had to work with him for the rest of the year, but the parents weren’t allowed back on the premises.


edit_

Thank you for the award. I didn’t expect this story to garner so much attention. I appreciate your viewing./n**Sorry about the length of the post. TL; DR at the end.**

A couple of years ago, I had started working in the front office of a collision repair center **(let's call it Fix It Queen)**. The shop specialized in fixing damaged cars from auto accidents but sometimes had to take on mechanical repair work as well. We had, at the time, two mechanics with about 50 years of combined experience and certifications, 4 or 5 painters, 3 detail guys to wash and vacuum cars, and 8 repair technicians. My job was to estimate the damage, submit our estimated cost to the customer or insurance company (whoever was paying), and secure payment for the estimate.

This took place in January or February, after a recent snowfall. The customer **(I'll call her Emma)** came in with two small children, probably no older than 6 or 7 years old. Her accident hadn't injured the children but her Audi SUV had slid on a patch of ice and struck a guardrail, damaging the back quarter panel and both doors. As part of the customer process, I introduced myself and sat down to discuss a few things with her. I basically knew she was going to be trouble when her first remark was, "Oh, *you're* the guy I'm supposed to talk to? I thought I'd have someone....different."

I let the implications of that statement go, laughed it off, and explained the repair process. I asked if she was having her car repaired at our shop and she said she had questions. 

*Did we use Audi parts?*

Yes, we had a deal with a local Audi dealership and used their parts store for Audi and several other high end vehicles.

*How long would repairs take?*
Less than two weeks; everything needed to be replaced then repainted to match. We would check all the doors and sensors and even test drive her car before calling her to state it was fixed.

*Were the repairs guaranteed?*
Yes, for as long as she owned her car, we would guatantee any paint and parts put on her car. We would also provide invoices from the Audi parts store.

*Did we have a rental car available?*
No, the rental was handled by her insurance company.

Now, Fix It Queen had a partnership with her insurance company so the insurance had already sent her a rental car company that came to pick her up. I presented Emma with a contract/power of attorney that reiterated what I had said verbally, advised that she pick up any belongings, and in 11 point font stated that **any work done would have to be paid for before her vehicle could leave the shop.** (We didn't use small print for our contracts because corporate said so.) I told Emma that she would owe a $500 deductible (according to her insurance company) when she came to pick it up. Emma signed and I made a copy of her driver's license.

Emma went outside with the rental car company agent **(let's call her Mystique)**. I filed her paperwork and returned to the lobby area to find Mystique and Emma standing there, both frustrated. Emma was mad that the rental car being given to her was a Chevrolet Impala and *not* an Audi. 

Mystique, "Do you all have an Audi or similar vehicle you could rent out to her?"

Me, "No. We don't do rentals. We fix damaged cars; we don't rent them out."

Emma sucked her teeth. "That's very rude of you to say! My insurance company said they would have another car like mine here for pickup and I want another car like mine! I have two small children and I need to keep them safe!"

I explained again to Emma that we could not do this and she huffed then sat down to call her insurance company. Mystique sat down to play on her phone. I guess I should explain that Fix It Queen had a lobby area and that they were sitting on the sofas in the lobby, with Emma's two children playing around them. Emma talked very loudly to her insurance agent, and to escape the noise, I went to do my job. I went to Emma's Audi SUV, drove it into the shop, and assigned it to a technician. 

When I returned to my office, Emma was still on the phone yelling about the "substandard" rental car. My boss came to the door of my office and asked what was going on, so I explained and told him I was taking care of it. I continued to ignore Emma's ranting on the phone and threats to drop her insurance company so I could call the Audi dealership to order parts. My contact there verified part prices and guaranteed delivery by the end of the work day. I sent the order to her insurance company to have payment transferred to us and went to tell Emma the good news.

After a few more minutes, Emma got off the phone. She had been in the lobby for a little over an hour. I asked how things had gone with her insurance. Emma basically stated that she was going to take her car and leave and would drop her insurance as **no one was helpful.**

I asked Emma to hold on and went into the shop to find her car. Auto repair technicians usually work quickly because the more cars they work on, the more they can get paid. I found Emma's Audi SUV with both doors removed, the rear bumper loosened, and the tech was working to remove the right taillamp. All of these steps were necessary to replace her damaged doors and quarter panel. 

I returned inside and told Emma what had happened. She shrieked at me--SHRIEKED AND GRABBED HER HAIR--because we had already started working on her car. She accused us of working on her car without permission, threatened to sue us, and called me an idiot.

I went to the office, made a quick copy of her signed contract, and brought it to Emma. I told her that she had given us legally binding permission to work on her car and that we had begun work per that agreement. I also told her that in accord with our work authorization, if she chose to remove her car, she would first have to pay the fees for the work already done. We would stop work until we could verify how we would receive payment. I also told her that Mystique would be able to advise the rental car company's fees on upgrading her rental.

Over the next three days, Emma called several times; her insurance called several times; and other collision repair shops called several times. Everyone wanted to know how repairs were going, what was going on, etc. My answers were always the same: **Emma owed a $200 USD bill for the labor involved in starting the repairs and cancelling the parts order, and after the first 24 hours, we were charging $25 USD per day in storage. We would not do any further work until we were paid for what had been done.**

By the end of the week, Emma came in personally, talked to my boss, and agreed to repairs as she was paying out of pocket for an Audi rental for her children. Her car was fixed by the end of the following week but I think her insurance ended up dropping her because we charged them for storage fees in accordance with our contract.

**TL;DR: Entitled mom tried to pull a con; she was quite miffed and put on. We charged her for work; she acted like a jerk. But her car repairs were done.**/nThis happened in 7th grade. I was 12 so forgive any inconsistencies. But for a 12 year old I  was taller than average and naturally heavier and stronger (not fat but normal weight for my height) You know the cast so I wont bother.

Onto the story. 

&amp;#x200B;

So one day we were out for PE. (I didn't live in the U.S so we had a big ground that we played in) We played football (soccer) and I beat EKs team by something. I think 2-0 or 3-0, something like that. So we got into the class and as I was walking over to my desk EK who is a twig tries to tackle me. I barely move and laugh at his pathetic try. So then I sat down  and waited for the teacher. So EK got his STEEL bottle and full swing hit me. He hit me so hard that my head went numb. I get up and go to him and say 

"What the fucks your problem?"

Before he replied my friend told me that blood was dripping on the floor and when I checked, sure enough my head was bleeding  to which EK almost ran out the class but I caught him before he could and took the bottle from his hand and took a huge swing at his face with one hand, the other holding him. 

He dropped instantly and someone called the teacher so he was here now. We both were taken to the nurse for some ice and a crepe bandage for my head. Our parents were called and we went to the hospital where I got stitches and went home. 

The next day we both were at the office with our parents. The conversation went like this:

&amp;#x200B;

Principal: EM you know why we are here. 

EM has the audacity to say:  
Yes. u/FieryFlameBlade broke my sons nose and beat him up in PE. 

PE Teacher: u/FieryFlameBlade did no such thing. I was there and the only thing EK was beaten in was football.

EK: Hes lying! u/FieryFlameBlade did beat me up. 

Principal: Enough. u/FieryFlameBlade what happened?

Me: EK got mad that my team won in football and whacked my head so I broke his nose.

Principal: EK what happened?

EK: u/FieryFlameBlade punched me in the stomach in PE and then broke my nose for no reason.

My mom: Mr.Principal why don't we call someone from the class and ask them so that action may be taken against EK? 

EM: I'm sorry you meant u/FieryFlameBlade right?

My mom: No I meant EK.

EM: But EK did nothing wrong!

At this point some kid came in and recalled my words. 

Principal: As we heard, EK is in the wrong and will be expelled and u/FieryFlameBlade will be suspended for a day for hitting back.

My mom didn't agree but didn't say anything because she didn't want to be here any longer.

A few years ago I heard EK was put into jail for hitting someone with a fucking crowbar. 

If you are reading this EK, go fuck yourself and burn yourself and your mom and try to put the fire out with diesel. I will try and get a photo of the scar ASAP.

EDIT: I realised that the scar has faded too much so it jut looks like my forehead now. Sorry. EDIT 2: this blew up. Also sorry for not being able to respond to every comment. Pls forgive me. Also THANKS FOR SILVER!!!! ABSOLUTELY AMAZING PERSON WHOEVER GAVE IT TO ME!! EDIT: Holy shit 250 comments, damn./nSo recently I got tickets to go see Twenty One Pilots in Columbus for me and my Aunt (the not entitled one). It worked out, because I would already be up that way because my parents are going out of the country and I needed a place to stay for the week. So word gets out to EA that I am going to go to a concert that week and she sent me the following.

EA: So I heard you are going to go see Twenty One Pilots while you are here this summer.

Me: Yeah, me and Aunt or going to have a great time.

EA: Cool. So when are you going to send EC and my's tickets.

Me (Thinking: Is she for real.): Sorry if it didn't come across this way, but I only got tickets for me and Aunt. Again Sorry.

EA: Are you serious. We really want to see this show.

Me: Okay, you don't know any songs by them or know the members names.

EA: That's not true.

Me: Prove it then.

(I shit you not when she sent me these names.)

EA: The singer is Tony and the others are Daniel and Christen. Also we know Stressed out and ride.

Me: First there are two people in Twenty One Pilots. Second the singer is Tyler and the Drummer is Josh. Thirdly, those are two songs out many that they have. Another thing, the concert isn't in Louisville (where they live), we are driving up to Ohio and staying the night there.

EA: Are you talking back to me. You need to respect your elders.

Me: I'm not talking back. I'm just saying that I got these tickets because I am dedicated fan and so is Aunt.

EA: You are coming up here that week to be with family. Not go to a stupid concert.

Me: I know I'm am coming to see family. That's why I am going to this concert with Aunt.

EA: If you want to go you have to buy me and EC tickets.

Me: So you're telling me that if I want to got to a concert, which I already bought tickets for, I have to buy both of you tickets with my own money.

EA: Yes.

Me: Yeah sure, I'll get back to you on that.

That was 3 days ago. So, I knew this wasn't going to be the end of it I just hoped that i would get at least a week before I had to deal with this again. But, lets go back to yesterday. I was in the middle of taking my AP Human Geography test. In the middle of the test, EA fucking calls me. Thank god i put my phone on silent or else I would have been screwed (the rule being if the teachers so much as see your phone, your score is null and void and this test can get you college credit if you score high enough, for those non americans out there). So I felt that every couple of minutes she was texting me, and I wasn't going to risk my score being thrown out so I just ignored it. After the test, I checked my phone; 50 texts and 5 missed calls. Yeah. I called her and this basically how it went.

EA: WHY THE HELL DIDN'T YOU ANSWER ME!

Me: One, I am still in school. Two, I was taking an AP test, and if I had answered my score would be thrown out.

EA: SO. I AM YOUR AUNT. YOU NEED TO PICK UP WHEN EVER I CALL OR TEXT.

Me: What ever, what did you want. (I had a feeling I knew what I what it was).

EA: Oh, I was just wanted to see if you got tickets for me and EC yet.

Me: I'm not getting you tickets.

EA: BUT YOU SAID YOU WERE GOING TO.

Me: Newsflash. Have you ever heard of sarcasm.

EA: Listen here you little...

I hang up and block her. Later that night, my mother asks me why I blocked her and I tell her what happened. She was pretty mad that EA basically wanted to me to miss out on potential college credit just to call her. I know this isn't even close to being the end of it. I will probably post more of this story closer to the concert.

Update: So, today during a chem lab I got a text from an unknown number. It was EA, and she had the audacity to ask if i could get them pit tickets. So yeah./n(My first reddit post, so this could be weird. Also a bit lengthy so bear with me.)

Background: I'm a male college student. About 6 feet tall. This happened a few weeks ago.

So, you know those claw machines they have at the front of Walmarts? Well, I am apparently really good at them. A lot of times I will play them just for fun. And I usually give the prizes I win to random kids, with parent's permission of course.

So, one day I went and got a couple of things from Walmart. I passed by the machine and saw there was a bunny plush just sitting on top, a perfect target. I had a few ones and decided to try. I won with my last dollar. With the prize, I wait for someone to give it to. Then comes in this entitled mom (EM) and her two kids (EK1 and EK2, both about 7 years old). The two kids glance over at me, and their eyes light up.

EK1: Bunny! It's a bunny!

EK2: I want it! Can I have it mommy?

EK1: I want it too!

Seemingly calm, the woman walks up to me and says...

EM: Hand that over.

She doesn't ask, she orders me to hand it over. Now, normally I would just do so, but this woman had TWO kids, and I had the ONE plush. This was a case where I wouldn't give to kids. 1. If the parent gives it to one kid, the other wouldn't feel as loved. And 2. Kids had a tendency to fight over toys they had to share. Often times with plushies. Plus, I didn't like the attitude the woman approached me with. So, I bluntly say...

Me: No.

Then, the woman's expression turned dark.

EM: Why not?

Me: I don't like giving one plush to two kids.

EM: Well, why don't you just get another one? That way, they each get one.

Me: Sorry, I'm out of ones. Plus, there really isn't anything else I can win at this.

If prizes were wedged, I couldn't get them.

EM: Well, go get some more ones!

Me: I'm not doing that.

EM: Then just give me that one!

Me: I already told you "no".

EM: GIVE IT!

Now she's trying to swipe it from my hands, but since I'm tall, I pull the old bully trick of holding it to where she can't reach it. Then, she tries pulling me down so she can grab it. But, I throw it on top of the machine where she still can't reach it. As she tries to reach for it, the woman starts making noise. The kids are also getting upset realizing that they may not get the plush. With all the noise, we attracted the security person (SP) at the front.

SP: What's going on here?

The woman freezes for a moment, turns to the security person and says...

EM: This man just stole my kids' toy and threw it up on the machine!

I jump to defend myself.

Me: What? No I didn't.

EM: (interrupting) He's lying! Look! My kids are still crying!

The kids apparently get the hint and start crying more. Now, I do look very suspicious. It was winter, and I was wearing a thick jacket with gloves and a hat (all black). So, it didn't look good for me. The security person comes up and says...

SP: Sir, return their toy, and get out of the store.

The woman had a very smug look on her face. I thought it was over for me. Luckily, there was another worker (W) over by the shopping carts who came up.

W: Hold on. I saw the whole thing. This woman tried to take away the toy the boy won from the machine. He just threw it up there to keep her from stealing it.

Then. She. Exploded.

EM: NO! You're lying too! That toy is OUR'S!

Security, wanting none of this walks up to her.

SP: Mam, exit the store before I call police.

In a huff, the woman walks out of the store with her kids who look really upset. Minutes later, I gave the plush to a girl about 5. Both her and her father were really polite. I wish this was the end of it, but oh no. It isn't.

I'm just about to leave when I hear something outside.

(Voice 1): Hey! How did you get that?

(Voice 2): A kind young man in the store gave it to us.

(Voice 1): He gave it to YOU? My kids deserve it much more than yours does.

At this point I can tell it's the entitled mom talking to the good dad (GD) I gave the prize to.

GD: Well, he gave it to us. And my daughter really likes it.

EM: She doesn't deserve it! MY kids are geniuses. Yours probably can't even count. So, it's rightly OURS!

I'm about to go outside to try and resolve the conflict, but then I see the dad in front of his kid in the cart, blocking the mom.

GD: Listen. I don't care how good your kids are. But, the moment you talk bad about mine...you should just walk away. I'm not letting you get close to her.

The EM, in another rage, stomps off with her kids. I'm glad I made the right choice.

Update: Just won these two lovelies. Hope I give them a good home.

https://imgur.com/gallery/8YVnzBI /nThis happened a few months ago. I went out to eat with my mobility service dog. She had her huge leather bracing harness on. This mother proceeds to scream “pet the doggy pet the doggy” to her 10 and 12 year olds. I responded with “please don’t talk to my dog”. The father then gets in my face, screams at me, questioning why his daughters can’t pet my dog. He films me, calling me crazy because “everyone should be able to pet whatever do g they want”. I explained I had a heart condition and it wasn’t safe your other people to pet my dog. Guy didn’t care. He threatened to call the cops on me for me not letting him pet my dog. Cringe. /nThis happened over the weekend. My wife, son, and I went to a movie. (we try to have one “family day” a week). We had just gotten our tickets to see Yesterday (the movie about everyone forgetting the Beatles) and were in line to get snacks.

Our family had been to this movie theatre many times and because of this my wife and I (we’re lesbians) felt safe holding hands and acting like we’re a couple (no pda). This normally doesn’t attract any attention in the area the theatre is in. Today however, it got us into an odd situation. 

Cast: Me, Wife, Son, EM, ET (embarrassed teen. He wasn’t entitled at all.), and ED (Embarrassed Dad, ET’s father)

My son offered to pay for snacks and drinks at the movie so we started heading over to the concession area. My wife and I stood to the side while our son ordered. EM, ET, And ED walked up behind us in line. I could hear EM say something along the lines of “Aww isn’t that sweet.” I assumed she meant that it was sweet of my son to pay for us but I didn’t say anything.

EM: Excuse me? 

My wife and I looked at her and instinctively let go of each other’s hands just in case.

ME: Yes Ma’am?

EM: I just wanted to say that you and your partner are sooo cute together. I have recently found a new respect for gay people. My son just came out! 

ET’s face went bright red and he nudged his mom slightly with his elbow.

EM: What?! You should be proud of who you are! We should find you a boyfriend so you can be as happy as these ladies.

ME: Well thank you Ma’am. And I’m happy for you and your son.

At this point my son turned back to us and handed us our drink cups. EM gasped a little and whispered something to her son. 

It’s important to note that our son is very handsome. He takes pride in his appearance and works out with my wife on a near daily basis. I may be a bit bias but I think my son is the most handsome kid out there. 

We started walking away from the concession area to get to our theatre when our son got a tap on the shoulder. 

ET: Ex...excuse me? 

Son: What’s up? 

ET: I was wondering if you wanted to go out with me to get coffee sometime? 

Son: I’m sorry man, I’m straight. But if you wanna hang out and play (so video game I forgot the name of) I’m in. 

ET: Oh um...ok yeah cool. 

They exchanged numbers and made plans to hang out. We then started toward our theatre again while ET walked back to EM and ED who had just finished getting their stuff. Just as we were about to get into the theatre we heard EM shouting.

EM: What?! What do you mean he’s straight?! He’s not straight! Where is he?! 

Son: Oh sh*t. 

Now I tend to get a bit over protective of my son so my wife told me that she was going to take the lead here so that things didn’t escalate too hard. Which I thought was fair. We stood in the hall and waited for EM to stomp over to us. She didn’t disappoint. 

EM: How dare you reject my son! 

Son: I’m sorry Ma’am, but I’m straight. It’s not just your son I’m not interested in. It’s all boys.

EM: What do you mean?! Is my son not good enough for you?

The whole time ET and ED were trying to calm EM down to no avail. 

Son: Ma’am, I’m interested in girls. I’m not interested in boys. Your son and I have just made plans to hang out as friends though...

Oh no honey. He shouldn’t have said that.

EM: You friendzoned my son?! 

Wife: Ma’am, my son has made it clear that he is not interested in dating your son. Please leave us alone. 

EM: BUT YOU’RE GAY! THAT MEANS THAT HE’S GAY! SO HE HAS TO DATE MY SON! 

Wife: Ma’am, that’s not how sexuality works. 

EM: YES IT IS! WHY WOULD YOU ADOPT A STRAIGHT CHILD AS A GAY COUPLE?! 

Son: Because...

Wife: Son, don’t. It’ll just make it worse. 

EM: Why won’t you date my son?! I want a real reason! 

Son: Is being straight not a good enough reason?

EM: Not even close! My son could turn you and won’t know unless you try.

ET: MOM! Knock it off! He’s not interested. He’s straight. I’m fine with that. The only person that is upset about the two of us not dating is you. 

EM: I’m trying to get you a hot boyfriend! I’m trying to be a supportive parent! 

They started fighting between themselves so we used that as a distraction to get out of there and into the theatre which, thankfully, was already dark so they wouldn’t be able to see us. 


My son got a text form the ET when he turned his phone back on after the movie apologizing for his mom and also canceling their plans because “My mom doesn’t want you around me unless it’s date.” My son just laughed it off and said it was fine. 

People be crazy sometimes lol/nyes i have too many of these stories from work, TL;DR AT END

EK: entitled kid  ED: entitled dad PC: poor co-worker

backstory: where i work we take 8 kids at a time to shoot arrows at a target (real *sharp* arrows) and this EK pushed in the line and put himself in the group, we didn't know this at the time.

we had 8 kids shooting arrows and all was going well, a normal shift with no variations. until i go to pick up some arrows (after taking all of the unused arrows off the kids so i dont get shot) 

this is when PC calls me and i cant properly hear him, i assume he's telling me something unimportant and just put a hand signal to say "one minute ill be right back" and at that moment i feel something sharp hit my arm, and feel blood coming out of it. crap.

so the full story to this was ED took the arrows i had put aside, gave them to EK, who proceeds to shoot them AT ME because i was "taking too long"

me and PC tell ED to remove EK from the premises, before there was a formal complaint filed against him and EK. then he proceeds to say "you were taking too long, people have lives too ya know"

i had never been more furious in my life. 

this. ED. was. defending. EK. after. they. SHOT. me.

i then called my manager down from a climbing tower (he had to get down a 20 foot zipwire first so he was annoyed) and i showed him my injury (well an image of it, i had properly cleaned and dressed it at this point) and ED still says "its not my kids fault" to which my manager said "no it's yours! so remove yourself before i have security do it" 

he didn't budge. security was called along with the police and EK's mom.

the police arrested ED for endangerment of a minor (i think at least) and something else as well (i honestly just wanted to get it over with at this point) and the mom explained how ED pulls these stunts consistently and has been arrested on similar charges 3 times before.

yes my arm is fine, still attached with only a single faded scar.

still... one hell of a story 

TL;DR
entitled dad gives kid arrows to shoot at me because i was "taking too long" and then gets arrested.

edit: there is now a photo of the scar on my profile, please bear in mind that its 6 years old and has been through a dermabrasion and scar oil :)/nMe=Me
B1=Little brother 1 (12 Y/o)
B2=Little brother 2 (3 Y/o)
EM: Entitled Mom
ED: Entitled Dad
Ek: entitled kid

Ok so this happened back in 2013. I was maybe 15. So B1 is autistic but is a very very sweet kid and B2 is a premie baby and therefore very small even at 3. Where we lived at i was able to take them downtown so we can explore and everything. I am very protective over my brothers.  Well we go downtown B2 in his stroller and I'm holding B1's hand so he doesn't get lost or hurt. Now B1 has a special tracking bracelet that can help the police track him. Now downtown there's a wonderful store that has hot dogs and ice cream and everything. So my brothers and I are in there having some lunch and maybe an ice cream. EM, ED and Ek walked in. Ek is about 5 or 6. Now we had just finished our lunch so i was going to get ice cream. I waited in line and i see EK go to where my brothers are. I keep an eye on her and my brothers. B1 is estatic and is talking a lot making conversation with her. But she mainly focuses on B2 who is starting to fall asleep in his stroller. I get to the front and looked at the menu to figure out the ice cream. Just as i was about to order. I hear a scream. I look over and saw EM was trying to take B2 out of his stroller.  I run over and yank her away. Thankfully B2 isn't hurt. 
Me: Get away from my brother. Who the hell do you think you are. 
EM: EK just wanted to hold him. It's not a problem. 
Me: Yes it's a problem. You just tried to take my brother out. 
As I'm getting into it with EM, i hear B1 make his little whining noises usually meaning distress or danger. I look at him then at B2 and ED was holding him. 
Me: Give me back my brother.
ED: in a minute he's adorable.
EM: Learn to share. 
I'm starting to see red. And I'm pissed. 
Me: Learn to share, he's my baby brother. Now hand him back. Now. 
EM i guess doesn't like my tone because she pushed me into the table and she yanks B2 who is crying. Now this bitch, has me seeing all red. She digs into his arms and he's crying louder. I try to get him back and I'm screaming at her. ED is holding me back from hurting EM. I manage to slam my head back into his throat and I hurriedly move and pull B2 from her hands. I grab the stroller and move away and keep my brothers and our stuff to the side and B2 in his stroller.  I go back to EM and ED. I'm beyond pissed and I punch her hard screaming in her face. I kicked ED between the legs. You think a mama bear is bad wait till you see sister bear. I am red in the face screaming at them. They're screaming back. I'm about to go for another punch but I'm held back. I slightly turn and i see a police officer but not only police officer my favorite uncle. He saw it all, was able to arrest them on charges of attempted kidnapping, child endangermemt and assult. Me thankfully i just got a slap on the wrist. When they were gone, Ek was being taken to the station to so she could wait for another family member. I got our stuff and i took my brothers home. Thankfully B2 wasn't hurt that much. Neither was B1. But if i ever see EM or ED, i may just punch them again. /nSo this story was told to me by my brother when I was home visiting. It happened in 2015, at the peak of the gluten-free craze. To clarify:

B: Brother
K: Kid
EP: Entitled Parent
Me: yours truly

TL:DR at the bottom of the post.

At that point in time, my brother was pretty heavily involved in Scouting and was serving as Senior Patrol Leader of his troop (essentially he was the kid in charge of all the planning and organization). I had been a scout in the same troop, and during that time, the adult leaders were a group of older Navy veterans. Between the time I had finished with Scouting and my brother started getting involved, the older adult leaders had been pushed out and replaced with a group of upper middle class parents. Now, once people reach a certain level of comfort in their lives, there can be a tendency to see shadows on the wall and make them out to be phantom problems. This was certainly the case with these parents. The camping venues became severely limited - none of them wanted to camp outside of walking distance of warm showers. The troop was essentially relegated to backyard camping, unless one of the parents decided to shake it up and live on the wild side for a weekend. This, among other problems, had taken a lot of the fun out of scouting.

Now, while I was in the living room of my parents' house, I heard my brother close the door hard and walk pretty quickly into his room. He's a quiet guy, and it was pretty easy to see that something had upset him.

Me: "Hey B, what's going on?"

B: "Had a campout planning meeting with one of the parents. Didn't go well."

Me: "Do you want to talk about it?"

My brother began explaining what had happened. The troop had taken on a bunch of new, younger boys that year. Their parents had insisted on becoming more involved in troop leadership. One parent was especially problematic. They had a son who apparently fell on the autism spectrum. The kicker? He had never had a formal autism diagnosis. His parents self-diagnosed him based on his behavior. EP had her son on the gluten-free casein-free diet. She believed that so long as her son was on the diet, his "autism" wouldn't manifest. Spoiler alert: the diet is junk science. There really isn't any study to support the gluten-free casein-free diet.

Now, my brother and I aren't monsters. Though there was no formal diagnosis, we aren't the kind of people to argue, and what you want to eat is your business. Problem was, EP was being really pushy about her kid's diet.

EP: "B, as you know, K is on a special diet for his autism, and I just wanted to run through the campout menu with you."

B: "No problem, EP. We've worked with scouts that have dietary restrictions, including vegetarian and Kosher. Normally, we ask that they pack their own supply of food separate from the main menu, because the other scouts might not be familiar with their dietary needs. I can help K carry and prepare the food you pack. We usually also cook one meal together for everyone following the restrictions, so that the other boys can understand different dietary needs better. I'd be happy to work on that menu item with you."

EP: "Okay, that's not acceptable. I don't want K to feel left out, you need to provide a gluten-free casein-free menu for everyone. That means no wheat products, no dairy products, and I don't want any of the other boys bringing snacks that'll make K feel left out, either. So when you're doing the shopping, keep that in mind."

Anyone who's been on a camping trip can see the difficulty here. No sandwiches, no pasta, no tortillas, no cereal bars, no oatmeal, no milk in coffee - it goes on and on. It's doable with substitutes, of course, but to people who aren't used to them, they can be really off-putting and that's one of the last things you need on a campout, as eating enough calories is  really important. Throw that into the mix with a bunch of teenaged boys, and it's a recipe for disaster. Anyone who has worked with kids can see why this is problematic and would lead to bullying.

B: "EP, most of the other boys aren't used to following a special diet, and they're probably not going to be happy if we can't make things like breakfast burritos and s'mores, and they're going to blame that on K. Like I said, I'm happy to help K, but we can't design a menu with only him in mind."

EP: "Well, they better learn to be more tolerant. I'm telling you what will happen on this trip and this is final."

B: "EP, this is really-"

EP: "Don't argue with me. Either you accommodate K, or the camping trip is not happening. This conversation is over."

So, long story short, the campout ended up happening. My brother and the other scouts planned a gluten-free Spaghetti Bolognese dinner, and they told EP that K was welcome, but under no circumstances would they provide a special menu and K would need to pack his own meals. Of course, this sent EP into orbit, but there wasn't much that could be argued with at that point.

I wish this story had a more satisfying ending, but K continued with the troop (in all honesty, a really good thing because K wasn't at all a bad kid), and EP continued to harass my brother about minutia.

TL;DR: EP self-diagnoses their kid with autism, puts him on a special diet and expects everyone around him to follow that diet, too./nI ran into a wild Karen and her kid at Whataburger a few minutes ago. I have arthritis in both my knees and cannot walk well. I have to use the handicapped stall so I have the bars there. 

I was minding my own business in the stall when I heard 2 people enter. Someone tries my stall door. I call out “occupied”. I hear a child say “I can just use the small one.” So I think this is over and done with. Nope. This woman started banging on the stall door demanding I “hurry up” because she has to help her daughter in the family stall. I just reply with “occupied” again. 

Woman continues to pound on the stall door. At this point, I’m irritated, but I don’t hurry. I continue to take my time and finish up slowly. After I open the stall door, I make eye contact with this mother. I don’t know how I kept my calm, but I did. I said, “I deeply apologize for the fact that I am disabled and must use the disabled stall due to the fact that I need the help of the bars to stand back up. I also apologize for the fact that this is not a family stall, but a handicapped one.” I looked at her kid briefly. She was about 7-10 years old. Why does she need “help” in the bathroom anyway?

I washed my hands and left the bathroom. 

Ugh. Just ugh./nSo this literally happened 30 minutes ago. To explain some basic things, I am 20 years old and at the moment I have a small condition where a certain body part of mine is very much exposed, since it’s very very sensitive and by sensitive I mean you touch it I scream. (To clarify it is not my dick that is hanging about, it’s my lower back)

EM - entitled mother, DC - Demon child, Me - Me , HD - Helpful Doctor

I was sitting at the doctors as I am in incredible pain, walking and standing up is nearly impossible, sitting isn’t comfortable but it’s okay, the only real comfort I have is when I’m lay down on my back. Anyways I was sitting there waiting for my name to be called as I was already sitting for a while and I just wanted to be done with it.

That’s where EM and DC make their entrance, they sit down across from me and I notice the little boy pointing at and obviously talking about me. It was already embarrassing enough that I have to sit like the hunchback of notre dame, plus as I mentioned the exposed body part.

DC: He looks stupid.

EM: Shush sweetie you don’t say things like that out loud.

The moment I heard that I knew what kind of mother she was. I turned away grabbing a magazine to get some distraction. I hear DC running around the waiting room stopping beside me several times to run away in laughter. Suddenly I felt a pain so bad that I almost cried.

Me: F*cking hell!

I turn around only to see DC poking at my exposed body. I push him away and he falls on his butt, mind you he fell and just sat down on the floor looking for his mother. He looked at me again and started to cry.

EM: What have you done to him?

DC: He punched me on the arm!

Me: What?! I just pushed him away he...

I couldn’t even finish my sentence. I am not kidding when I say EMs face was only a few centimeters away from my face.

EM: WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?! HURTING MY CHILD HE WAS JUST PLAYING!

Even though I am in great pain I stood up.

Me: Listen I only gave him a slight push, I am in great pain and be basically only made it worse by touching me, I am sorry I didn’t want to hurt him it was just a reflex.

EM: How dare you, my child would never hurt anyone. Plus you don’t even know what pain is, have you ever given birth to a child? That is pain so don’t pretend that you know anything.

I was pissed. One could clearly see that I wasn’t lying, I had tears in my eyes, my face red and my breathing was heavy. All this was noticed by the doctor who entered the waiting room.

HD: What happened? Is everyone alright?

EM: This dreadful man here hit my child, you need to call the police now!

Then a old lady who sat there during the whole thing came over and said: This little boy hurt this young man. He just pushed him away so he would stop.

HD: I see. I’m sorry (Insert my name here) would you like to call the police?

I was just as surprised as EM.

Me: No it’s alright I’d be fine if they would just say sorry.

EM: You are all horrible people, you will here from my lawyer, say good bye to your business.

EM grabbed DC by the arm and pulled him out of the door. 

DC showed me his middle finger and started crying again.



Just so you know I would be in the perfect position to press charges and I’m seriously thinking about it. The doctor said that because of the pressure the little boy put on my body he could’ve done some serious damage, luckily it was only minor. If anything else will come up because of this I’ll update you.

Edit: Clarification on the body part I was talking about.

Edit: By now I pressed charges, the law suit is going into the second round, apparently I am not the only one to have suffered from her negligence. I am one of three people that have pressed charges and our Law suit was joined since it’s almost the same every time, she doesn’t watch her kid and then her child causes either pain to someone or he damages something of worth. 
By now everything is in our favor, there’s video surveillance, witnesses to all three cases and I kid you not she even insulted the judge twice. This lady really things that everyone is involved in a conspiracy against her.

As far as I know the child is now with his father (yes they are divorced). I can’t confirm if they took custody from her entirely or only temporary. But I would wish for the kid they would.

Also I am better by now, I get medication for my pain and I can do more stuff every day.

Thanks for reading!/nNot entirely sure if this falls into EP story, but remembered this from a while back and thought I'd share. This happened in the early 2000's, when my friend was working as a cashier in a shopping chain store.

&#x200B;

EM = Mother, F = My Friend, SG = Security Guard

&#x200B;

F was on register 1, the closest register to the exit door about twenty feet away, when a woman (EM) and her larger stroller with her young-toddler in it, walked through the first exit doors as the store alarm went off.

&#x200B;

(This is a store with a one section-room area you enter first - where the carts are stored - to walk through to enter the actual store area)

&#x200B;

Everyone stopped and looked at her, but EM turned around, no concern on her face, and spoke aloud to F on the register (nearest employee she could see).

&#x200B;

She started waving her flip phone up high to the registers and shouted:

"Oh, it was just my cell phone!"

&#x200B;

F told me that sometimes, back then, in the early 2000's cell phones would occasionally set-off the security sensors at the exit doors, so it was a common thing to see.

&#x200B;

F did a quick nod, when suddenly and at a break-neck speed, one of their co-workers and SG came running from the back of the store and charged infront of the woman before EM could get-out through the next set of exit doors to the parking lot. Both SG and the co-worker are blocking her from leaving now, as her young-toddler begins crying. The EM becomes frantic and starts to lose her cool:

&#x200B;

This is what F told me they heard:

&#x200B;

EM: Please, it's just my cell phone. Let me through!

&#x200B;

SG: Ma'am, we need to check your belongings.

&#x200B;

EM: I told you: It's my phone!

&#x200B;

SG: Ma'am, I need to check.

&#x200B;

EM: Why?! Let me out!

&#x200B;

SG: MA'AM!

&#x200B;

F at this point said EM started ramming the stroller with her toddler in it, against the SG and Co-Worker, as her child is now screaming. The SG at this point had to restrain her before she hurt her own child in the chaos, and EM was screaming at the top of her lungs "LET GO!" to unhand her and to *not hurt her child* either.

&#x200B;

Turns out, on the security footage, SG saw her acting suspicious, went looking for EM but she was gone from the section, so he questioned the Co-Worker in the section EM was just in and investigated, then immediately they both knew when the alarm went off at the doors. Found-out EM was piling several DVDs and CDs into her child's stroller, hoping she could get away with it with the cell phone gimmick.

&#x200B;

Don't know what happened after that, but it's pretty darned entitled and screwed up to use your own kid as a decoy to steal...then ram that kid into others to try to escape. What morals.

&#x200B;

Edit: Oh my gosh! Thank-you so much for the Silver kind stranger!

Changed MF to F as people are reading it as a a cuss word (lol)./nA couple years back I was grilling up some Korean BBQ short ribs at a family party. There were about 30-50 of my relatives there and some people that were just friends with some of the parents. As I was grilling the Entitled Mom comes up to me. 

EM: Give me a piece of BBQ for my son. 

Me: It'll be a couple minutes, they're not done yet. 

EM: I need it now, just give me that one it looks done. 
(points to a seared piece that's raw in the middle)

Me: It's not cooked yet, just wait a little bit yeah? 

EM: I'm an adult you have to listen to me. 

Me: Okay. 


I just give her what she wants because I'd rather not argue and a couple minutes later she comes back to me, angry. 

EM: This piece is raw! Why did you give it to me?!? You have no idea how to cook! 

Me: You demanded I give you a piece when I told you twice it wasn't cooked yet and then you told me I had to do whatever you said because you're an adult. 


She doesn't say anything and just leaves. Later I find out she went to my mom and tried to tell her I couldn't cook and tried to give her raw meat. Luckily, my mom was the one who taught me to cook so she knew the Entitled Mom was making shit up./nI wasn't even going to post this but after sitting here in my hotel room worried about the repercussions and even wanting to call the US embassy to ask them if I am screwed or not I decided that IMHO these fuckers are the asshole and not me.  IDK maybe I am the asshole in this situation who knows...

Preface: I and a few of my college/close friends run a logistic company based out of El Segundo.  Which requires me to fly to Hong Kong/China/Taipei somewhat often which is why I bought a Nintendo Switch to keep me company since I tend to fly coach to save cost and its almost impossible to sleep in coach, also I think I watched every season of every show possible.  BTW this is a Delta Airlines red eye which makes it even worst...  

Anyways 5-10 minutes past our take off time and this family wheeled their screaming toddler in, kid looks 4-5.  The airlines decided to give them the 3 exit seat behind my shitty bathroom seat.  Okay cool, lets leave already bear in mind the kid will be screaming for the next 2 hours.  

We took off and everyone tried to get comfortable before meal service so I decided to take out my Switch, some noise cancelling headphones and a new game which I bought especially for this trip.  15-30 mins later I get a tap on my shoulder.

EM(I guess alleged entitled mom): hey can my son borrow that?

This might sound childish of me but I love this fucking thing, and I actually want to play this game that I bought.  Plus I've seen the iPad that this kid had, it was visibly bent and cracked(kinda scared he would cut himself but he looks fine plus its not my kid).  I also hear him throwing the iPad multiple times, that poor poor iPad.  Not only that but he tried to open the emergency exit, which fortunately would be impossible for him to do so.  Still got the cabin crew's attention and they were warned multiple times during the flight.

Me: no I can't sorry.

EM: come on.  Do you want him to scream the entire flight?  

Me: sorry I really can't.

She didn't say anything in return just walked off, but I did hear her over my noise cancelling headphones telling her kid to scream, which he was already doing.  Then a few mins later a somewhat large man tapped on my shoulder, at first I thought it was another passenger because he sounded like he wanted me to think that or something, turns out it was the kid's dad.  I guess I will call him EF.

EF: hey why don't you let him borrow your game so he would stop screaming.  Help us out here, this is a pretty long flight.  We can't have him screaming all the way.  

Me: sorry I can't I really can't.  

This went on for a minute or so, his tone made it seem like I was the one in trouble for minding my own business.

EM: Danny forget him, he's a fucking manchild.  (Looking at me now)You know my husband is a cop right?  He can put you on the no fly list like that!

At this point I gave them a funny look and the husband was somewhat visibly disturbed by what his wife said and returned to his seat.  A few mins later I saw a flight attendant walking by and asked them in Chinese if I can switch to one of the empty seats.  She obliged and that was last I had to deal with the husband and wife pair.  The kid literally scream for a good 2 hours straight then sporadically for the next 4-5 , afterwards I haven't heard a peep until we are landing.  

Anyways do you think it was my fault in this situation?  Can I be screwed because if I am on a No Fly List then there goes my livelihood./nSo I posted about how an EP yelled at me because I would not sell them a goldfish and in an exchange in the comments I mentioned how a kid groped me one day at work so here's that story.

For a little background I work in a pet shop and this takes place a few weeks ago around 7:30pm and we close at 8:00pm so generally we avoid pet sales in the last half hour or so as it usually takes longer than that to do a sale. However I was serving a customer who had come in earlier that day and bought everything that they need bar the hamster and so I knew they had the right food/cage/bedding/toys and it would not be a long sale. 

Staring - Me, EM the entitled mother, EK the entitled child, M is my manager and FM#1 & FM#2 are the people I am serving, family member 1 and 2 (A young couple). 

As I am doing the sale I notice the EM and EK looking at the hamsters I was about to sell and the EK was already being rather annoying and loud, banging on the cage and demanding to have the hamster. The EM telling her son to ask me whilst I was clearly talking to another group of people. 

I decide to head off the kid.

Me: I am serving right now so if you go to the till one of my other colleagues may be free to talk to you. Also please don't bang on the cages, it scares the pets. 

EM: We just want that hamster, can't you just quickly get it out and then go back to serving? 

Me: We have to go through a fair bit to sell a hamster, it isn't that simple. Like I said, one of my colleagues can go through it but it is unlikely for us to have time to sell one tonight.

I then go back to serving the couple I am with and talking about the possible health issues whilst the EM walks towards the till point looking slightly annoyed but oh well, she would be my colleagues problem. 

As I go through everything the EK hangs around but at least he doesn't bang on the glass again so I just wait for him to move off once he gets bored. Though as I get the boxes out to check the hamster over and box it up the EK realises the hamster he wants is being sold and runs off to EP who is talking to my colleague crying about how I am selling the hamster. 

FM#1: Poor kid... Guess his mum should have brought him earlier on. 

FM#2: Pretty sure he should be in bed now anyway 

Me: I wish I was in bed right now 

We joke a little and I get everything ready when all of a sudden something touches my ass (I'm kneeling down at this point and think I maybe brushed my heel against my ass for a moment but it was a lot more pressure than that) 

I look back and the EK is stood there, his hand still on my ass so I scoot forward and swing round, locking the cage door as I go so the hamster doesn't escape. 

Me: Where is your mum? You really shouldn't touch people like that kid. 

EK: I want that hamster... 

Me: I am selling the hamster to these people so you if you want one it will have to be a different one.

FM#2: Go find your mum little guy

EK: It is mine. Mummy says I can have what I want! Give it me! 

The kid starts crying and reaches forward and grabs my chest area and squeezes my breasts repeatedly in a groping like motion, not as if grabbing my shirt, causing me to jump up just as my manager is walking over looking very confused as to why a kid was touching me at all (She knows I am not fond of kids at all) 

FM#2: Where's his mum gone? (They looks round for her, annoyed as it is getting towards closing and obviously I should have been done by now with this sale). 

M: Everything alright?

Me: The kid has grabbed me twice... 

FM#1: Groped her, not like he grabbed your hand

Me: He grabbed my bum and just now my chest

Just then the EM walks over to her crying son who latches onto to her leg before she picks him up. 

EM: What did you did to my kid? (She sounded rather annoyed)

M: He inappropriately touched my employee twice. 

She laughs. The woman actually laughs at the fact her spawn groped me! 

EM: He likes grabbing people to get there attention or for comfort, especially ladies with big breasts. He is a kid, it's not weird. (I will note I have DDs but they are not what I would consider big) 

FM#2: It's weird for anyone under 16 (Our age of consent) to grab a grown woman's ass. 

EM: And who are you? 

M: Why don't we go over here and my employee can finish the sale. 

The EM seems to see sense and walks off, putting the EK down as she goes (He looks 5/6 and not very light). However she doesn't hold EKs hand or anything so he whirls back round and trys to get past me to the hamsters cage, pushing me, harshly grabbing at me, getting my hip (Close to my crotch) which hurts so I shift and the EM is chuckling a little and leaves it a moment before she gets her kid off of me.

Me: Ouch! That hurts, can you please stop. (I move away from him as it hurts, the EK has decent nails on him)

EM: He is just tired and wants a hamster. I think your over-reacting. 

M: I am going to have to ask you to leave. We are closing soon and your sons actions are making people uncomfortable. 

The EM huffs and actually leaves muttering which is nice she didn't yell but I am a little shaken that she thought it was funny for her kid to touch me in such a way. 

I finish the sale, the couple rather shocked a kid acted in that manner and the lady makes sure I am OK before they pay and leave with their new pet. 

My manager drove me home that night as well. She said she'd seen older men and women grope her employees before but never kids. And I had been groped before whilst I worked in healthcare but not by a kid. When an older man with dementia who also had a stroke grabs you and makes a comment about nurses it is easy enough to brush off. And no one ever laughed thinking it was funny either, especially the families if they ever saw their loved one doing it. 

Anyway, that's it. Happy to say EP and EK has never been back in whilst I am on shift. 

EDIT: So I am sat in bed asking my parnter what reddit silver award means and he just stares at me and explains it when I show him the message so THANKS!!! 

EDIT 2: I am the kind of person who likes to reply to every comment I can but it just isn't possible I never expected this to really get much attention at all! I am OK. Thanks to everyone for asking and for those giving advice thanks, I have noted the legal stuff down. Also those asking about the hamster his new owners come in now and then and he is doing well! 

EDIT 3 (Final): Reddit Gold! OMFG, not something I ever expected. Thanks everyone for the comments and messages and advice! I will try and reply if and when I can so sorry if I miss your comment! Thank you everyone!!! Also here is the link to the goldfish story for those asking https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/avoi89/no_you_are_not_getting_a_goldfish_em_demands_pets/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share/nSorry, it seems this post was deleted by someone. So here’s an re upload 

Good Morning, Night or After noon where ever you live, I hope you’ve had a great Easter and enjoyed your small holiday.

Forgive me but this is my first post to reddit and was pushed by my Fiancée to do so. Here’s my story.

Backstory: I was on a trip to this place called Rotorua, located in New Zealand. I live in the UK. 
I’d taken my fiancée overseas for a Easter celebration of sorts. I though the best way to do it was to have a relaxation trip. Now Rotorua is known for their great mud baths and just baths all around so me and my fiancée decided to take one. I’m 28 and my fiancé is 26 or though she may not look to be that old.

EM: Entitled Mother
EK: Entitled Kid
F: Fiancée
Me: Myself
J: John (friend) 

I booked a mud bath for the two of us and we went in. Not too long after I got out to buy some drinks and told my fiancé she should stay and relax. When I came back, there was a kid around 19 standing next to the mud bath. This was a room that clearly said occupied and my fiancée was using a open robe type bathing suit.

F: Why are you in here?

Ek: The public pool is full and definitely not with hot chicks. On the other hand... these rooms seem to be empty with some *checks her out* thing else.

F: Sorry but-

Me: *Puts hand on his shoulder from behind

Ek: The fuck man who are you? And don’t just bust into rooms like that! This rooms taken

Me: Yes I know, taken by my fiancée right?

Ek: What?- You?-

Me: Yes, and if you’ll excuse us, we would like to be left alone

Ek: She’s wasted on a person like you, look at you. *Turns to my fiancé* Is he worth it? You could do much better

Me: Watch your mouth, if I’m not worth it, then you certainly can’t come close to being worth anything

Ek: *ignores me* Listen babe, this poor fuck probably can’t even afford to give you a room to yourself

F: I would rather be in a room with him hence this room you busted into. And did you really call him a poor fuck? I can’t see why you would say that.

Ek: look, he might not be poor in your world, but in mine? Did you see the limo parked in the reserved parking?

F: you mean the black one that’s unnecessarily expensive?

Ek: That’s mine

Me: Hahahahha- 

Ek: Whats so funny?

Me: I’m sorry, I just can’t imagine a drunk teen driving a limousine around for fun

Me: Hey F, sorry to cut this short but wanna get out now?

F: *Sigh* K I’m getting out 

At this time there’s a knock on the door and I open it

J: Si-

Ek: Who the hell are you?

J: My, I thought I had heard someone bothering you young-

Me: No worries but we’re getting out now could you please help me get this guy out?

J: Then as you’ve heard please leave now

Ek: *mumbles and John grabs his arm to pull him out* DON’T TOUCH ME YOU OLD FUCK

(John was in his early sixties)

J: Then please just get out

Ek: This isn’t over you fucking commoner

He leaves and we get changed, we are heading out to the parking with John and the same Ek comes over to us with Em. The Em was wearing a gold plated watch and a Gucci bag. You know shits about to go down if a forty year old woman is wearing Gucci.

Em: I heard you tried to take this girl away from my son you dirty commoner

Me: Ma’am we’re leaving so please an you- 

Ek: Fuck off, Hey F let’s go my cars that way-

He goes to grab F 

F: No! *Tiny scream*

I grabbed his wrist and twisted it

Ek: FUCKING SHIT YOU TRIED TO KILL ME YOU COMMON WEALTH DIRT BAG

Em: NO! DON’T YOU DARE LAY YOUR FILTHY HAND ON MY SON! 

she goes to hit me with the Gucci handbag and I grab it mid swing.

Em: ROBBERY! THIS MAN IS ROBBING ME!

The bath staff showed up to clear up the mess, they had cameras so they knew instantly who came in the wrong.

Me: That was a night wasn’t it

F: I’m tired 

J: My sincere apologies sir, I should’ve been there next to you

Me: It’s Easter John! Don’t mind it, you need holidays too

John gets in the driver seat, now fully dressed as an butler, and we pull out of the reserved parking with my limousine (Classic Stretch) and 
pass by the the two ‘dirty common wealth’.

I lowered my windshield. And waved to them.


This is indeed my first post on my shared account and I do very much hope so that you all enjoyed an encounter of me with an entitled parent.

Hope you all celebrated a great Easter with your family. And enjoy one last day off with your loved ones. I know I have./n———————————————————————
Alright so last week I was riding the subway to work. A couple of minutes later, a mother and her son get on the seat next to me. The kid must have been tired, because after a while he fell asleep with his head in my lap. Now, I was completely ok with the kid falling asleep on me, but it’s what the mom did that made me mad. This is a simplified version of the conversation we had.
———————————————————————
Me: “Hey sorry but I’m going to need to get off soon.”

Entitled Mother: “Why, just wait a little longer until he wakes up.”

Me: “I can’t. My stop is coming up and I can’t be late for work.” (It was one of my first few days at a new job)

EM: “I don’t think you understand that my kid is tired and you waking him up is going to upset him.”

Me: “I’m sorry but I really do need to leave.”

EM: “Fine, go back to your prostitution business then. That has to be the only thing you can do with chubby thighs and unnecessarily big boobs.” (I’ve always been on the more well-proportioned side of the spectrum.)

Me: “Um.” (Because of her comment about my body I start to blush and look away.)

EM: “See. You’re looking away because you know I’m right.”

Me: “Why would a prostitute go to work on 8 AM on a Thursday.” (I start to shake the kid awake after this)

EM: “Whatever, see you slut. And stop holding my kids hand you pedophile.” (The kid woke up and started to hold my hand)

Me: “Well this is my stop so I have to go.” (Waves at kid) “bye bye.”

Kid: “Bye.”
———————————————————————
What I hate about most of these stories is that kids are involved. The boy on my lap seem really cute and sweet, but will probably be poisoned by the ignorance of his mother. Kinda makes my sad when I think about it.
———————————————————————
/nThe recent post by  [u/kindredflame](https://www.reddit.com/user/kindredflame)  reminded me of this story from when I was young. TLDR at the end.

&#x200B;

This was back in the days when you'd play with whichever other children you could find in your neighbourhood until the street lights came on, and then you'd run home before your mother started yelling for you to come in for dinner.

&#x200B;

I lived in one of the fairly nice homes in a newly built street where all of the homes were more or less the same and all had a pool, including ours. A few streets away, the houses were much less new but I would frequent the park in the center of them. I made friends with another girl (Friend1) who lived next to the park. Her house did not have a pool, so on hot days she would knock politely on our door and bring a snack for us to share and we would play in my pool for hours.

&#x200B;

There was another girl (EK), a bit younger than us, who would occasionally join us playing in the park. She lived another few streets away from the park but Friend1 was familiar with her and her large family of brothers and sisters who were both much older and younger than her. Friend1 was very kind and would let EK play with us, but would never let her follow us back to her house and discouraged me from doing the same. Friend1 told me that she and EK had been really good friends the previous year, but EK had stolen her favorite Barbie and had never given it back.

&#x200B;

A few weeks later, EK and I had become good friends despite Friend1's warning. On a very hot summers day, I invited both Friend1 and EK over to enjoy the pool. Friend1 showed up with her usual snacks and toys for us to share, but when EK showed up, she appeared at our side gate with not one, but five members of her family - two of her younger siblings (maybe around 5 years old) and her two older siblings (a teenager and another a few years older than us), all of whom ignored me and barged straight past me to dive into the pool and started playing around and making a mess.

&#x200B;

I remember I was a little stunned and went inside to let my mother know we would need more sausages on the BBQ for lunch for my friends. Of course she wanted to know why, I could only tell her that EK had brought some friends. My mother was stunned and asked me if I had invited them, when I said no, she stormed straight outside and told them that only EK was invited, that she was fine to stay but that that they were rude to invite themselves and there was no way it was safe for the two five year olds to be unsupervised. I remember the teenager had a few words to say but my stepfather stepped in and told them to go home. EK was dragged out by the teenager and left scowling daggers at me.

&#x200B;

A few days later Friend1 told me a lot of the nasty things EK had been saying about me to her and the other children who lived in the area. I was so upset that I told my mother, who immediately took me over to EK's house to talk it out.

&#x200B;

EK's mother (EM) answered the door, I remember she invited us in and I remember both mothers insisted we children apologise to each other for any mean words and that it was just a misunderstanding etc etc all better now. EK and I played awkwardly for a little while while our mothers chatted and had tea (as mothers do).

&#x200B;

Less than a week later, my mother, stepfather and I returned from being out for the day and heard whooping and yelling and loud music in our back yard. We walked in to find the back gate wide open, and EK and her entire family (I mean, herself, her siblings, mother, aunts, uncles, at least 20 people) all fully clothed, messing around in our pool. There was food and rubbish and bottles absolutely everywhere.  I remember my stepfather going red and immediately start yelling for them to get the hell off our property.

&#x200B;

I missed most of the argument, my mother sent me away so I couldn't hear the language that was being used but I remember EM screaming abuse and calling us names - the G rated version would be "rude white-trash snobs."

&#x200B;

Later my mother explained to me that according to EM, somewhere in their conversation about the "misunderstanding" my mother had somehow given the impression that since EK was welcome in our home, therefore it must be open to their entire family.. so they had decided to celebrate an aunt's birthday in our back yard without asking us. We were terrible people for ruining the aunts birthday party.

&#x200B;

Needless to say, my stepfather had to threaten to call the police before they would leave. EK never spoke to me again and her younger siblings would throw rocks and sticks etc at Friend1 and I if they saw us at the park.

&#x200B;

TLDR: I made friends with EK and invited her to play with me and another friend in my pool. She invited some of her family and my mother made them leave. My mother and EM met to make sure EK and I apologised to each other and EM decided that if EK was welcome in our home then she and her entire family were too. We came home one day to find EM had invited their whole family, 20 people, to celebrate an aunts birthday party in our pool without asking us. We had to threaten to call the police before they would leave./nHonestly never thought that I'd have a story that would fit here, but hey, things happen. This happened a couple of days ago, so let's go ahead and get the cast out of the way, shall we?

&#x200B;

EP: Extreme Prick

S-EK: Semi-Entitled Kid (not completely sure if he was at fault at all in this situation, I'll explain more below)

ME: Self explanatory

AC: Awesome Cashier

&#x200B;

For a little bit of context/backstory, my current main means of transportation is a 1970 Schwinn Suburban, with only a couple of modifications (newer chain tensioner , black milk crate zip-tied to the rear for shopping purposes). I ride this bike anywhere that I need to go within a reasonable distance, depending on the weather and temperature.

&#x200B;

Now, I had just gotten to my local gas station/convenience store, intending to buy a spicy hot V8. I rode up to the door, dropped my kickstand, attached my combination lock, and headed into the store. On my way inside, I noticed a man and what I assumed was his son eyeballing my bike through the front window of the store. I didn't really see a problem with them admiring it, so I headed back towards the coolers to grab my V8. On my way to the cashier, I'm approached by the pair that had been admiring my ride.

&#x200B;

EP: "Hey, that's a nice looking bike you have there."

ME: "Thanks, I try to take care of it."

EP: "Any chance you might be willing to part with it? I've been trying to find a decent one for my son." He gestured to his son, who was a few steps behind him, looking hopeful.

ME: "I'm sorry, but no. This is pretty much my only way to get around. You could check the junkyard, a lot of people leave their unwanted bikes there."

EP: "I'm trying to get him a classic ride, not some junked rattletrap. How much for your bike?"

ME: "I told you, it's not available."

&#x200B;

I turned and walked away, heading towards the cashier. I heard the two of them muttering behind me, but I didn't think too much of it. Slight mistake, that.

&#x200B;

I'm midway through the checkout process, when I hear a muffled snap and crack from behind me. I can already see the cashier looking towards the noise, so I just follow her line of sight...to see EP standing outside, next to my bike, vice grip in hand, having just clamped them down onto my combination lock hard enough to shatter the locking mechanism. I immediately ran outside and grabbed my bikes handlebars, as EP latched onto the crate.

&#x200B;

ME: "What the hell, dumbass? I told you, the bike isn't available! Back the hell off!"

EP: "I offered money, and you turned it down! What the hell does a grown man need with a bicycle, anyway? Drive your fucking car!" He then turned a bit towards his son, who was a little ways behind him. "Drop the tailgate, let's get this loaded up." He punctuated this statement with a vicious tug and twist of my bike.

&#x200B;

ME: "You aren't taking my bike, asshole. Hands off, or I call the cops."

EP: "Go ahead, I'll tell them how you stole my son's bike off of our porch!"

&#x200B;

I almost started to shoot back about being able to prove ownership by unlocking the lock, but I stopped myself after remembering what had happened. I honestly didn't know how I was going to be able to prove anything, until AC stepped outside.

&#x200B;

AC: "Go ahead and spin that story for the cops. This guy's a regular, he's in here on that bike nearly every day, and I'll tell them that myself."

&#x200B;

EP sputtered a bit, turned red, and finally let go of my bike. He grabbed S-EK, jumped into a pickup truck that had been parked nearby, and they left.

&#x200B;

After making sure they were gone, I went back inside, finished buying my V8, then rode off back home. The paranoid side of me kept a close eye on my surroundings, worried that EP might follow me from a distance to try for my bike again. Luckily, nothing happened, and I was able to get home. Now I just need a new bike lock.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Here's a picture of my bike, as requested. [https://imgur.com/gallery/RoKvmnM](https://imgur.com/gallery/RoKvmnM)

EDIT 2.0: The combination lock that the EP broke. [https://imgur.com/gallery/BRvoDfm](https://imgur.com/gallery/BRvoDfm)/nOkay so this is my first post here and honestly, I'm sorta new to Reddit but when I told a friend this story he said I had to post it here so... Here it is.

EP: Entitled Parent EK: Entitled Kid
ME: well... Me 
M: my mom
PO: police officer

Okay so this happened about a year ago when we (me and my mom) were having a hard sale, I was going to be heading off to college and mom wanted to make some space in the house, the yard sale was going well until about an hour from when it was supposed to end, enter EP and EK.

EP: (points to my laptop) Ill take that one.

ME: ok, its $100

EP: I don't have that much on me

ME: well, I mean I could do $90

EP: I could give you $10

ME: What!? No, $90 is a really fair price

At this point I was getting a bit annoyed with her and that's when she calls her devil of a child over, the conversation went as follows:

EP: Hey EK do you want this, (again points to laptop)

EK: yes yes yes give it to me

ME: ma'am I already told you the price is $90 and I'm firm on that price

EP: Ok... Well EK lets go.

I wish I could say that's when it ended but no, oh no, I saw EP over looking at another table but EK was nowhere to be found, until I look over at the laptop and see him reaching for it so I run over there.

ME: hey kid, what are you doing?

EK: I want this 

ME: ok... But it's not yours so give it back

At this point he tries to make a run for it but I'm close enough to just grab it from him and I do, BAD MOVE

EP: DID YOU JUST HIT MY SON?!?!?

ME: um.. No, he tried to steal my laptop and so I stopped him

EP: you have no right to touch him, give hin the laptop NOW!!!

ME: no, its mine, if you want to buy it for $90 I'd be happy to sell it to you.


This is when she went absolutely BALLISTIC and when my mom heard all the commotion she came outside

M: what's going on here?

EP: you son stole my sons laptop

M: I'm sorry but I know for a fact that is my son's laptop because I bought it for him

Then EP pushes me and tries to take the laptop, and the laptop falls on the ground and breaks, while this was going on my mom dialed 911 and the cops arrived.

PO: what seems to be the problem?

M: this lady tried to- (gets cut off)

EP: THEY BROKE MY SONS LAPTOP!!!

PO: (turns to my mom) Is this true?

M: NO, this is MY sons laptop 

ME: yes I can prove it (as I had its original box in my closet up stairs) 

PO: ma'am this is clearly their computer

EP: I don't care, my son wanted it

PO: yeah... You are gonna have to pay for a new one

She tried to run but the officer caught her and took her and EK to the station, a couple days later we got the money for a new laptop, and thankfully haven't seen them since

/nOkay, a little bit of backstory, I am almost completely deaf but I have a pair of hearing aids so I can basically hear quiet whispers. I also have a service dog called Piper, she’s a big black lab that I was matched with because I’m very active. Anyway, rules are, when a service dog is wearing their vest you cannot distract them with petting and such.

EM: entitled mother

K: her kid (the kid is young and just curious so I wouldn’t call her entitled)

ME: (me, I’m a 16 year old dude)

So I was in the park just after my morning run and i was walking with Piper home. It was a Saturday morning so I was in no rush to be anywhere. I’m holding onto Pipers harness when she stops and faces towards something (this means that there’s something or something that needs my attention) when I look around, a woman and her kid are walking up to me and the woman doesn’t look very happy. 

The EM looks at me and Piper and kind of thrusts her kid towards me. Now, this girl looks really shy and comes up to me with a scared expression on her face which is actually quite cute. I’m a pretty good lip reader so I can understand most people, but this girl was about four and I presume had a lisp which made me a little slow to decipher her words.

K: excuse me? Can I pet the doggie?

Now, I’m a sucker for a cute face and although you aren’t supposed to let people distract a service dog, I wasn’t in a rush and the pout the girl gave me when it took me a while to respond was heart breaking (I’m basically melted butter at this point) 

ME: okay, but only for a little bit, she’s working and we can’t distract her. 

I smiled at her as her face lit up as she reached over to rub Pipers head. She started being all cute by talking to Piper. I could make out things like “you’re a nice doggie I like you” and “your coat is really pretty” she was talking about Pipers service vest. So we sat around in the grass for a little while as the girl asked me things about my dog. Until...

K: Can we play fetch?

ME: sorry sweetheart but Piper has to stay with me so that she can look after me.
 
The girl then asked why and I explained that my ears didn’t work and she accepted that. St this point I decided that I should probably head home as I’d been out for a while. As turned to leave the EM started tapping my shoulder.

ME: can I help you?

EM: you need to let my daughter play with your dog.

I tried to explain to the mother that I am deaf and that Piper is my service dog so I can’t let her do that. At this point the EM gets mad.

EM: FINE , I’ll give you $50 for him, get a new dog, you can understand me just fine so you’re obviously not deaf, just a retard.

I was shocked. This woman wanted to take Piper, what?

ME: I’m sorry but I can’t do that, I need Piper.

EM: I’ll give you $100 for her

ME: that’s pretty much what it costs to look after her for a month so no thank you.

At this point I just turn and leave but the EM follows and grabs Pipers harness, I wasn’t holding onto it at the time. Piper is very protective and is rather confused so she starts growling at the woman.

EM: that’s okay, once he’s neutered that aggression will fade.

ME: what the EFF lady ( there’s a four year old come on I’m not actually gonna swear dude ) give me my dog back, she’s not even a boy and has already had a histerectomy.

At this point a man walks past with his own dog 
P: friendly passer by

P: is everything okay?

EM: NO, this BRAT is trying to steal my daughters service dog

At this point I’m facing away from P and he must ask after me cause eventually he comes round my side and his eyes land on my hearing aids. Also the kid is trying to get her mum to give Piper back.

P: given your daughter is trying to return the dog and this man is obviously deaf, I think you better return the dog.

EM: FINE, but get ready to hear from my lawyers (seriously? Hear?) 

The EM storms off leaving Piper at my feet so we all go our separate ways after I thank the man for his help.

Sorry this was kinda long but people like that really get on my nerves...

EDIT: I just want to say that someone has been telling me that service dogs cannot be in public if they growl. However, this was the first and only time I have ever heard her growl and the women did grab her rather roughly, she has never growled since so I think that it was justified as either being protective, scared or a little bit hurt. I promise she’s a sweetheart though.

QUICK NOTE: so because this isn’t my account, someone asked what my name was, so hello 👋🏻 my name is Ollie 😊/nHey! So I found this subreddit on YT and just wanted to get this story out. This really does seem like one of the many fake ones and I want to clarify. This is not fake, however this did happen 2 years ago so not everything may be as exact as possible. TL;DR at the bottom.

I have a prosthetic arm due to a car crash when I was 10. I was walking around the grocery store to get some things for my mom when I saw this kid look at me oddly and whispered something to his mom. That is completely normal for me cause I have had the arm for 7 years. I went down another aisle to get some cereal for my sister when the mom comes walking in with the kid whimpering by her side. (In comes EM = Entitled Mom and EK = Entitled Kid)

Me: Hello, can I help you?

EM: Yes. My son was wondering if he could see your arm.

I just assumed he wanted to look at it so i just showed him it, not detaching it from my arm. Just assuming he wanted to look at it. 

EK: \*Grabs my arm and pulls on it\* 

BTW the arm is strapped on tightly so this hurt

Me: \*pulls away from his hand\*

Instantly the little kid starts crying

EM: He just wants to try it on.

This mom clearly doesn't know that you HAVE TO HAVE NO ARM to put it on.

I explain how I can't let him play with him because he could break it and it is a PAIN to get the one I have. 

EM: Let my son play with it! He is extremely careful.

I am getting extremely pissed off and while I tell her he can't play with it for a 3rd time, she tried to rip it off! I was using my actual hand to pry her grip off and while this is happening, 3 people are watching. She continues to pull it until two of the fingers (pointer and middle) come flying off into her hand. The bolt was pulled out and fell onto the floor. She just stands there for like 10 seconds when 2 employees run in and check out the situation. When the employees ran in, she and her son bolted, still holding the fingers. I then finish checking out and go to my mom. While we were talking in the car, we saw the mom and kid walking on the sidewalk. I tell my mom to stop the car and I run over to her, snatch the fingers from the kids hands, and quickly take out my phone and take a photo of the mother. She screams at me calling me a peice of shit, spoiled brat, etc. We then went home and reattached the fingers. The moral of this story is to treat the handicapped limbs, wheelchairs, etc. with respect. They are not just things but extensions to us handicapped. 

TL;DR: Entitled brat tries to steal my prosthetic arm while mom watches. Breaks fingers off.

Edit: Since I didn’t clarify, when she pulled my fingers off she pulled the pin that holds my finger in place which then let the fingers slide off.

Edit: The police got involved, I drew a sketch of her and her son but I never found them.

Edit: Thank you all for 3k upvotes! This  is extremely helpful for me. I posted this 2 months ago and it got 6 upvotes and I didn’t know why so I tried to repost it and somehow got so much more! Thank you all!/nOkay, so this isn't as crazy as some of the others, but I wanted to add my EP story.

It's morning recess, and a bunch of classes are outside, and I'm just hanging out with my friends. We're playing with the jump rope - we loved double dutch (jumping with two jump ropes). 

Anyway, I'm one of the holders during this turn, and while I'm swinging the rope around, EK comes out and just squeezes my boob. At first, I wasn't sure what happened. Then he did it again, so I let go of the rope and swung at him. 

I was small and not very strong, so it was literally just a slap even if my hand was a fist. EK just laughed and ran off. I figured, good, he won't be back. Yeah. Sigh.

He came back near the end of recess and did it again. This time I kicked his shin. It hurt, I'm sure, but like I said, small and not strong. He just flinched and grunted then laughed again.

The next day I get called down to the principal's office. I see my dad, EK, and EK's EP. My dad looks livid, so I get a little scared.

Principal: "I heard you punched and kicked EK. As you know, this is grounds for suspension."

EP: "I think she should be expelled."

Principal: "Now hold on, let me ask for her side of the story." She turns to me. "So did you hit EK?"

Me: "Yeah. I did."

EP: "I told you. My kid doesn't lie."

Principal: she seemed a little confused. "Why? This isn't like you." (I was one of those nerdy goody two shoes).

Me: "He grabbed me here" I point to my chest, "and I didn't like it. He wouldn't stop."

Principal: She has this shocked look. I don't think she was expecting that answer. "Excuse me?" 

My dad looked even angrier if that was possible.

EP: "Ugh, he was just being a boy."

My Dad: "I'm sorry, but he's 12. He knows better by now." He's like clenching his teeth while saying this.

Then he calms a little and he turns to me: "I'm proud of you honey, you did the right thing, and you're not in trouble with me no matter what happens here."

EP: "It is NOT okay! She hit my son!"

My dad: "She was defending herself. I'm happy she stood up for herself." 

EP: "Well, if your daughter didn't jump and flaunt her stuff, it wouldn't have happened!"

My dad: "Excuse me?" he starts to get red again

EP: "Yeah, teach her to act like a lady. She has no business teasing my son with her body."

My dad: "I WILL FUCKING --"

EK: "Yeah man, she was jumping around and stuff."

Me: "It's double dutch!"

EP: "Well, then, maybe don't do it if you're causing boys to touch you?"

(Me, EP, EK all said our parts at the same time so like overlapping each other).

My dad: "SHE'S NINE YOU STUPID BITCH!"

EP goes pale. You could tell EK left out or fudged this little detail. What she says next just told me EK was going to grow up to be a garbage person no matter what.

EP: "You couldn't have grabbed a girl your age?!"

Principal: "EP, he shouldn't grab ANY GIRL at ANY AGE."

Yeah, I was one of those unlucky girls who developed early but still, I had an obvious kid face and I was super short. 

The principal was just sitting in her chair completely shocked by all of this. She excused my dad and me, telling me I was not in trouble. My dad was so proud of me. He took me out for ice cream and said if I ever felt like I needed to defend myself, do it. 

EK ended up not being able to have recess for the rest of the time he was in elementary school. He had to stay inside and do work. I moved away three years later, so I don't know what happened to him.

Just wanted to add: It shouldn't matter how old the girl is, it's never okay.

Explanation: I was in elementary school (Primary for those outside of the US). It was K-6th (ages 5-12). I was in 3rd grade, he was in 6th.

EDIT: Lots of people asked what happened to him. I got curious so I googled.

Nothing on him, but his brother...

Statute: AGGRAVATED CRIMINAL SEXUAL ABUSE/VICTIM 13-16, Victim's age: 16, Offender's age: 31, Conviction County: WILL, 

EDIT EDIT: Thanks for the silver, kind stranger. /n(Potential Trigger Warning - Suicide Reference)

Normal intro stuff. First time post. Mobile. Etc etc. Not going to bother with naming the cast because you’re all smart people. I think. 

So for a while I had been struggling with both depression and anxiety, with support from professionals and friends etc. I’m getting better now but it’s still there. The backstory to this event is that I had had a breakdown a few months prior and had overdosed and then cut my arms fairly considerably. Ended up in hospital but made it. 

A few months after this, I was feeling happier and more confident for the first time in a long time, and went out to a restaurant with a friend to treat myself. It was a warm day so I wore a T-Shirt which meant my scars were on display, and felt pretty good about myself that I had enough self-confidence to actually have them on display. 

After a while I noticed this kid at another table staring at my arm, while was already enough to put me on edge a little, but I ignored it because kids stare at stuff, you know? So whatever. He then said something to his EP, and already my chest was getting tight because I could sense some level of bitchery about to happen. The EP turns around and leans across to me:

EP - Sorry can you cover up your arms? My son doesn’t like looking at them. 

Me - It’s too warm in here 

EP - We really don’t want to see that sort of thing

Me - What do you mean?

EP (gestures to my scars) - All that mess

Me - (silent stare as I feel more and more tense)

EP - OH come on. I don’t want my son to think it’s something cool. You should really hide those so people don’t get upset 

*I’ve gone quiet at this point because this has already upset me and I can feel a panic attack coming in. My friend also notices this*

F - Leave him alone. It’s none of your concern 

EP - All I want is for him to hide those disgusting scars. 

F - Lady, try thinking before you speak. You’re upsetting my friend. 

EP - All I wanted was a simple request. If he doesn’t want people to comment on it then he shouldn’t expose himself 

Me (exploding in tears) - Sorry. I’ve been a bit too busy with fucking trying to kill myself to look after my appearance. 

EP - Well that was unnecessary! How rude! 

F - Go. Away. 

EP - He’s the one making us uncomfortable. Can’t you just take him away? He probably won’t be here much longer anyway. 

*At this point I’m unsure if she means in the restaurant or...the other thing. Either way I’ve had enough, and I walk out of the restaurant, in tears with a panic attack hitting me hard. My friend had a word with the waiter to make sure they didn’t think we were dining and dashing and they said to take all the time we needed.*

Sorry there’s no satisfying payoff here. No police. No arrests. No comeuppance. Just a bitch who ruined my day./nBackround:

A couple times a year we take our 25 H.P. rubber boat and we go out on the rivers. Last saturday was one of them. My sister takes sewing lessons and one of her project was to make something clothe relateble such as what she made a dress. She is very happy with it.

&#x200B;

Roles:

Me: me

Brother: B 

Sister: S

My dad: Md

My mom: Mm

Entitled mom: Em

Annoying kid: Ak

&#x200B;

Story:

As I said we were on the waters with our boat.

Then another boat came along and the older women around 50 years old (Em) said: Where did you get that dress? My daughter really likes it. 

Mm: sorry my daughter made that herself you can't buy it anywhere online.

S: Thanks, nice that you like it.

Em: well that dress seems to nice to be made by someone of 10 years old.

Me: could see that my sister didn't like that cause she really made it.

Mm: sorry but could you please go away we're trying to have a good day out here.

Ak: Mooooooooooomy I really want that dress.

Em: don't worry, I got this.

Mm: no, you aren't going to get the dress.

Me and B: looking each other in the eyes like what the actual F\*ck is going on here. Normally mom is alsways that nice on here and now she's getting quite mad, but we looked away with the look of; we understand it.

Mm: com on lets go away and go further with our day I don't want to get it spoiled anymore.

Md: Starts the motor back up and start to go away.

Em: Don't let them get away, she really wants that dress and I am going to get it her.

they had a faster and bigger boat so in no time they got back to us and then this happned.

Em: littery jumps on our boat, walks angrilly to my sister and tries to take of my sisters dress, beacause we were with boat she had swimmingclothes on but still.

She didn't succeed at it, and my father pushed her off the boat and we went away.

&#x200B;

At the end of the day we went to eat something and everything was alright. But it was definately an weird experience./n*Sam L Jackson voice*  I have had it with these mothafuckin Karens on this mothafuckin plane!

Here's some background info. I go to university in Florida but my family lives in New Jersey and I fly back and forth between the two a lot, so it was only inevitable that I run into an EM on a plane at some point.

One more quick bit about me before we actually get into the story. I'm twenty-one years old, but when I'm clean shaven (which is really rare) I look significantly younger, and it just so happens that I felt like shaving a few hours before my flight. This sounds like an obscure detail but trust me, it comes into play later when Karen mistakes me for a teenager.

Cast

ME: obviously.

Karen: obviously.

FA: flight attendant

RP: random passenger on the other side of the aisle

AD: army dude

This happened in the first week of May when my spring semester ended. I never pay the extra money to choose my own seat so this always results in me getting one assigned to me (I was flying with spirit, I usually fly with them or Frontier and this is how seating works for them) so most of the time I end up in a middle seat since all the people who choose their own seats would obviously never pick that. However, I was lucky enough to score a window seat this time. This is an extremely popular opinion but the window seat is my favorite plane seat.

Enter Karen and her son. Karen looks exactly how you would expect, and her son is most likely no older than eight years old. Neither of them made any effort to greet me or introduce themselves, which I didn't mind one bit since I didn't try to talk to them either. I was already playing the Binding of Isaac on my Nintendo switch with earbuds plugged in, which clearly signaled that I wasn't in the mood to socialize. (My flight was pretty early in the morning and I was tired as shit.) Karen sat in the aisle seat and her son sat in the middle, between us.

Now, for those of you who have never heard of the Binding of Isaac, it's an M-rated video game, and it does feature a decent bit of blood, but the graphics are very cartooney and mild. It shouldn't even be rated M if you ask me. (Although I have had people disagree with me on this so maybe I just have really good tolerance.) But not if you ask Karen. Cause about a half hour into the flight, I feel a tap on my left shoulder. (I was sitting on the right side of the plane.) I took my left earbud out and turned to Karen, and that's when this conversation started:

Me: Yeah? What's going on?

Karen: Excuse me, would you mind playing a different game?

Me: Why?

Karen: My son is watching you play and that game is creeping him out, it isn't appropriate for him.

Me: It's the only game I have so there isn't really anything I can do about that.

(Of course this was a cold-faced lie. Ask anyone I've ever talked to, if I have one defining characteristic, it's my active and enthusiastic hobby of game collecting. But Karen didn't need to know that. I just didn't see the reason to let the way I entertain myself be dictated by an eight-year-old, especially one that I've never met and never will meet again.)

Karen: Sure there is, you can stop playing.

Me: And sit here for two hours staring out the window with no other way to entertain myself? If it's all the same to you, I'd rather not.

At this point Karen is starting to raise her voice.

Karen: Well it's NOT the same to me! You need to learn to be aware of children around you.

Now, a bit more background information about myself. I spent a lot of my time growing up around my little brother and a lot of other children in my family who were considerably younger than me, and every time I wanted to do something I enjoyed, my parents would always  make me dumb it down somehow because I "needed" to include the other kids. So long story short, I've really grown to resent commands like this, and hearing one from a stranger caused me to grow especially hostile.

Oh yeah, and I hate kids.

Me: No, I don't. Your son needs to learn that the world doesn't revolve around him and not to poke his nose around where it doesn't belong.

In hindsight I was a pretty big asshole, but I don't exactly have the greatest social skills in the world. Also, Karen was an asshole first and a much bigger one, as you'll see later on in the story, so I like to think I was justified.

Karen: How dare you talk back to an adult that way!

Me: I give my peers the same amount of respect that they give me. I've done nothing but sit here and mind my own business and I would appreciate the same courtesy.

Karen: I'm not one of your stupid "peers," I'm not a teenager!

Me: Those statements contradict each other. I'm an adult too.

Karen: No you're not!

Me: Are you trying to argue with me over my own age?

Karen: Then prove it to me!

Of course, my first idea was to just say no and try to drop this foolish conversation. But then I realized that she would probably keep bugging me if I did, and my best chance at ending this was proving her wrong, so I took out my driver's license. I began to reach over to hand it to her, but I was barely halfway through the motion before she impatiently snatched it from my hand.

Karen: This is fake! My husband is a cop! I'm having you arrested when he picks us up at the airport!

Me: Well it's real so have fun wasting both of our families' time.

Now, in Karen's defense, I was named after my dad, who was named after his dad, who was named after HIS dad, so my name does sound like that of an old person and is very rare in my generation, so I guess it's somewhat plausible for her to think that I got a fake ID with an older person's information on it.

Karen: No it's not! I bet you use this to get into bars just like everyone else your age!

Me: Well yes, I do use my ID to get into bars, and so do most other twenty-one-year-olds, so that makes perfect sense to me.

Karen: Shut the fuck up you criminal! I'm not giving it back!

Me: That's some intense language. You need to learn to be aware of children around you.

Karen was clearly furious but didn't even want to entertain me with a response, so I didn't say anything else either. At this point she was quite literally stealing my ID, and I obviously had to do something about it, so I decided to wait for a flight attendant to come by so I could tell them what was going on. In the meantime I decided to continue playing the Binding of Isaac, knowing full well that this would piss Karen off, since it was the original root of the situation, and it visibly did. However, instead of saying something to me again, she decided to push the button that summons flight attendants. In hindsight, I should have done that when she stole my license, but I forgot that was an option at the time.
I have my earbuds attached to the game as usual, but this time the volume is all the way down so I can eavesdrop while looking like I have no idea what's going on.

Enter FA.

Karen: Excuse me, that kid in the window seat is disturbing my son. Please make him stop.

FA: *looks at me skeptically* He doesn't look like he's disturbing anyone.

Karen: Yes he is! He's playing an inappropriate game and my son is watching! Make him stop!

FA: There isn't a policy against video games as long as they're in airplane mode. If your son doesn't like the game he shouldn't be watching it.

Karen is probably about to say something but now I decide to but in.

Me: Does that mean that there ISN'T a policy that allows someone to steal my driver's license if I'm playing a game that she deems inappropriate?

FA: Um... no.. there's nothing like that.

Me: Well clearly she didn't get the memo.

FA: *turns to Karen* Ma'am, did you steal his driver's license?

Karen: What?! No! How dare you accuse me of such a thing! Are you really gonna believe a stupid kid over me?!

I give FA a smirk and she shoots me back an understanding smirk. At this point she realizes that she'll need to appease Karen until the time is right.

FA: Okay, ma'am, give me a few minutes to speak to the captain. I'll see what I can do about your situation.

FA walks away and comes back to our row a few minutes later.

FA: There's a seat available in first class (or whatever spirit calls those seats.) I'm usually not allowed to usher passengers there, but we can make an exception after what you've had to deal with.

Karen: Oh, thank God! This rotten teenager has been ruining my flight!

FA: I wasn't talking to you, ma'am. *Looks over at me* sir, would you like to move up to first class with no extra charge?

I flash a douchey grin at Karen, then look to FA and subtly shrug as I say - 

Me: Well, if you insist, how can I say no?

FA: Great. And also, ma'am, it would probably be in your best interest to give him back his driver's license.

Karen: He's lying! Why would I want a teenager's ID?

Enter RP who stands up and starts talking to FA.

RP: Excuse me ma'am, I've been listening to what's been going on. This woman demanded to see his ID and then loudly announced that she wasn't giving it back.

Karen: He's lying! *turns to RP* Of COURSE you would take his side, you SEXIST! Now shut up and mind your own goddamn business!

Now two other nearby passengers stand up and start to take my and RP's side. And the best part? They're both women. Now Karen can't even play the sexism card.

FA: If you stole his driver's license, please give it back before you create more problems for us and our passengers and get arrested for theft when we land in Atlantic City.

Karen: You can't arrest me! My husband is a cop and he's waiting for me at the airport!

FA: Then can you imagine how upset he would be when the first thing he has to do when he sees you is arrest you? Now, please make everyone's lives easier and give the license back so that no other trouble has to start.

Karen reluctantly gives me back my ID without even making eye contact. FA escorted me to my new seat, next to AD. While I was on the way, she told me that I could probably press charges against Karen for attempted theft and disturbing the peace with her (FA) and a handful of passengers as witnesses, but I just shrugged it off and decided it wasn't worth it. Sure, Karen is a horrible person, but I have nothing to gain from having her arrested and disturbing the lives of the witnesses to possibly have part in a court case.
Anyway, I sit down next to AD. He pretty much looks exactly how you would expect. In full uniform, buzz cut, the whole nine yards. Of course as soon as I sit down I shake his hand, thank him for his service, all that good stuff. I also apologize that I had to disrupt his privacy because of an EM.

AD: *chuckles* Nah man, don't worry about it.

AD was actually very interested in hearing about what happened with me and Karen, so I told him pretty much everything I've written above and he got an absolute kick out of it. Turns out he had also been a pretty big gamer before going into the military so we had quite a bit to talk about in the remaining hour and forty-five minutes of the flight.

That's pretty much the story. The rest of the flight was pretty enjoyable. Kind of an anticlimactic ending, but oh well.

I still don't regret not appeasing that brat./nCast-

Me - me
Entitled Mother - EM
Realistic Father - RF

This happened approximately 10 minutes ago

Standing in line at a restaurant popular with families due to having a play area inside and a park outside, the late lunch rush has just started, when we (me, partner and 1 year old) came in it was quiet but when I went to the till to order there was a pretty sizeable queue.

A few minutes later a large family barrel in, pushchairs, excited kids and the entourage that comes with.

I’m passing time on my phone but one ear is overheating their conversation:

EM - see I told you it would be busy, what a joke, you take the kids, go find a table and I’ll join the queue now, come back with their order
RF - *didnt make it out*
EM - no it’s fine just take the kids I’ll sort it
RF - *something*20 minutes, don’t worry we can-
EM - but the kids want to play, it’s fine.
*taps me on shoulder*
EM - excuse me but we are in a hurry, I don’t suppose you could let us order in front of you do you?

Now bear in mind, there are at least 3 other people infront of ME, so even if I decided to allow this, that’s only one battle, but for I decided to say this

Me - if you were in a hurry, you shouldn’t have come to a restaurant.

shockedpikachu.jpg

RF - *laughs* he has a point babe, come on let’s go to *fast food establishment*

EM - what the hell, why won’t you let us past you?

Me - because I don’t want to, sorry but it’s busy, I’ve already been waiting 5 minutes and don’t want to make my Mrs and our baby wait another 10 minutes because you were in a hurry.

During this time they opened a second till and I was actually served straight after

Still stood by my point >.>

UPDATE EDIT: it’s been half hour ish, they MISSED THEIR TRAIN HOME AND CANT GET THE KIDS OUT OF THE PLAY AREA HAHAH

They are shooting me eye daggers atm, love my life/nI'm writing on PC so you can point out whatever I get wrong :)

Background info: I'm currently a 2nd degree black belt in Taekwondo. My parents **own** a restaurant near my karate place, so I like to help my mom out in the restaurant after I finish my lesson, and I usually get a free meal :)

Now, I'm not going to waste your time telling you who ME, EM, and EK is, but here are the roles you might not know

M: mom

KZ: waitress

ok let's start

So, it was a Tuesday at half past 6, so I'd go to the restaurant now with my grandma. I got there, greeted everybody, and asked my dad for a meal. Then, I went out to take customers to tables and I asked whether they needed something or not. Enter EM:

ME: Hello, do you need anything?

EM: actually yes. I want to ask why you are messing around in this restaurant.

Now, this restaurant's uniform was all black, and I was wearing the usual TKD uniform with my belt. My parents don't mind, and neither do the other customers and workers.

ME: Oh, ma'am, I'm not messing around. I'd just like to know whether you need anything.

EM: yes. Stop disturbing me and my son! A teenager like you messing in here, how disrespectful! Thinking I'm one of your friends and playing *jokes* on me.

ME: I'm not messing around, I'd just like to know whether you need anything.

KZ notices me

KZ: ma'am, she doesn't have the required uniform since she just got off her lesson, and she is volunteering to help here.

KZ walks away

EK:(who looks 6) How strong are you?

ME: Because I just got off my lesson and I didn't bring any black clothes.

EK: What belt do you have?

ME: Oh, I have a 2nd degree black belt, and I'm ready to get a 3rd degree in May.

EK: How strong are you as a 2nd degree?

ME: Oh, I can do things most people can't and has been trained to have fast instincts. I can also kick and punch really hard.

Now, I think I said it in a boastful way cuz EM just blew up after I finished.

EM: (livid) so you think you can beat us up? How dare you threaten us!

ME: I'm sorry you thought I said it in a boastful way, but I never meant to.

EM: TEENAGERS THESE DAYS! SUCH LIARS!

ME: Ma'am I am not lying, and I'm sorry if you think I am.

EK: MOMMY I WANT HER BLACK BELT!!!!!!!!!!!!

EM: and as a sorry to your rudeness, I'll be taking your belt.

ME: Sorry, no, I trained for 3 years to come this far. Each year costs $3,100 and 3,100x3=$9,300(yes, I'm good at math) and my parents work really hard to get that money, so no. Also, you can't get a replacement belt, but why don't you take your son there so he can start training? **points at the place** Or I can get you a free drink, dessert, or salad if you want.

EM: I don't care about how your parents worked s*o hard* to get that money or how you trained 3 years or you don't get a replacement belt! Just give my *perfect little* ***angel*** your belt! You can just train for another 3 years!

I was shocked at this woman now. Apparently, she doesn't care about anyone else other than her ***perfect little angel*** and herself! Also, she started raising her voice so people are starting to notice. And I can't believe that she literally *ignored* the part about free food. WHO CAN REJECT FREE FOOD?! Meh, just a little interesting fact.

ME: (raising my voice a bit too) Well, you don't have the right to force me into giving your son the belt!

EK: WAAA MOMMY I WANT IT!

EM literally tries to slap me, but as I said, I've got fast instincts so I block her.

EM: THIS LADY TRIED TO ASSAULT ME!

M comes over

M:(In Chinese since we are Chinese) \[insert name here\], what did you do?

I briefly explained about what happened in Chinese

M: (in English) Sorry ma'am, but my daughter said you tried to slap her so she grabbed you hand as self-defense. She never assaulted you. My daughter cannot give you her black belt, as she is training really hard each year for a price.

EM: I WANT TO TALK TO THE MANAGER!

M: I ***am*** the manager.

EM suddenly turns pale white like snow

EM: I-I WANT TO TALK TO THE BOSS!

M: Well, my husband's the boss, so lets see whether he believes his daughter and wife less or more than a customer.

EM turns red as a tomato suddenly and storms out without paying. Note that she already had ordered a lobster, so we had to contact the cops about her. When we got there, she literally tried to ***kick*** me, but I blocked her along with a punch. the police saw and didn't say anything, since it, again, was self defense. They checked the cameras and found what she's said. I'm not in trouble, so it's a troublesome ***and*** happy day.

P.S: I've had lots of EP experiences since I live in a rich town, but this by far was the most outrageous, at least to me. If yall want more, I'll be more than happy to post :)

Edit 1: spelling :P

Edit 2: Thanks for helping me reach 1K karma! I know it's probably very few but to me it's actually a lot! Thanks to yall :)

Edit 3: If you want to criticize me, that's fine. Just don't make it sound so rude. Treat others how you'd want to be treated. You wouldn't want to be said that you're a liar. Instead say "this sounds a bit fake." That is still criticism, but it's not that rude.

Edit 4: It's Taekwondo, not karate. Sorry if you're one of the people who got confused!

Edit 5: Holy cow, a *silver*? Thanks random stranger!

Edit 6: A GOLD?! I dunno who'd spend 500 coins on me but TYSM!/nBit of background, I'm an 18 year old Irish guy in Alcudia with some family. Wandered out of the Hotel and into town today, where I first settled in a bar on the beach. 

I walked up and said, "Una Corona por favor." (One Corona please)

The staff handed me the drink without fuss, and I paid and sat down before some woman sits next to me.

I turned around and greeted her, and she asked, "Why were you speaking Spanish if you're clearly not Spanish?" (I'm pale as fuck, probably how she knew)

I replied, "Because that's one of the main languages here, and I don't know any Catalan. Also I'm trying to learn it."

She shook her head and said, "You've got my kid wanting to learn Spanish, and I can't help her. Stop it."

I replied, "There are free ways to learn spanish such as Memrise, which I'm using. Also I'm not in an English speaking country, so I'm not expecting the people to know English and it's an opportunity for me to practise Spanish. Do I moan at you for speaking English?"

She then grabbed my shoulder and told me that I should leave. Not wanting to put up with her, I finished my drink and thanked the bartender (in Spanish) before leaving.

It's a pretty minor one, but I've been lurking on this sub for a while and it was the first thing I thought of when I was leaving the pub./nIm the manager at a local ice cream place that makes everything homemade and I LOVE the place. From the occasional person who orders vanilla to someone stealing a cookie, nothing bad really happens, except for this one time. I was working one day right after opening, me and another worker was in the front with Me, she is vegan (which will make sense later), while working at the register, a woman, looking in her 40’s comes up to her and from what my coworker told me and what I heard:

Mom: Hi, what is the best thing you would recommend?

Coworker: I like the vegan chocolate and vegan cookie dough

The woman the glances at the board, she then looks at my coworker in disgust, the vegan options are a dollar extra because of the ingredients being more expensive. She then says:

Mom: Are you trying to make me pay extra?!

Coworker: Oh I’m sorry, I’m vegan so this is the only thing I can have.

Mom: I am disgusted on how you come up with that excuse to make me pay more for your mediocre ice cream.

I who was listening from the side took great offense to this and stepped into this conversation. 

Me: What seems to be the problem ma’am?

Mom: *reads my name tag* oh good the manager, can you tell this young lady to give me free ice cream for my son because she tried to make me pay for more than I should have.

She thought I didn’t hear them talking and completely lied in my face.

Me: We don’t give out free ice cream I’m afraid to say and there seems to be nothing on the tablet.

Mom: She probably just deleted my order so she doesn’t look bad.

I looked at my coworker, she told she didn’t even touched the tablet, then the mom came out of nowhere and said:

Mom: She is lying! I saw here touch the thing, demand to get my free ice cream now for my son who just really wants some ice cream.

She was practically yelling at us and we were both knowing this is going nowhere.

Me: Ma’am can please leave, we don’t give away ice cream for free and I know your lying

Mom: Fine I will leave but my husband will come back here with my son to talk some sense into your dumb teenage minds

We were both relieved to be free from the ladies wrath. Later that day after my shift, the same coworker texted me, telling me that the father actually came with his son, the dad, as she told me, was apologizing for his wife’s actions and tipped 60 bucks along with buying ice cream. She later venmoed me 30 as a thanks for helping her with the entitled mother.

We never saw that ladie the next few weeks and I hope she never comes back again.

Edit: it has been a week later and I saw the same family, the mom, the dad, and the son come back to the ice cream place and luckily the dad did the talking and left another tip of 5 buckaroos/nFirst of all, this is my first EP story here, so please bear with me 😅 And also, I am sorry that nothing epic happened, and no one was close to dying.

Also, my intention was never to be rude to the kid, and I never wanted to do this intentionally to a kid, it was only the mom who caused a scene.

EM: Entitled mom

NK: Her kid (he was nice)

Me: Me - as simple as that

Beware - it is a few years since it happened so some dialogue might not be totally accurate, but I tried the best I could to remember :)

My friend and I had planned a trip to an amusement park in Copenhagen Denmark, named Tivoli. We were celebrating her birthday and we had an amazing day. We both had school the next day, so we decided to take a few more rides before heading home. We chose the oldest ride of the park, the 100-year-old rollercoaster, of the same name "The Rollercoaster".

We get in line and wait for our turn - like 15 minutes of waiting. We get through the line and get ready to get the best cart possible - I have added a picture of the carts below. My friend and I do, like the others in line for the ride, and quickly gets into the cart, to assure the best seating. We were lucky and the first row seats. We sit down, laugh and are just enjoying our trip. The carts are at this moment almost full. Just as we pulled down the safety-bar, I see a woman standing, staring at us. She is standing with her 7-ish old boy, and she looks really mad.

Me: "Can I help you?"

EM: "Get out of that cart! My baby saw it first"

My friend and I look confusedly at each other. We both saw that NK and EM clearly were behind us in the line and the cart is ready to take off. Because I am closer to the edge, I turn to talk to EM.

Me: "I am sorry ma'am, but the safety belt has been locked. We cannot get out now. I am sure that if you ask the staff, you can get the front seat of the next cart?-"

EM: "HOW DARE YOU BEING RUDE! My son has waited ALL DAY to sit in that cart! Get out!" (NK has started to tug his mom's bag - he looks embarrassed)

NK: "Mom, it is okay, I can just wait for the next one..."

(Just to mention, but the line for this ride is not that bad, and the same goes with the seats. You get through the line in under 10 minutes, and if you want the cart in the front, you can just ask the staff, and wait a turn to get it.)

My friend and I keep trying to get the mom to calm down - which we do not succeed with - she keeps arguing with us, and claiming the cart as hers. Then the ticket guy sees what is going on, and he asks the woman to calm down. She then, furiously, takes a step back with her son and then continues to stare at us, like, really staring into our souls - almost as if we had killed her child. NK is now fire-engine-red in the head, trying to let his mom know that it is okay.

The ride begins, and as we turn around the corner, we can just see EM´s eyes following us through the dark. When the ride is over, and my friend and I are about to leave, we see EM, again, glaring at us and then taking a seat in the front seat cart.

Not as bad of a story, compared to some of the previous stories I have read here, but I hope you enjoyed it. Don't hold back if you have any questions.

A picture of the carts - scroll down the site to see the pictures

[https://www.trae.dk/artikel/rutschebane-af-trae-fylder-100-aar/](https://www.trae.dk/artikel/rutschebane-af-trae-fylder-100-aar/)

&#x200B;

Edit no. 1: People pointed out that the kid was not entitled, and when I remember the day, he seemed like a good kid with an EM, so I have edited his name ti NK (Nice kid)

Edit no. 2: I have also fixed some spelling errors

Edit no. 3: Yes, I know that I have a lot of spelling errors, I wrote the story on my phone with my bad working autocorrect/nSo backstory: this happened a few years ago but i saw another Reddit post that somewhat reminded me of this so here we go. Also, yes I'm on mobile.

Cast: Karen (not her real name obviously)

Me: Me

Mary: Karen's daughter (not entitled, Karen's true victim)

Mom: my mother

Anna: best friend whose known me since preschool

Anna's mom: best friend's mom

GC: Guidance Counselor

Random Dad: some other students dad

I live in the US in a small town and when I was a young kid I was close friends with the girl who lived next door. However, her mother was a little...off to say the least and didnt hesitate to make it obvious her dislike of me and my family. I wouldn't find out why until I was an adult and it was explained to me by another friend whom we'll call Anna. 

Basically, my parents smoke pot. A lot of it, to the point where they would practically be hotboxing the entire downstairs every morning. But both of them are extremely hardworking and successful so I don't blame them. I grew noseblind to the smell but as my friend Anna explained to me when we were older, I would show up to school almost everyday reeking of marijuana even though I never physically touched the stuff until I was an adult.

(I'm also on the autism spectrum but it's hard to notice save for some social awkwardness and inabiliry to make eye contact. However when combined with the smell of pot people assume something else entirely...)

Other parents in our neighborhood noticed it but other than them making random excuses when trying to plan a sleepover at my house, they never treated me any differently. With the exception of my Anna's mom who would always try to bring me to church with them (love you, other mom ❤)

Not Karen. She made it very clear i was beneath both her and Mary and boy, did she let me know it. She always tried to push her to do better than me at everything, even when we were friends. We ended up drifting apart due to differing interests as we got older but there was no animosity, except for Karen. It hurt but i felt more bad for Mary than I did for myself. Karen was batshit crazy strict and abusive to Mary. One of those insane tiger mom helicopter parents. (This will be an important detail later) . it was so bad to the point where if my parents caught us doing something wrong as kids in the backyard, me and my sister would beg our mom not to tell Karen out of fear of what she would do to Mary. And our mom would always agree. 

See here's the thing about Mary. Both Karen, her husband, and Mary's younger sister are very very pale whereas Mary is very very obviously mixed race. Strangely, Karen's husband was the much nicer of the two and seemed to love Mary dearly. I feel bad for him. He was a nice guy but he had this nervous laughter demeanor that some men have when their wife's have made them terrified of everything. I'm convinced the only reason he put up with it is because he loves his daughters so much. 

The state I live in students in public schools have to take a series of standardized test every year up until grade 10. In the final year, the scores of the students are grouped together and the top 25% percent of students are given a tuition waver to any state school of their choosing. 

Come senior year, the scholarship recipients are announced at the end of the year on "Senior Night" with all the students and their parents present. When the names were called, me and a few dozen other students were listed for the tuition waiver. But Mary wasn't. She received a few small grants and I believe a few scholarships, just not that particular one. Well, Karen was furious. 

See, Mary actually had a higher student ranking than me. She was in the top 25% graduating GPAs where I wasnt. This was due to me being really really sick and missing a lot of school first term and struggling to makeup all the work, but I digress. My mom and I were walking out of the auditorium when we see Karen screaming at the guidance counselor. 

Karen: So you're telling me these were decided two years ago?!

GC: Yes, ma'am. That particular scholarship is awarded based on the state standardized test scores which are taken at grade 10.

Karen: So you're telling me all the hard work my daughter did is all useless because some crack baby pot head is good at taking tests?! How do you know she didn't cheat!?

GC: Ma'am, the tests are all held in a controlled room strolled by proctors. Your daughter took the same exact test. Now I'm going to ask you to calm down and lower your voice or i will call the resource officer. 

Karen stares at him for a moment before huffing and storming out, presumably towards her family. I thought that was the end of it, until we got into the parking lot. Me and my mom were going out to dinner with Anna and her mom and our moms were off to the side chatting against Anna's mom's car while me and Anna were sitting in the front seats of my car a few cars down. All of a sudden we hear a tapping on the window. I look up to the ugly face of Karen.

Instinctively and stupidly I roll down the window. 

Karen: So are you excited for you free years of partying before you become a hobo?

Me: excuse me?

Karen: you must be excited. You get to screw around for free, party and do drugs while all the hardworking deserving students lose an opportunity. 

(I should point out now that's now how tuition waivers work. And to maintain this particular scholarship I had to maintain a high GPA.)

Me: I don't party or do drugs.

Karen: don't give that crap! Everyone in town knows who you are and what you do! Its disgusting frankly!

Just as I was about to reply, Anna's and my mom run over.

Mom: Get away from them! Now!

Karen: why? So she can grow up being a half dead zombie like you?

Mom: if you dont get away from my daughter, the only one that's going to be half dead is you. Oh, and another thing: beating your own daughter half to death won't make her grow up to be the same color as your cuck husband!

Karen lunged at my mom but my mom grabbed her arms and slammed her against the side of the car before wailing on her and Anna's mom joined in. Meanwhile, me and Anna were too terrified to get out of the car. After a few minutes, a few men came and pulled Karen away from our moms. But that didn't stop her from screaming.

Karen: I'm going to call the cops! I'm sure they'll like what they find when they search your house!

Random Dad: and i'm sure they'll be very interested in our statements of how you harassed these two girls and then tried to attack their mother. (He probably thought we were sisters)

Another Man: If I were you I would start running real fast. 

She did actually start running but the resource officer caught her before she could get to her car.   He handcuffed her and soon more cop cars show up and start questioning everyone. Luckily enough present saw what happened that my mom didn't get in trouble. 

Karen ended up doing community service and lost her job at a neighboring school district. I guess picking fights on school property isn't a good idea for students nor faculty. 

PS: Mary ended up getting away from Karen and after a hard college partier-I'm finally-free-of-my-crazy-mother- phase she graduated and is doing very well now. 

EDIT: Yes I know what my parents did growing up was wrong too and that's a lesson I'll take with me when I have my own kids. However they did their absolute best to provide for us and because of that we lived very well off. So I can't blame them too much.

[TL:DR]
Entitled mother hates me and my family and makes a scene about me getting a scholarship over her daughter. Gets called out for the rotten human she is, gets her ass beat, and gets arrested./nLight backstory: I previously posted about this mom (she my step aunt)but we met at my cousin's wedding a few years ago and she slapped me for calming down her kid.

(Sorry for the detail and length I feel like it's somewhat necessary)

Ea - Aunt K - her kid (little angel btw) Su - step uncle (Ea's husband) me - who else

So my family had a small get together for a birthday the other day and all of the family was invited. Now since the wedding Ea has been trying to avoid me and every party I attend but she wasn't told exactly who was going to be there. My family got to the party late and when I walked in Ea was standing in front of the door. She immediately gave me a death stare so I just waved politely and walked away. Now her son was in the other room with all of my other cousins. I went to go say hi to the kids and noticed that Su was sitting in the corner watching everyone. I waved to him and he waved back (he is really nice). When K saw me he ran up and shook my hand before giving me a hug. Ea didn't like that I picked up her son so she came up to me and tried taking her son from me. K didn't like that do he pushed her hands away. That really pissed off Ea. She ripped K out of my hands and in the process made him hit his head on a the near by wall. K started crying and wiggled his way out of his mom's hands and ran to me. (As I explained in the last post I love kids and go mama bear when they get hurt). Su came up from behind me and forced Ea out of the room leaving me with the kids. After K calmed down I let him go back to playing. The rest of the night went ok and every hour or so Su would come watch the kids so I could go socialize with the family. Around 10 was when everyone was starting to leave and when K was getting ready to leave Ea called me to her saying she just wanted to talk (cue crazy mom mode). She walked me down the hallway and after we where out of everyone's earshot she slapped me across the face and started accusing me of manipulating her child so he liked me better(she slapped me again). Now I was trying to stay polite and even after she slapped me three times I kept my composure. Then she took it a step further and she punched me in the gut. She hut me hard enough to knock the wind out of me ( I suffer from asthma and occasionally panic attacks). The loss of breath triggered a panic attack and so I freaked out. The tried to shut me up by kicking me repeatedly. Eventually she stopped and let me get up off the floor and I was able to calm myself down. Then she tried punching me again ( I've taken multiple self defence classes and I know jujitsu) I grabbed her fist and forced it behind her back so she tried kicking me so I grabbed her leg and forced her to the ground. (Su hears her scream for help and ran to find out why) he ask me why I was holding his wife to the ground so I explained what happened. He then had me let her go and after I did she tried hitting me again ( I cought her wrist and her husband pulled her away). While her husband took her away she screamed that she deserved more respect from everyone and it sounds like they are now getting a divorce. I left the party covered in bruises and I had a rather large cut on my chest that was bleeding really badly. Her husband pressed charges for me and took pictures of all my injuries for proof. She is being charged for multiple accounts of assault, child endangerment, and a few other things. Trial is next week and I am the main witness so fingers crossed.

Again I apologise for how long I made this

Summary: angry mom hates me and assaults me because her child likes me more than her and she is now getting divorced

I guess you can call this a mini edit: she was arrested earlier today for breaking a few restraining orders and assaulting a minor in public

Court update: it went well she lost and will be in jail on multiple charges and the divorce was successful the kid is in full costody of the dad and I'm pretty sure she won't ever bother my family again/n(I’m swears I’m gonna censor a letter just in case)

Alright, so at my school I formed a band with my friends and it was going very well and still is (I hope). Our band had our bassist, guitarist, drummer, and me the singer. A background is at our school there happened to be a science teacher that has a kid in our grade and also teaches my class (she’s a terrible teacher). When me and my friends made the band the whole grade knew and just moved on but there’s one kid who were talking about today.

Me: I’m not even gonna make the joke.
F: friend who is the guitarist
Ek: entitled kid who is the son of the teacher
Et: entitled teacher and parent

It was recess at my school (or break whatever you want to call it) and I was in line to grab a snack at the cafeteria. I got my stuff and turned to see F and saw him with EK and ET talking and gave me a look to come. While I was walking I already heard this conversation happening,
ET:”This is great EK we can get you an electronic drumset.”
EK:”I’m really excited!”
By now I already know they baited F so I ran over there thinking that he let our drummer be replaced, next conversation.
Me:”Hey, what’s going on?”
F:*whispers in my ear*”EK is trying to get on our band”
Me:*whispering back*”Well tell them no. But ET probably will grade me down like the b*itch she is.”
F:”good thing I’m not in her class.”
Me:”Whatever, but everyone already tried to get in so tell them to screw off!”
F:”You can’t tell a teacher to screw off.”
Me:”... shut up.”

Now EK was one of the kids who didn’t try and relied on ET for everything basically giving him “special treatment” (probably special in the head too). The conversation starts with me and ET

Me:” Sorry ET but we already have a drummer.”
ET:”Well that’s too bad, at least my EK can be your technician.”

What is going through this woman’s head.

Me:”We don’t need one.”
ET:”Of course you will, who is gonna take care of the speakers?”
Me:”Me.”
ET:”Really, how?”

I grabbed F and dragged him out the door with me until our break was over.

I was walking to the science class I had with ET the period after talking to EK and decided to listen.

EK:”Why can’t I be a part of that?”

(Because you have no motivation to even exercise and don’t put in effort into anything including school.)

ET:”Don’t worry it’s just a fake band, they won’t last two weeks.”

This. B*tch. Just. Said. That.

I stood by the door still listening to ET talking sh*t about my band until EK walked out and ET stood by the doorway. I looked at her with the hardest gaze I could and gave her an evil smile as I walked in. I was the first one in the class and no one else was there. I said this to ET.

Me:”If you keep saying things like that you won’t last a teacher for two weeks. And besides, who said you were a real one.”

She froze as the next student walked in forcing her to not react to what I said. The period passed on like any other and as I walked out I gave ET the biggest and most evil smile as I slipped through the door.

To this day my band is doing really well and I’m really proud of all my band mates for working really hard even though they will never see this.

Edit: Thank you u/Lmaoers for the silver I really appreciate it!/nThis is a rather short story, happened today at my local pharmacy. So I went to buy nasal spray for my dad when suddenly EM entered the building with her child. tl;tr down below. 

There were two sale assistants. One was talking with me, the other was about to talk with EM.

EM: Karen 
SA: Sale Assistent 
PH: Pharmacist 

EM: Hello, I‘d like to buy some cough syrup for my child. 

SA: Sure, which one would you like? Do you prefer any brand? 

EM: Just give me the best you have. 

SA takes a bottle and asks EM if this one was ok. Em didn’t bother to watch since she was busy with her phone and she just said „yeah it’s fine“.

SA: That would be 4,80€

EM: Thats expensive for this little much of syrup!

Em was about to give her the money, but then she took the bottle to look at it when she suddenly screamed at the SA.

EM: WHAT THE HELL IS THAT? 

SA: Excause me???

Em: ArE yOu TRyinG tO DRuGg mY ChiLd?

SA was confused af. So was the other SA and me too.

SA: What do you mean? This is just normal cough syrup. 

EM: Don’t lie to me! I am not blind there is marijuana on the picture. Get me your boss right now! 

SA did‘t want to put up with her longer than necessary and she called her boss. 

PH: What’s the problem? 

EM: Your SA tried to drug my child! I am suing! There is weed in this! Fire SA!

PH: Thats a maple leaf lady. There is a tree right in front of the pharmacy. 

EM got red and left while dragging her kid out. 



Tl;tr: em mistakes maple tree with weed and wants sales assistant fired and pharmacy sued./nSo when I was 13/14, I went through the paintball phase that a lot of boys go through. It was nothing very serious for me but I did a couple of birthday parties at a site about 45 minutes from where I lived.

&#x200B;

I don't remember when exactly but one one of my last few trips (probably 14 or 15 years old), I encountered Entitled Mom (henceforth known as EM). Here are some EM highlights from that trip.

  
**#1- EM asks me to lose to her son because it's his birthday, and then proceeds to get my team to turn on me**

So this EM was of the "yummy mummy" variety. There was a lot of cleavage, a lot of pouting, a lot of curve packed into a too-small tracksuit. Now this is not a bad thing, I am an incredibly sex-positive person, but it is important to the story. So I didn't have a lot of friends so my party was me and four friends. This meant that we were just lumped in with a number of other groups. This range from the slightly uncomfortable survivalists who do this every weekend (one of the nicer guys was like a former SAS guy who proudly told me and my friends about how he was booked on an event the following weekend at a decommissioned submarine base in Croatia) to other birthday parties to groups of teens. You get the idea.

&#x200B;

So EM approaches my group as we're getting ready for the first match. It's a attack/defend scenario. One team is holed up in a fort made of corrugated iron and the other tries to capture it:

EM: Hi boys!

Us: Uh hi...

EM: I just saw that you are on the opposite team to my son. It's his birthday you know, he's 11.

Us: That's great... (we're half confused why she's here and half distracted by boob)

EM: It is great, he's really been looking forward to this. Do you think you could let him win?

Me: I'm sorry?

EM (sighs and rolls her eyes): Let my son win because it's his birthday.

Me: Well, as a matter of fact, I'm here for my birthday too

*EM snorts*

EM: What are you? Like 16? A little old for paintball, aren't we?

Me: No... I'm \[insert age\] and I'm not just going to let your son win. That's not fair on me and it's not fair on my team.

EM: *Fine*. Be that way.

*EM stalks off and starts chatting up the group of surly teens who were also on my team.*

&#x200B;

So the game begins, we're attacking the fort to begin with and I'm creeping around the flank with one of my friends and two of the teens. All of a sudden, my friend and I are both shot in the back. As we drop, putting up the sign to indicate you're dead, we see that the two teens have shot us:

Me: What the hell?

Teen 1: Sorry but that lady told us to do it. She said you called her a bitch and laughed at her when she told you about her husband walking out on her and her having to raise her kid on her own. *(read: the lady got all tearful and flashed a lot of skin at us, some horny teens)*

*I am very surprised. My dad is a vicar and I did not use language like bitch at that point in my life (fun fact: I swear like a sailor now).*

Me: That's not what happened...

Teen 2: Whatever man, course you'd say that.

&#x200B;

They walk off and of course, because our flank collapsed, we lost the match.

&#x200B;

**#2 EM demands paintball pro gives up his custom gun because her kid broke his rental**

So a little while later in the day, it's nearing the break for lunch. It's been a fun day so far aside from the back stabbing in one of the first games. But then I actually encounter EK. He was a shaved head little brat in a football shirt under his camo, the typical 11 year old yobbo. When you die in the games, you are meant to go congregate in a specific place so there are a few of us there. I'm talking to my friend, who injured his leg climbing over a fence, and the SAS dude I mentioned before. EK is there, moping because he died like 5 seconds into the game. He has the muzzle of his gun buried into the dirt and is pulling the trigger. The marshal has stepped away for a moment to get some ice for my friend but what the kid is doing is super against the rules as it can jam the gun (or cause ricochet). Plus, you aren't meant to fire your weapon after you've died:

SAS dude: Hey kid, don't do that, you're gonna break the gun

EK: Fuck off!

*SAS dude is gonna say something else but he just huffs and continues talking to me and my friend.*

&#x200B;

Lo and behold, the kid's gun jams. He really fucks up that gun. But of course, he thinks he can just clear the jam by spamming the trigger and basically makes the gun inoperable. So of course he is whining to his mom about it at lunch but they don't want to do anything about it because they know the marshals will give him shit for breaking the rules (and will probably kick him out and fine them for the cost of the gun). Anyway, SAS dude is eating lunch with me and my friends, I think he just liked having people to tell his stories to. Anyway, over comes EM with EK in tow:

EM: Excuse me, did you swear at my son?

SAS dude: I did not. He actually swore at me.

EM: He would never do that! He doesn't know any swear words.

SAS dude: Sure sounded like he did

EM: Wow, I can't believe you're acting this way after I came over to just ask you to apologise to my son

SAS dude: Ain't gonna happen

*EM huffs and stomps away, she and EK start whispering before she returns*

EM: My son informs me that you broke his gun after you swore at him???

SAS dude: Nope. Kid has the muzzle buried two inches into the mud and was pissing about, excuse my language.

EM: My son would not break the rules. AND DON'T SWEAR AT ME IN FRONT OF MY SON.

SAS dude: Just telling you the truth

EM: Well he needs a new gun.

SAS dude: Go to the marshals

EM: No because you will just lie about what happened. Give me your gun.

*As I said, this guy was retired military and basically did this as his primary hobby. The site we were at allowed for custom weapons, as long as they didn't exceed a specific fire rate or PSI (basically, you can't have a gun that fires way faster that the rentals or hits harder than the rentals would)*

SAS dude: No.

EM: I said give me your gun.

SAS dude: No. This is my gun that I brought with me today. It cost £2500, I built it from scratch and it means a lot to me

EM: Ha! That's the saddest fucking shit I've ever heard. Get a life, prick.

*She flaunts off with EK. I later her do the "woe is me" routine with the teens and trades guns. And now to our finale.*

&#x200B;

**#3- EM gets lifetime banned after son injures someone in a string of violations**

So we come to our last three games. The third from last is Capture the Flag. Now something I haven't brought up yet is that this site sold grenades. The grenades came in two varieties- flash and smoke. For safety reasons, you were considered dead if you were caught in a flash grenade (basically to stop someone flailing head first into a bullet). The other major safety thing was that neither sort of grenade was to be used by anyone under the age of 18. It was also against the rules to buy grenades for someone under the age of 18. Can you guess what EM had done at some point in the game?

&#x200B;

So we're playing capture the flag and then comes the call that no-one wants to hear:

&#x200B;

"MAN DOWN"

&#x200B;

Man Down meant that someone had been injured to a degree where the game had to be stopped. When you heard it, you were to stop firing immediately, drop to one need and repeat the call so everyone on the battlefield heard it. But one person clearly didn't get the message. First we heard shots and maniac childish laughter, then screaming and finally obscenities. Our friend the SAS guy later filled us in on what had happened.

&#x200B;

1. EK, in possession of a smoke grenade his mom had slipped him, threw the grenade at a man he had caught by surprise (breaking the grenade possession rule and the rule stating that if you had someone at a disadvantage (like sneaking up behind them), you were meant to announce your presence and have them surrender. Oh and the rule about not throwing smoke grenades directly at people because they were hefty metal cylinders).
2. The man, not expecting a grenade thrown directly at it him from behind is hit in the head and just crumples.
3. When one of his teammates discover him and gives the man down signal, EK shoots him and proceeds to shoot the marshal who is first on the scene.
4. The marshal restrains the kid, who begins to lash out and scream

&#x200B;

We were all sitting in the waiting area when the buff ex-military looking dude in charge of the camp comes out and just destroys this woman. He screams at her for a good five minutes. Then the broken gun is brought up. Five more minutes of screaming. The woman meekly tries to defend herself but the guy isn't having it.

&#x200B;

Heavy fine, lifetime ban and the police will be paying her a visit after her son (who was above the UK age of criminal responsibility) committed assault (it was counted as assault because of the express rules against throwing the grenades at people). Woman proceeds to go mental, dragging her son away while calling everyone a bevvy of awful things.

&#x200B;

Safe to say that the day kinda ended early. Looking back, I think that was my first proper encounter with an entitled parent.

&#x200B;

tl;dr A collection of anecdotes about how one EM ruined a day of paintballing in a series of increasingly bizarre antics, which ended with her son seriously injuring someone./nSorry about formatting, I’m on mobile.  Had to re upload due to title problems. 

Me - the witch of EVIL (jk) 
EM - Entitled Mom 
ED - Entitled Dad
LK- little kid 

About 2 years ago I worked as a hostess at a family style tap house during the summer months. The location was down town near the mall and a few of my friends houses so I would often change clothes after work and walk down town. I was sometimes sent home due to it not being very busy and today was one of these days, I threw on some Jean shorts and a tube top with a light flannel I had packed for the event I was let out early enough to hang with friends. Some of my friends where hanging a few blocks away at a comic book shop, close enough so I could walk. After signing out I said goodbye to my coworkers and set off. 

The tube top didn’t show a lot of my chest but enough to show that I had a fair amount of scars, my breast had also caused them to warp a bit and cause them to be a bit more noticeable. I didn’t care and by this time was rather proud of them. So when people asked about them I was able to tell them what happened and seem like a normal human person, I was also keeping my ADD and ADHD under control for the most part. It was still there but I could act normal. 

In an earlier post on this sub I explained that I had a lot of scars all over my chest area, the biggest one looking like an upside down cross down the middle of my chest and close to my stomach. This was due to Congenital Heart Diseases and Congenital Diaphragmatic Hernias when I was little and  the surgeries I went through to fix them. This story takes place about 4 years after the pool story and by this time I am way more comfortable with my chest and don’t take as much bs from people. 


As I was walking down town I got a text from one of my friends from the comic shop said that I should definitely bring them food and they would pay me back. Pretty standard lazy teen stuff so I agreed and went to the nearest convenience store on the way. 

I walked in and went into the snack food isle and started pick out chips and pop and such. As I was headed down the candy section a family of three walked in, a mom (EM), dad (ED), and little kid (LK) who was about 6. I heard the small kid crying about something but other than that I didn’t pay much mind to them. I was picking out candy to give to my friends because I was feeling generous, I was getting paid that weekend. I squatted to look at other candies when LK came waddling down the isle looking at the sweets. I saw him coming and waved to him as he was laughing at the colorfully packaged candies. He ran up to me laughing reached for the candy I was holding (almond joy I think, that’s right judge me) and I handed it to him, knowing I could just get another. He was really happy and then noticed the scars on my upper chest and pointed in a curious way. I adjusted my tube top a bit just in case and EK asked “what that on your chest?” I smiled and told him that I was sick but now I’m all better. It was what I told kids I knew probably wouldn’t understand medical jargon. EK seemed satisfied with that response and ran off with with the candy I gave him. 

  I had gotten my candy and went to the checkout with my goods to pay. I had set my stuff on the table when I glanced and saw the LK talking with his parents near the entrance to the store, at first I though the mom was going to be mad about the almond joy but she didn’t seem to care and I though I was all good. EM and ED start to look concerned, then angry, I had no idea what the LK was saying then the ED whipped his head around to look at me. I had no clue what what was going on, then the LK pointed to his chest and my heart dropped into my stomach. The EPs looked pretty ticked off and the ED was starting daggers into me and I pretended not to notice. I could tell they where looking at my chest now, I was used to the feeling and it usually didn’t bother me as much but I knew something was about to happen. 

Sure enough as I had collected my bags I felt a sharp tap on my shoulder and I turned around to find both the EM and ED  looking at me with irritated looks, witch immediately put me on the defensive side. I didn’t say anything, just looked at them, waiting for whatever was coming, this apparently wasn’t a good idea. The EM slowly looked down at my chest then back to my face, I let her look, I was use to looks like this and I didn’t care at this point. The EM didn’t like that and said “so you think it’s cool promoting that kind of lifestyle?” I’ll admit that threw me for a loop, not really knowing how to respond to that I said “sorry, what?” The ED then said  “you know dam well what, people like you are going to hell, the fact you think it’s ok to tell kids about that is so disturbing” I was honestly hurt and I had no idea why I was even hurt, I knew they where talking about my scars but I didn’t know why they where so offended. I then hesitantly asked them “are you talking about my surgical scars?” This cause the ED to look like he was having a stroke, he got up close to my face,  ED said  “you think I look like a f**kin idiot, don’t you! Quit spreading your satanist propaganda bullsh*it  around my son!” I quickly stepped back as he said this and the realization clicked. They thought my scars where a cult thing from what I could gather due to it looking like an upside down cross and for some reason I had the desire to play along and the desire to laugh, but I kindly explained to them that they where from heart problems in the past and tried to give them a summary of my history. They didn’t believe me and this only got them more pissed. The EM started spouting off about lying and being disrespectful, at this point I was really irritated for being yelled at and told them that I was going to leave and they where seriously messed up, then the dad told me he was going to call the POLICE for harassment and endangerment to his son. I really didn’t want and that and took out my card that I carried around just in cases paramedics found me so they would know know my conditions and showed it to the EPs. They looked at it for maybe 4 seconds and went quite. The EM looked really embarrassed and turned red but the ED didn’t look convinced. He said I was lying and that medicine wouldn’t “leave anyone looking that f**ked up and ugly” and that I needed to leave before I caused any more damage to his family. I told him I was sorry that my medical history inconvenienced them in the most mock costumer service voice I could and walked out the door but not being the ED yelled after me a bunch of curses and called me a witch and that I was going to hell. I waked with my jacket off the rest of the way to the comic shop and my friends and I laugh about it sometimes. /nI initially posted this on r/pettyrevenge but was suggested I posted here as well.  Not sure if it really fits in entitled parents because the entitled person is the daughter but here we go:

## She tried to stop me from saving a man's life.

📷

I  worked in an emergency room (ER) for 6 years so I am full of stories  but when it comes to entitled people this one sticks out in my memory.

P= patient

ED= entitled daughter

CP= critical patient

me= me

Every  person who has worked in the ER knows that Mondays are the busiest days  of the week and also when all the crazies come out.  This day was no  different.  I worked as a nurse in triage (where you initially get  assessed in the front before going to the back).  Here we determine who  needs to go back first and who can wait.  We had a few stretchers in the front for  people who needed to be monitored a little closer or needed IV's, blood  draws, labs,...  There were 6 stretchers but this day was so busy all 6  stretchers were filled plus 5 more in the hallway.  This lady comes in  on an ambulance but because her symptoms did not indicate an emergency  she was put in stretcher triage to wait her turn.  She was in a lot of  pain.  After assessment I recognized her symptoms as being caused from  gall stones (painful but in this case not life threatening).  We put her on a  stretcher, started an IV, drew labs, and hooked her up to the monitor  just in case.

A few minutes later ED  comes in the front door.  One look at her and we knew she would cause  problems.  She had everything from the shoes to the haircut.  A classic  rich Karen.  When she saw that her mom was still in the front and hadn't  seen a doctor yet she started screaming that she knew the CEO of the  hospital and that we would all be fired if we didn't get her mom back to  see a doctor RIGHT NOW!  We explained that her mom has a history of  gall stones and even P was saying that she has had this pain many times  because of the gall stones.  We explained about being really busy and  that there were no rooms available in the back and will get her back as  soon as we could.  She eventually calmed down but was still antsy.

About  an hour later another patient (CP) comes in and was put in the  stretcher beside P and ED.  This patient had worrying complaints but on  initial assessment we could not find anything wrong.  Now, as a nurse  you learn to ALWAYS trust your gut.  When your gut sounds an alarm, you  listen.  Something about this patient was setting my alarm bells off but  all his vitals were normal and I had no solid evidence to declare him  an emergency.  I hooked him up to the monitor and kept a very close eye  on him.  I let the charge nurse know of my concerns and she said to let  her know as soon as something changes.  Not 5 minutes later, something  changed.  Now, at this time I should explain that this hospital was a  level 1 trauma center, meaning we get all the bad cases from car crashes  to gun shot victims.  Since  we had to be ready for any traumas (life threatening injuries) we had a  room with 3 beds that was closed off from the rest of the beds  because  traumas usually involved a lot of people and a lot of blood.  Even on  busy days like this one those rooms were empty unless there was a trauma  patient.

Now, back to CP.  I was taking vital signs of P when I looked  over to CP.  I noticed a worrying change in his heart rhythm and stopped with  P to start assessing CP to see what was going on.  That did not sit  well with ED.  She actually grabbed my arm and told me to finish with  her mom.  I jerked my arm free and said I had to make sure CP was OK.   As I turned around to CP his rhythm went into vfib (life threatening  rhythm). With vfib you literally only have less than a minute for life saving interventions.  I called the charge nurse to inform her of CP condition all  the while unhooking CP from the monitor  and throwing his bed into  drive.  As I started pushing him back to the trauma room ED actually jumps in front of the  stretcher and stops it.  She's screaming that her mom was here first and  needed to be seen before CP and screaming that i was a liar and that  she was going to get me fired.  I'm usually a mild temper person but  knowing CP was literally seconds from dying I said to ED "you have a  choice, get out of my way or get run over" as I started pushing the  stretcher forward.  Now, I'm really good at pushing stretcher's fast and  getting the patient's where they needed to go in a hurry (one of the  reasons I was part of the trauma team).  ED tried to stand firm but she  saw I wasn't going to stop and jumped out of the way just as I was an  inch from hitting her.  Unfortunately, she did not move fast enough and I  ended up running over her foot which, I found out later, broke 2 bones.  At this point I didn't care and got  the patient back to the trauma room leaving ED screaming lying on the  floor.

We spent about 30 minutes on CP  but he ended up dying.  By the time I got back up front P and ED had  been taken to the back to see a doctor but my charge nurse warned me  that they were filing a complaint against me.  A few days later the  actual CEO of the hospital came to visit me on my next shift.  He was  known to be a kind and fair man.  Since this happened during a time  before cameras were put in the ERs he had to take what happened from  word of mouth.  Apparently, ED said I assaulted her several times and  put her mom's life in danger by not assessing her properly and that I  should be fired.  Turned out that P did actually have gall stones and  nothing else.  I  calmly explained exactly what happened and that ED's actions might of  ended up in CP dying because of the delay she caused by her actions.   When I got to the part of what I said to ED and running over her foot  the CEO actually started laughing and then tried to cover his mouth to  hide his laughter.  He explained that ED was a friend of his sister and  he knows what kind of person she is.  Not only did I not get fired he  put a personal note in my file praising my actions.  On my next review I  got a large raise + a bonus thanks to the CEO's note.

side note: the hospital gave an award twice a year to two employees that exhibited excellent skills in their profession.  In my review, they informed me that I had won  this award because of the CEO's note.  It came with a $500 bonus.

another side not:  A lot of people have wondered why ED was not charged with a crime.  I'm not sure.  It happened 20 years ago and I was 22 so didn't know anything about legal options.  I just went on throughout my day and didn't think of turning her in.  We found out later from the autopsy that CP had an abdominal aortic aneurysm which has a very high mortality rate and probably would of died no matter what we (or ED) did./nMy first post on this subreddit, this happened last week and my brother thought I should post it here.

&#x200B;

Background: I babysit an autistic kid. He is super sweet once he gets to know you and trusts you, for me that took about a year. He has a service dog. He loves this dog and it is pretty much his best friend since he isn't very social.

&#x200B;

So I babysit this 8 year old boy about 3 times a week mostly so his mom can have a break or do errands. I've been babysitting him for about 3 years now (he is my neighbor) and it took 6 months for him to make eye contact with me and about a year for him to allow me to touch him (like high fives or holding hands when crossing the street).

&#x200B;

Innocent boy (IB) wanted to take out the service dog (SD) for a walk, so we went to the park. Since this was a Tuesday I assumed it wouldn't be that busy. We walked around the park and after a while we went to the play structure. At the time, it was empty so IB was very happy and went of to play in the sandbox. I took the dog off his leash and let him explore a little bit. He is very well trained, so I didn't pay too much attention to him.

&#x200B;

After a while a mother (EP) and her around 6 year old daughter (D) arrived. SD came back, as he is trained to be near IB when there are new people. When IB spotted the other kid he came to the bench where I was sitting and signaled that he wanted to leave (he was having a mute day). I put SD back on his leash and got up to walk away. At this point D and EP approaches us and D goes to pet SD. IB swats her hand away, as he is extremely protective over SD and does not trust most people.

&#x200B;

EP: Your son just hit my daughter! You should teach him not to hit girls! *(I'm 16, idk why she thought it was my kid)*

Because of the shouting IB goes to hide behind me

Me: I'm sorry, he didn't mean it. He's sorry. *IB hearing me say he's sorry, signs sorry and points at the girl*

D: I want to pet your doggy please!

Me: This is a special dog and he helps IB feel safe, you can't pet him right now

EP: Come on, she just wants to pet him!

Me: I'm sorry, you can't.

&#x200B;

*At this point we start walking away and EP pulls my arm back. SD's leash is yanked back and he yelps. At this point IB is huddled on the floor. I pull away from EP and SD goes to comfort IB.*

&#x200B;

EP: It's no fair! Your son gets to play with the dog, so should my daughter.

D: It's okay mommy, we have doggy at home.

EP: No, you deserve to play with this dog.

&#x200B;

*Ep walks up to SD and tries to pull him towards D. SD is struggling to stay near IB and you can tell D looks very embarrsed. IB starts crying/screaming and EP lets go of collar.*

&#x200B;

Me: Hey, stop it! Just leave us alone please. You are trying to take his service dog.

EP: He isn't a service dog, he wasn't on a leash when we got here, You should control your child!

Me: He can't control him self in situations like this, you provoked him and tried to steal SD.

*D tries to comfort IB and pats his back. This makes IB scream and SD nudges her hand away. D runs to EP*

D: Lets go mommy! *(tugging EP's hand)*

*EP huffs and walks away.*

&#x200B;

I tell IB they're gone, and once he's calmed down we walk to his house. I let him have ice cream and watch his favorite movie (Lilo and Stitch) and he holds SD the whole time.

&#x200B;

Edit: Yes, I did consider calling the cops but IB had enough for a day. I just wanted to get him home and make sure he felt safe. I will take a pic of SD next time I go babysit (probably Thursday).

Edit 2: I live in Mexico and in the state I live in, I can't find any laws about interfering with service animals. Sadly, laws protecting disabled people here leave something to be desired./nfor some backstory:

i am currently in my last year of high school, and my little brother just entered his first year at the same school. he was bullied quite a lot in middle school, and hoped (still does) that the new school would give him a fresh start. of coarse, as a big brother i thought him the ropes and watched over him like a hawk.

&#x200B;

the cast is normal, but lb stands for little brother and pr for principal

&#x200B;

onto the story! (thx for sorting by new btw)

so a few days ago, my brother sent me a message that a kid was a dick during break. so me, tired as hell told him to wait it out, and talk to a teacher if it happens again. few days later, he comes home without his jacket. so i asked him what happened.

&#x200B;

me: hey where's your jacket?

&#x200B;

lb: it wasn't in my bag at the end of the day (he doesn't have his locker yet)

&#x200B;

me: as in stolen?

&#x200B;

lb: yup...

&#x200B;

me: i will sort it out tomorrow, don't worry.

&#x200B;

so, the next day i went to the office, and told the receptionist the story. she told me to go to class, and they will call my teacher when i can come talk to the principal.

&#x200B;

few periods later, i am sitting in class talking to some friends about brawhalla and stuff, and the phone rings. the teacher tells me to go to the office, and i do. along the way i meet up with lb, and walk on over.

&#x200B;

pr: hey, you wanted to talk to me about a stolen item?

&#x200B;

Me: my little brother here, couldn't find his jacket at the end of the day.

&#x200B;

lb: it was in my bag, but during 5th period i couldn't find it anymore

&#x200B;

pr: okay, is there any moment it could have happened?

&#x200B;

lb: i went to the toilet during 5th period, while the teacher was dealing with another student outside of class, maybe it was taken during that time?

&#x200B;

pr: who was sitting next to you in that period?

&#x200B;

lb: (insert name here(ek from now))

&#x200B;

pr: i'll call him over

&#x200B;

5 minutes later, he walks in, with his mom(em (idk what she was doing there))

&#x200B;

pr: hey ek, lb here got his jacket stolen, do you know anything about it?

&#x200B;

ek: i didn't do it

&#x200B;

pr: i asked if you knew anything, not saying you did it. this makes you very suspicious, so i would recommend speaking up.

&#x200B;

em: he doesn't steal, he's a little angel. he doesn't do that kind of stuff.

&#x200B;

pr: well we can't prove anything, so maybe the camera feed will help.

&#x200B;

we walk to the security office, were we watch the tape. we just so happen to see ek wearing a very specific jacket (lb's jacket is a black leather jacket with white and yellow on it)

&#x200B;

lb: that's my jacket!

&#x200B;

em: NO IT ISN'T, I BOUGHT IT YESTERDAY

&#x200B;

pr: ma'am, i am gonna have to ask you to leave

&#x200B;

em: WHY, I DID NOTHING WRONG

&#x200B;

pr: we will sort it out, please leave (she does, after throwing quite a fit)

&#x200B;

ek: can i go back to class now?

&#x200B;

pr: can we see your bag please?

&#x200B;

ek: no, it's my property

&#x200B;

pr: and you're on my property, wich gives me the right to search your bag

&#x200B;

ek: sure...

&#x200B;

the bag get's opened and you guessed it, there's the jacket.

&#x200B;

pr: lb, is there anything to prove it's yours?

&#x200B;

lb: right pocket, there should be a pair of earbuds (they are there)

&#x200B;

pr: here you go. ek, come with me

&#x200B;

we walk out, and the em is till there, screaming that we should get kicked out of school.

&#x200B;

we go back to class, and i talk to my friends about it. 

&#x200B;

ek got suspended for a week

&#x200B;

that's it! sorry if it was long.

tldr:

ek steals jacket, his mom tries to get us kicked out of school./nThis was one of those crazy stories

EM - entitled mother

K - kid

Me - well... Me

One day I had to go do some works at the city hall and on my way back to the office i stopped my car in a parking from a store just to answer a call. I was inside of my car, there was no car park around me and all places were available to park a car (at least 15 places available).

While i'm on the phone the EM arrives with her car and decides to park right next to me, reaaaally close to me (guess she though the car needed company, IDK...)

I don't mind at the time, until i ear and feel a huge BANG on my car.

So this lady basically parked the car, gets out at to take the kid out, she decides to bang the door with major force against my car door.

Of course i stop the call, get out of my car and tell her

Me- excused me you just damage my door...

EM- OH...Sorry, i have a kid, these things aren't easy...

Me - well i'm sorry too but it's damage and you must take responsibility...

The EM turns her back on me, go inside the store. K runs after her.

I lock my car and go after her.

Me- excuse me, you can't simply damage someone's car and walk away!

EM- Listen, i have a child, this things happens, it's not a big deal

To be honest if she was humble and assume her mistake like a grown woman i could simple accepted, maybe... It was a big damage but i still could have consider...however, she was a bitch...

Me - listen i know dealing with children can be hard, however you still need to accept responsibility by your mistakes...

EM - I'M A MOM, I HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGES ON THE CAR AND I DON'T GO AFTER PEOPLE!

Me - not my problem, my insurance doesn't cover "mommy damages".

EM - You are scaring my child!

K was a bit confused but not really scared, he was checking toys from the store, quite entertained. And also i wasn't screaming, she was.

Me - I work hard to get my things and i don't want my car to be damaged. What you do with your property it's on you, mine it's on me. Let's exchange insurance information and not make a big deal out of this.

She starts screaming how i didn't understand how hard was having kids and i could easily pay the damage myself. I try to reason with her and she grabs her kid and says that she can't control.

Me - why did you decide to park next to me with so many spaces available?

She went full sheldon and said :"i like that spot!"

I know several moms that would never have this behavior, so yeah, she was the crazy one.

I ended going to the police.

  


MORAL OF THE STORY - Make sure your insurance covers mommy damages....

  


  
/nI’m a nanny. This week there was a teacher workday, so I took my kids (ages 4 & 6) to the local Children’s Museum. I repeat, CHILDREN’S MUSEUM!! It was stroller city because what do kids ride around in? Strollers!

Here is the cast of characters: EM = Entitled Mom, ED = Entitled Mom’s Daughter of roughly 7 years, BM = Baby’s Mom, Baby = Baby of maybe 6-7 months

Here goes the story:

The Children’s Museum has a concession area where you can get a selection of snacks. I purchased each of my kids a granola bar and apple juice  and we sat down at a table near the register to eat our food. A few minutes after sitting down, I witnessed EM berate this sweet young mom.

In the line, there was BM with her jogging stroller and SLEEPING baby. Directly behind her was EM and ED. EM looks at BM and says:

EM = Can you move your stroller so that my daughter can stand closer to the front of the line?

BM = Oh no, I’m sorry. I need to keep my stroller and baby with me. But since the stroller is with me, it doesn’t affect your place in line.

EM = Your stroller is keeping my daughter from getting closer to the front. Just move it out of the line.

BM = I’m sorry, I can’t do that. I need to keep my stroller with me.

AND THEN... EM PICKS UP THE STROLLER WITH THE SLEEPING BABY IN IT AND DROPS IT OUTSIDE OF THE LINE AREA. Obviously, the baby wakes up and starts screaming.

BM = Excuse me, why did you do that?! That’s my baby!

EM = Why did you bring your baby here? This is the Children’s Museum, not the Baby’s Museum!

BM = (now holding crying baby) There are lots of things for her to do here. There’s an entire infant area and she enjoys the water exhibit.

Then it was time for BM to order. She ordered a bottled water, yogurt parfait, and a chocolate chip cookie.

EM = You can’t take the last chocolate chip cookie! My daughter wants it and your baby can’t even eat food yet! 

BM = What? I have a bottle for my daughter. The cookie is for me. I’m certain that they’ll bring out more, fresh cookies in a few minutes.

EM = Chocolate chip cookies are Children’s food! You can’t eat the last cookie! My daughter really wants it.

BM ignored her because at this point she was trying to balance a crying baby on her hip and digging out her wallet from her diaper bag. At this point, another woman walked up to her and offered to help by holding the baby. BM paid, then turned around to take her baby back when EM started yelling about the damn cookie again. BM looked at ED and AFTER SHE HAD PAID FOR THE COOKIE TO EAT HERSELF, graciously handed it to ED with a nice “Here you go, sweetie.”

Then BM went to pull the stroller away from the register. This is when EM stuck her foot out in the path of the stroller. (For literally no legitimate reason and AFTER BM had purchased a cookie for ED.)

BM = Excuse me, ma’am. Can you please move your foot?

EM = Don’t you dare run over my foot!

BM = I’m trying not to. Can you please, please move your foot so that I can roll my stroller away?

EM refused to move, so with her one free hand BM physically lifted the stroller over EM’s foot. With a lot of effort, she made it to an open table and was eventually able to rock her baby back to sleep. 

The concession stand put out fresh chocolate chip cookies roughly 15 minutes later (as my kids were finishing their snack) so I bought TWO cookies for BM and she was so grateful! 

Edit: Thanks y’all! I just sent an email to the museum asking them to review the security footage of the concession area during the time of the incident. I urged them to ban EM from the museum for aggressive and abusive behavior. 

Edit 2: First of all, wow! Thank you for the incredible support! I’ve never had such a popular post (and bonus, I share this account with my older sister and she was stoked when she logged on to see the silver!) Anyway, the museum responded to my email and said that they’re “aware of the situation and handling all parties accordingly.” So I guess I wasn’t the first person to report EM’s behavior... /nSo to start off with where I live there is a great park at the bottom of my road so every day I take my dog down to play.

On this particular day we decided to go down to the park after a nearby nursery had finished and naturally all the children want to play with my dog and is naturally very popular but its great because he loves children and whilst he's playing I notice a woman who is the (EP) trying to put a lead on him so I who i'll refer to as (M) for the rest of the story go up to her and this is how the conversation went:

M: Umm... excuse me why are you trying to put a lead on MY dog!?

EP: Oh well he's off his lead and I figured he was abandoned so I thought id take him home with me.

M: Wait what? I have his lead right next to me and im literally 2 feet away from him so can you take the lead off him now?

EP: My daughter loves him so why not just let us take him with us? we have another one of these dogs anyway (Husky).

M: Look lady you can't take other peoples dog's just because you want to.

EP: I want this dog and I am going to take him home he doesn't deserve an owner like you who would just abandon him at the drop of a hat.

M: You can't be serious right? I am LITERALLY taking him for a play in the field what are you talking about?.

EP: I am going to breed him with my own Husky and he'll have a happy life with me so just give him to me already...

M: Are you fucking insane?! NO you cannot take my dog if you want to breed YOUR dog then buy another dog to breed it with NOT MINE.

Other parents and children are around me and I figured if I leave she'll just rant and rave to herself before going home so I then go to take the lead off and put mine back on and then exit the park and I thought she'd leave it at that but oh no she then follows me back to my house whilst screaming and ranting that I've stolen HER dog and shouting for help.

This was so shocking to me that I literally froze for a few seconds before I continued walking back to my house and went inside only to have her banging furiously at my front door demanding I give her back the dog and that I don't deserve an animal and a few other random insults that I can't quite remember.

I eventually open the door and explain that if she doesn't leave my property I will call the police and after screaming and shouting a bit more she eventually realizes that im being serious and leaves. Phew all over... well not exactly.

A couple days later  I receive a visit from the RSPCA stating that I have a dog that is extremely malnourished and was being abused so they asked to see the dog. Of course I allow them to inspect him and the person literally says to me that he is in perfect health and that he is a lovely dog / breed I thank him and he leaves and says nothing further will happen in this case thank god.

Side note : After retelling this story it only JUST dawned on me that this lunatic had a dog lead with her and no dog so I seriously hope her dog was at home.

I know this last bit is hard to pin on her but its just to coincidental to me considering EP followed me back to my house. Anyways thanks for reading if anyone has any questions I can try to answer asap. :)

&#x200B;

Edit : I rarely ever post on Reddit and I gotta admit im surprised how much traction this has had. Thanks for the up votes and I hope I can answer as many questions as you have to the best of my memory :).

Another edit : Heres a picture of my dog from last year when it was snowing in my town [https://gyazo.com/d1a78d7eebd7192612d3ed2f5b8a487d](https://gyazo.com/d1a78d7eebd7192612d3ed2f5b8a487d) if anyone has any tips on a better way to post this let me know I dont really use reddit so its all kinda alien to me haha.

Also Thanks for the silver didn't even know that was a thing :D./nSo, this is the second of my three encounters with entitled parents that relate to my little sisters service dog, sorry it took so long to get out – more issues with my mum have risen lately and I am a single potato caring for two needy tater-tots. I do have two other stories, the first that explains how I came into custody of my beautiful little sisters after my parents were allowing the elder of two to by physically, mentally and sexually abused for 6 years and the other a brief encounter with an entitled parents who didn’t believe my sister needs a service dog because she has mental illnesses. I’ll link them at the bottom for convenience. I’m also far from the best story teller as well as writing in general so bear with me, it’s also long. 

I’ll be using the same false names for my sisters that I’ve used for all my other stories, Amy who is 17 and Liza who is 8, I’m their older brother and I’m 29 and this all takes place in Australia. 

Now, as briefly mentioned in my other EM story, I do my best to get Amy outside for at least an hour a day and this normally involves taking her service dog for a leisure walk as a family which she enjoys and is accustom to at this point. On this particular day a new playground had just opened up nearby so I thought it might be fun to take my girls somewhere different and as Amy likes to play fetch with Lickity Split, her service dog whom is a cross between a purebred German Shepard and a mutt (mixture of several different breeds – this one specifically bred with calmer, easy to train temperaments) I made sure to look into the rules regarding off lead dogs. As a service dog she’s allowed pretty much everywhere if she has a lead and vest on and isn’t disturbing the peace. There was a nearby field where off lead dogs were permitted but the area around the playground only allows onlead dogs which is normal for my area. 

So, armed with doggy do-do bags, sunscreen, water and Lickity Splits vest and lead, we drive down to the new park. New areas do make Amy anxious, so we walk around a bit to help her get an understanding of where everything is and during this time, Lickity Split has her vest and lead on, dutifully walking at Amy’s pace like the best doggo she is. As there are quite a few little kids around and we don’t want them distracting her, but most seem to understand what Lickity Split’s vest means. However, one kid in particular, whom we’ll dub LEG (Little Entitled Girl) does approach and ask to play with Lickity Split. Amy has selective mutism (she can’t talk in certain (most) situations), I take the duty to explain that Lickity Split is working right now and can’t be distracted but I point to the field and say we might be playing there later if Amy feels up to it (she normally doesn’t mind other people throwing the ball as long as they don’t actually touch Lickity Split or her). LEG huffs and says that dogs are for playing not working. I ask her if she’s ever seen police dogs on TV or anything to which to which she hesitantly replies yes and I explain those are a different type of working dog – Lickity Split’s job is to take care of my sister because she gets frightened very easy and her dog makes sure she doesn’t get hurt if she gets scared. 

The LEG then turns to Amy, who is getting a bit fidgety and keeps tugging on my shirt – her silent signal that she wants to move away from this – while Lickity Split is in her alert stance (when she has a feeling something around could trigger Amy or cause her harm). The LEG then throws her arms up and shouts ‘BOO!’ which of course causes her to jump and hide behind me, starting to cry – Amy, even to this day, is very timid and doesn’t cope well in strange environments with loud noises and sudden movements towards her. The LEG starts laughing and calls Amy retarded. Liza, who is very protective of her big sister then pushes the girl and scolds her for being for being mean and I decide that we’ve all had enough of this girl and hurry my sisters along so we can find somewhere for Amy to calm down in peace.

We find an area out of sight from the LEG and I sit Amy down on a bench in the shade where I can work towards calming her down before deciding if we should just go home. Thankfully she wasn’t too bad as far as her anxiety attacks go, just breathing heavily, hot and she was crying quietly. I asked her if she wanted to go home but she declined and asked we just stay away from LEG because Liza still wanted to play in the playground and said she didn’t want Lickity Split off her lead. I’m hesitant but agree knowing that because Amy is trying to overcome her anxiety, she does sometimes want to push herself out of her comfort zone and I would just have to keep a close eye on her and make sure she isn’t pushing herself too far.

The next little while is quiet - Liza playing in the playground while Amy and I sit in the shade with Lickity Split laying beneath the bench and Amy reading a book. As you’d expect, more kids came to ask to give pats to our dog, but I politely turned them away with no issues, no LEG… or so I though…

LEG comes running up to Amy and me with her mother in tow, jabbing her finger at me while blabbering about animal abuse. Now, most my attention was on my sister rather then what this lady was saying so the conversation isn’t exactly word for word (this also took place months ago).

The mother looks me up and down as if I had no business being in the area (my suburb is the next one over and considered slightly higher class) as asks if Lickity Split is my dog, I explain how Lickity Split is in my name but she is registered as Amy’s service dog (in Australia if you are under 18, parents or guardians are considered the owner of dogs even if a registered service dog is serving a minor when she turns 18, Lickity Splits owner ship will be transferred to Amy). The parent gave me a look as if hit her child. She then snarls at me something along the lines of “how dare you make an innocent animal work and brainwash it into being able to do nothing more then follow your demand”, I just shrug and tell her that she’s entitled to that opinion and ask her to leave as she was upsetting Amy. She then demands I hand the dog over to her as a dog as spectacular looking as mine should not be forced into slavery. I give a simple “nope” and wave her off, she leaves (surprisingly) with her daughter complaining about how she wants a dog that is well behaved enough to sit like Lickity Split is.

About half an hour passes and we were packing up to leave, Amy quietly asks if we can throw the ball just a little for Lickity Split because she doesn’t feel it’s fair for her dog to miss out on the fun so we head back to the field, remove Lickity Splits lead and vest after checking LEG or her mother weren’t around (side note, her dog tags also say that she is a service dog, as well as have my name, address and phone number on them and this will be important later.) and we begin a small session of fetch with Lickity Split, taking turns throwing the ball as we usually do. 

Now the park is set up, so the field is right next to the car park with a row of bushes separating the two and the area we were standing in had a few trees shading some picnic tables. As Liza is taking her turn to throw the ball, it hits a tree and bounces through the bushes, Lickity chases after it and I tell my sisters to stay put while I follow just to make sure she doesn’t end up on the road. 

Despite Liza’s throw not being to hard, Lickity Split wasn’t directly behind the bushes like I thought she’s be, in fact I couldn’t immediately find her after passing the bushes. I looked around for a moment before hearing Lickity Split’s distressed barking and bolt into the car park, finding a family of five attempting to wrestle Lickity Split into the back of their car – the family including LEG, her mother, father, a boy (most likely middle child) and an older girl (appeared to be the oldest). The father was holding Lickity Splits jaw shut while the children were attempting to move her into the trunk of the car. My dog was not making easy for them and since the mother seemed to refuse to get close and the father was fighting to keep her head under control, they were struggling quite a bit. 

I yelled at them to let Lickity Split go and several things happen in quick succession, the EF lost his grip on Lickity Split’s head while the two girls jumped back leaving B holding her hind legs off the ground. Lickity Split barked several times before the EF again tried to hold her muzzle which she responded to by biting his arm and flinging herself at the boy, snapping at him until she managed to land a bite on his ankle and bolt to my side. I grabbed her collar and yelled several obscenities at the family for attempting to steal my dog. At this time, a security man arrived, explaining how someone had reported an incident and asking what was going on. 

At this time, Amy and Liza had also come looking for me – most likely hearing the barking and yelling as well as just wondering why I was taking so long. Amy was on the brink of a panic attack and Lickity strained against my grip to get to Amy so I let her go, telling Amy and Liza to quickly put her vest and lead back on. 

The father is now yelling at the SM at how they found what they had assumed was an abandoned dog that they were planning on taking to a shelter to adopt the poor thing when I appeared and beat the dog until she was so scared it bit him and his son and he now demanded the dog be put down immediately. The SM looks over the Lickity Split who was taking a defensive stance in front of my sisters and snarling at the family before looking at me and asking what my side of what happened was. Thinking this could take a while, I ask him to hold on a moment while I moved my sisters and Lickity Split off the road and into the shade – Amy is having a panic attack at the prospect of her dog being put down and sobbing for me to protect her dog. At this point, I just wanted to get her home where it was much easier calming her down so I turn back to the SM and the family and explain the miss thrown ball, how I’d come to make sure my dog didn’t end up on the road and how I found the family attempting to steal my sisters service dog when the EM interrupted screeching how “that’s proof he abuses the dog, no dog should be made to work”. 

The SM then pauses before he states his grandma has a guide dog because she’s going blind… pause from the family. 

SM turns to the kids and asks if they were trying to move the dog in the car, the older girls confirms this. SM then asks if they waited to see if anyone claimed the dog, the girl shook her head and the EM then claimed the dog had no tags… I point out Lickity Split’s beautiful hand-made, bright purple and blue collar, stating it has my phone number and address on it before asking SM if I could take my sisters home, I didn’t even care about pressing charges for the attempted dog-napping, I just wanted to get Amy home as she was really struggling to calm down. Thankfully SM understood, took my details and explained this would most likely go to the police as my dog had bitten two people (I wasn’t too worried about this as my states law says that if a dog bites or attacks someone it would be put down unless it was provoked to do so) he would make sure to save all security footage as evidence as he could clearly see I cared for my dog and family. He let me go but warned me that Lickity Split must be kept in my name and her residence can’t change or it would have worse legal repercussions. I assured him we weren’t going anywhere before ushering my sisters to my car to get home. 

I left the carpark and drove to another at a sports field close by before trying to calm Amy down, going through our normal method of grounding her before giving cuddles, and talking her down from her panic attack. She’s still shaky when I pulled away, but I wanted to get her home where she could lie down and relax so she just cuddled the toy she had brought and her dog the whole way home while crying softly (Amy normally sits in the back seat with Lickity Split and Liza no matter where we are going). We ended up ordering from a restaurant (Amy’s favourite) for dinner and watching a movie together snuggled up on the pull-out lounge, the girls both fell asleep there and I let them be. This was before Amy was back in school, but I gave the next off from her tutoring and worked from home since she was still upset. 

The police did get in contact with me about Lickity Split biting two people but confirmed they had seen the security footage and agreed that the situation had provoked Lickity Split to do so. There was also a whole court procedure where the family was adamant the attack was unprovoked and they were just trying to help what the thought was a stray dog but one of the cameras had caught a very clear display of Lickity Split collar which has my phone number (not to mention, EM and LEG had seen me and my sister twice that day which cameras had also caught). The parents were fined and given community service and since I just wanted it to be over, I didn’t press further but we haven’t been back to that park since. 

------

Hey redditors, sorry the wait was so long, I’ve been having issues with my mum over the girls and just been generally busy lately so this may be a little rushed, it did affect Amy for a few days but after plenty of assurance her dog would be fine, she calmed down over it but she is very selective over who touches Lickity Split now. 

I’ve had a lot of people asking for ways they can help, offering to send things and so much more. I’d like to say while the offer of sending things is a sweet one, Amy is extremely fussy when it comes to her toys, the ones she plays with and even about what stays in her room as she gets scared of random things. A lot of what she does get in gifts off other people is money and gift cards as she likes picking things out herself (I am in no way asking for these things) we are also very well off at this point, a mate helped me get a job in the field I was studying in (that at the time I was in no way qualified for but kudos to him) and it pays more then enough to support my little family; couple that with therapy costs covered by our parents as well as the support payments they have to pay means we all live comfortably if you feel like doing something nice or supportive for us, donate towards a charity that helps prevent child abuse, support groups for victims or anything like that because while we are fine but a lot of children aren’t and are in need of safe places to live and putting money towards these causes is the best way to do something nice for us. 

That being said, one of Amy’s favourite mobile games now has the feature of adding friends, not a lot of people in her school play it so I told her I’d ask so if you play Merge Dragons and feel like adding her, Amy’s tag is WUHDAIJM and she will add anyone as she enjoys looking at different parks. 

First story - https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bas3rx/how_i_started_a_revolution_in_my_entitled_family/

Second story - https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bcd16l/ek_attacks_my_sisters_service_dog_because_em//nLast weekend my friends and I decided to go camping for a break. There were 7 of us planning to go and 3 of them had kids and were keen for a break. 
A few hours before we were set to head off on Friday one of my friends says she is unable to find someone to look after her 9 year old son and says she's bringing him. We weren't particularly keen on that but we felt bad saying she can't come so we just let her bring him. 

To avoid everyone bringing a car we take 2 and agree that whoever is in each car will split petrol costs. She brings her own car with just her and her son. (This becomes relevant later) 

We had never met her son but we learnt VERY QUICKLY he is spoilt and quite frankly a nightmare to be around because she let's him do whatever he wants. From here on I'll refer to her as EP and him as SK and give a few examples of the crap she pulled.

He eats, almost exclusively, cereal, chips and chicken nuggets. He has a tantrum if you even offer anything outside of that so we learnt quickly not to try get a real meal in him. 

We spent a day at the lake. She had his chips and nuggets ready but he decides he wants cereal for lunch. She wanted us to all leave because we obviously didn't bring milk to the lake. EP demands one of us go get milk for her boy and when we say no SK starts SCREAMING and then she yells over him "LOOK WHAT YOU'VE DONE TO MY BABY BOY." 
When she sees we are still not getting milk for her she runs to her car and drives us off leaving us with SK who is still screaming. She's gone for over an hour and comes back with milk and says "sorry I needed a break from your negative attitudes. He picks up on those vibes and that's why he's been screaming." 
She then demands we split the cost of her petrol for going out to get milk saying "if you lot hadn't have been so stubborn and cruel to me and SK then i wouldn't have had to drive all that way. 
We all just said no and got into our cars.

I have mental health issues which I take medication for, morning and night. SK wanted to play with them because they are different colours and shapes and I had brought them in my weekly packs so they were all separated and I guess he thought they were candy or toys, Idk. 
I explained to him that they were dangerous, not candy and that it was important medicine. Because I didn't trust him not to try grab them I moved them from my bag to the car. 
That night I go to grab my meds and can't find them. I ask around and everyone says EP had been in the car last so I go to ask her if she moved or seen them. Her and her son are on a mat and I am horrified to see him playing with all my pills. I rush over and take them all asking her what the hell he is doing. To which she just says "he wanted to play with them. He knows not to eat them." 
I take them all and tell her there is something wrong with her if she thinks letting her kid play with medication is no big deal. 
When he starts screaming that he wants them back, she tries to pull them off me and starts yelling that I am evil and trying to abuse her son. I am bigger than her so I just push her off me and they're both on the mat screaming while I thank God that was our last night there so I didn't have to suffer much longer. 

We had agreed to stay at a campsite in our tents. We had 2 tents big enough for all of us and figured it was cheap asf to just share tents and cook food over a little gas stove. 
EP  decided to get a little unit because they come with a small oven and SK only likes frozen nuggets oven baked not pan fried. We told her that was a lot of money just to bake his nuggets and she said it's fine. 
Then at the end of our weekend she tried adding her unit to the costs we were splitting. We were baffled. None of us had spent any time in the unit or used the facilities it had so we didn't understand why she would think that it should be spilt. We refused and she lost it at reception saying we should have known she'd need units for "me and my baby." 
We refused to pay and walked out while she cried at reception until they told her to pay or they'd call the police. 

And on top of it all she emailed us an invoice with the money we owed her. Because we had split the costs of food, petrol and accommodation she had decided that her costs too should be split and split the costs of her sons food, the unit she stayed it, the petrol she had used and a fee that she claimed "would show we were remorseful for the way you treated my boy this weekend. He is a miracle and should be treated as such" 

I emailed her back and told her I wouldn't be paying a cent and that as far as I'm concerned our friendship is over. 
The others said something similar. 

She posted a status saying she is glad she cut ties with a group of child haters. 

I used to be confused as to how she was single as she is quite beautiful and (I thought) lovely. I thought her baby daddy was insane for leaving her. 
Now I know he was saving himself./nOk little bit of backstory when I was 14-18 years old  I played Allstar hockey. (I was 16-17 in the current situation.) I'm a very physical defenceman I enjoy to throw a good bodycheck (EP= entitled parent TM=teammate me= well me lol)

The actual story. 

I had just finished a game in a very tight tournament, (we won) after I change I leave my dressing room and I went out to watch the next game that was being played, here comes EP.
It started off well
EP:hi your playing on that blue and gold team right? Number 77? 

Me: yeah (confused cause why would a random parent from another team from another city talk to me)

EP: cool my son plays (for one of the teams that was playing at the moment)

Me:cool

We watched her son play for a minute. The next question was where is went bad

EP: so your playing my son later would you not check him when you play? 

Me: sorry what?

EP: don't hit my kid when you play him

Me: that's not how that works he's playing contact hockey so if I get the chance to hit him I will that's the game(I said that a little bit saucy)

EP: fuck you kid I'm a parent you have to do what I say 

Me: no I don't your a parent from another team

At this point I walk away to find my teammates to tell them about that but EP grabs my arm

Me: wtf are you doing let go

EP. No not untill you tell me you won't hit my son you can hurt him doing that, you better not hurt my son you little shit 

Me:(laughing) your fucked 

Later that day we played that team and obviously I told my team about the incident and all game we would hit her son sending him flying on his ass multiple times in that game.im  looking at her(EP) face every time it happened 

After the game I went to EPs son and told him about what happened he laughed told me his mom does that all the time but that was the next way to deal with it he had seen ( I was just glad he was a good guy and laughed about what happened)



Edit* I'm in awe that I got 1000 upvotes and got silver and gold thank you all so much!!/nBefore I start, I'm writing this post on mobile soooo...sorry for the shitty format.

The Peeps:

Me: me

BF: my boyfriend

EM: I'm pretty sure we all know

K: EM's kid

M: manager

C: another customer


Okay, so last year me and my boyfriend went swimming to a lake on a really hot day, and there was a pizza place like 5 minutes of walk from the lake. So we decided to go get something to eat after we took a dip, and that pizza place had really good AC. So we get to the pizzeria, sit down, order our food, and wait. We were both chatting about random stuff (we were 14 yrs old btw) while we waited. Then a woman with her son, probably about 12 or 13 years old sat down at the table behind us. Here comes the fun part. Since it was an extremely hot day, we were wearing shirt stuff of course. I wore flip flops, shorts and a T, while my BF wore  a T, shorts and sneakers. Now, when I was born, I was born suffering from equinovarus, so I had to get surgery while I was a couple months old. That left me with some nasty scars above and on my ankles. But I didn't really care anymore, since I was less insecure about myself and my BF was there to support me for anything. Then EM decided to step in.


EM: You should cover up.


Me: *turns around* Pardon?


EM: You should cover up. Nobody wants to see those disgusting things on your feet. Wear shoes like your brother here (she thought my BF was my brother, understandable)


Me: I'm sorry, but I don't really care about my scars. If people don't like them, they shouldn't look at them.


My boyfriend was listening to our little 'chat' and decided to step in as well.


BF: Excuse me, ma'am, I'm his boyfriend, not his brother, and we're on a date. If you could stop bothering us, that'd be great.


Meanwhile her son was just focused on his phone, not even paying attention to us or his mother 

EM: Excuse me?


BF: You heard us. We're dating. Now if you could leave us alone, we'd appreciate it.


The EM was NOT having it and got mad.


EM: Excuse me?! You two are dating?! YOU ARE DISGUSTING! YOU GUYS ARE STILL CHILDREN AND FAGS ALREADY? DESPICABLE!!


Every other customer in the place coukd hear her now and they started watching us.


EM: How dare you say you're DATING TO ME?! YOU TWO ARE KIDS AND FUCKING ALREADY!!!


Her kid noticed EM get up from her chair and begin yelling at us more, while we just gave her the death glare. Then another customer stepped in to help us.


C: Excuse me. Why are you yelling at these boys?


EM: BECAUSE THEY'RE FAGS! THEY DON'T BELONG HERE!


C: Just because they're a bit different doesn't mean you have the right to yell at them and harass them like that...


EM: SHUT THE FUCK UP YOU STUPID BITCH! DID I EVEN ASK YOU ANYTHING? NO! THEN STAY QUIET!


Her kid started to roll his eyes like this wasn't the first time this happened.


EM: I WANT THESE FAGGOTS OUT OF THIS PLACE RIGHT FUCKING NOW!


The workers called the manager to come help. The manager comes in and starts asking questions.


M: What's going on here?


EM: I WANT THESE TWO KIDS OUT OF THIS PLACE NOW!


M: Ummm...explain why please.


EM: BECAUSE THEY'RE LITTLE FAGS WHO DON'T KNOW HOW TO RESPECT PEOPLE!


Me and BF's jaws just dropped. We never even looked at her or said anything to her that would have even offended her this much.


Then K decided to step in.


K: Mom, stop. And you wonder why you're banned from many places.


EM: You stay quiet!


K: No. I'm tired of you nitpicking every person just doing their business. This is why dad left you.


EM: I TOLD YOU TO STAY QUIET!


We were all now just in complete awe. I'm not surprised her husband left her, I would have never even married her if I knew she was like that.


M: Ma'am please leave.


EM: I'm not leaving!


M: Suit yourself. I'm calling the police then.


EM then grabs her kid by the arm, and bolts out of the store with him.


5 minutes later, K comes back into the shop to apologize to us.


K: Sorry about my mom. She's always like this. She's banned from most restaurants here.


At this point we just felt so bad for the kid because it's not even his fault. We just say it's fine and he shouldn't be worried about it. The kid thanks us and then leaves the store.
The manager offered us a free meal as an apology for what happened. We get our free pizza and drinks, have a good laugh and move on. I never knew what happened to EM afterwards and I haven't even seen her outside. We still laugh about it to this day./nOk, so I'm a sixteen year old girl with a severe chronic pain disorder called Fibromyalgia. This means I have constant pain in all my joints and just generally, and get agonising flare-ups where I struggle to breathe, move, eat, do anything really. All my joints dislocate super easy too. It also leads to sleep problems, and problems with mental health such as anxiety and depression.

On this particular day, I was on my way home from school on the tram, sat in a disabled seat. There's very rarely any seats on my tram, but a lovely lady in her late fifties moved for me when she saw me get my disability bus pass out. I was having a really bad day, and was in visible pain, especially as the tram bumped and moved. I had both my earbuds in, and my music was turned up super loud. EM was stood in front of me with her son (about eleven-twelve). She was staring at me trying to make eye contact. My friend made me aware of this, so I not-so-politely asked her what her problem was. I get a lot of people giving me dirty looks because I'm only young and I sit in the disability seating, and honestly I'm done with it. EM is her, M is me, EK is kid.

M: What? Do you have a issue with me?

EM: Yes, actually. You're in a seat you don't need or deserve.

(My friend, we'll call her K, put her hand on my shoulder and rolled her eyes)

K: Yes, she does. Not that it's any of your business.

EM: It is my business to stop nasty little teenagers getting away with whatever they want. You aren't disabled, so clearly you don't need that seat.

M: Excuse me but I do, not all disability is visible.

(I show her my hospital authorised bus pass- most people accept this and often apologise)

EM: Oh I bet it's for mental health- you're one of those snowflakes who're sad a lot.

M: Actually I'm not, I have a chronic pain problem blah blah blah (I just ignore the horrid comment about mental health, and calmly explain my problem

EM: Oh! (clearly thinking) My son has that too! (She then butchers the pronunciation of my disorder) It's horrible isn't it!

M: Yes, so you clearly understand good and bad day then (her son had been running round jumping and stuff, but I was giving her a chance) so you'll get that I'm having a bad day today. That's why I sat here.

EK: MUMMY! I WANT THAT SEAT NOW, WHYS IT TAKING SO LONG?

(Through our whole conversation, EK had been nagging her while she ignored him)

EM: See! He needs the seat to play his game- its important to him! It helps him.

She then grabs me by the arm and pulls really hard. I scream as my elbow begins to pop out of its socket, followed by my shoulder. This gets the conductors attention, who comes over, sees my absolutley sobbing in K's arms, my elbow already red and swollen, along with a huge red mark where she grabbed me. The conductor informed her she would have to get off the tram at the next stop, and that the police would be waiting for her. She begins screaming at the conductor, and her son throws herself to the floor at my feet, hitting me repeatedly in the knees with the switch, which I think broke the controller.

We're pressing charges for assault, and we have security camera footage, eye witnesses and hospital reports to back me up./nYou know the drill here...  


EM: Entitled Mom  
Me: Yours truly  


As the title suggests, I was standing in line at the grocery store waiting.  I was holding a box of Pop Tarts and three tins of cat food (priorities..  ;) ).

I heard someone push their cart up behind me in line and I moved up a couple more steps to give them room.  The person behind me cleared their throat.  I remained facing forward because.. well why would I have turned around?  


The person behind me cleared their throat again.  A far more fake and "Ah HEM" sort of throat clear so I turn my head to look at them and smile, not quite sure what's going on..

&#x200B;

EM:  I need to get ahead of you in line.  
Me:  I'm sorry...?  
EM: I NEED to go AHEAD of you in line.  


I then look at her cart, which is STACKED and then at the few things I'm holding in my hands and hold them up a bit before replying:  


Me: I just have a few things, it'll be super quick.  
EM: I have a CHILD with me, if you haven't noticed, I need to go FIRST.  


I look again and there is a baby carrier in the front of the cart and the child is fast asleep.  
Now...  If someone had come up behind me in line with a screaming child they were trying their best to comfort to no avail, I would have stepped out of line and let them go ahead of me without them having asked.  No question.  
But to have some lady push up behind me with a sleeping child, a crammed cart of food and demand to go ahead of me because they had a child...  I'm not as keen.  So I shake my head.

&#x200B;

Me: No, I'm sorry, I've been waiting here for a bit and I'd like to get out. I only have a few things and will be quick.  


I turn back around then and face towards the cashier and the lady behind me starts huffing. And scoffing.  Like she's just totally disgusted with me for being so selfish.  She shifts her cart around, making pained noises like it was just too much for her to bear with.  And I start to feel uncomfortable and like this wasn't worth the argument  and maybe I should just let her go ahead of me.  Then the cashier catches my eye and gives me this kind of evil smile.  And reaches over and hands me her "please use the next cash sign" and asks me to put it behind my things when I set them down.  She then calls over me to disgruntled mom and tells her she'll have to get into a different line because she was closing her till after me.  


EM just lets loose with the curse words, wheels the cart around hard enough that a bunch of stuff falls off the top.  Her child, predictably, wakes up and starts crying while she's picking up her things.

I'm guessing I looked rather bewildered because the cashier laughed at me and said quietly "I'm a mom with three kids.  I hate it when other moms use their kids like they're some sort of disability that entitles them to special treatment."

  
I leave rather happy that not every parent in the world is entitled.  ;)/nHeads up - I'm on mobile

This is from the summer of 2018. My father travelled for business for 15 years or so, and he had racked up an insane amount of miles (in the high hundred-thousands). But early in 2018, he decided to quit and start his own business and  being the amazing dad he is, decided to give me all his miles for my birthday (He set the standard pretty high for birthday presents XD). 

Anyway, I decide to visit my grandparents in rural India, so I book a first class ticket through Lufthansa. It would be my first time flying first class and I was pretty giddy. 

This is where it gets interesting.

EP - Entitled Parent
C - Child
M - Me
S - Steward 

A few weeks later, I'm at the gate waiting to board and I notice a mother(EP) and her child(C) (Around 12-13) also waiting for the same flight.
The stewards finally announce that it's time to board and the like the crazy animals we are, all of us rush to the gate. The stewards get pissed and tells everyone to sit back down and then announce that they are only letting in First Class and parents/guardians with children board first. I go and wait in line and notice that EP and EC are standing beside me in the other line. 

Side note for the next part - I don't look very old. Infact, I have a baby face. I easily look 6-7 years younger than I really am.

The line was moving slowly because there was an issue with the scanner. EP looks at me and starts talking.

EP: Why are you in the first class line?

M: Because I'm in first class? Why else?

EP: You must be in the wrong line. You see, first class is not for people like you, you better sit down and wait to be boarded.

M: I "paid" to be in first class.

EP: That's IMPOSSIBLE! Look at you!

At that point I arrived at the counter and they scanned my ticket.

S: Welcome Mr.xxxxxx, go through this corridor and the attendee for your deck will escort you to your seat. (Just hearing that made me feel excited lol)

EP now realising my ticket was legit:

EP: HE STOLE IT. THAT WAS MY TICKET AND HE TOOK IT FROM MY BAG! JUST LOOK AT HIM! DOES HE LOOK LIKE HE BOUGHT IT?

Me and the steward look at each other in disbelief. We just had this look like, 'Is she serious?'. The child clearly hated what was happening and kept telling his mom to stop.

C: Can you please stop? Everyone's looking (Crying)

EP: I'M TELLING YOU, HE TOOK IT! AND LOOK, HE'S MADE MY KID CRY! 

The whole situation was just so sad. I felt bad for the kid for having a parent like that.

I continued on my way and enjoyed the flight. I was told that they were never let on board because she had apparently called me some racial slurs.


TL;DR - EP didn't believe that I was in first class and demanded that I wait to board economy class. After realising my ticket was real, she claimed that the ticket was hers and accused me of stealing it. She was denied boarding for calling me racial slurs.


EDIT: I didn't expect the overwhelming responses! And for that, I'm truly thankful. I also apologize to anyone for not responding to their questions, I'm trying my best XD. 

Another note: I have dealt with a lot of EP's and CB's in my life mainly because of my dad's social status (Although I live by myself and I'm pretty broke lol). So if you'd like, I can post more horror-stories/bad encounters with EP's in the future.

/nHeya folks, yesterday I encountered another parent who thought they have superiority over me. They don’t. I can buy whatever I want, whenever I want because I am an adult.

Unfortunately for me, I got sick right after Easter weekend. I described it to my mom as your average flu with a drizzle of diarrhoea and sprinkled with tummy cramps. Fantastic. I’ve been working at home this whole week (bless my job) and didn’t get out of the house often. Yesterday, I was finally feeling a tad better, and my boyfriend suggested we meet up at our local grocery store to buy some dinner. Wonderful idea, it gets me out of the house and we spent a bit of time together.

On my way to the store, bf called that he was running a bit late due to the huge traffic jams in the city. Fine by me, I can wait. Next to our grocery store is a liquor store and I just received my salary. I had money $$$. Nah, not that much, but enough to sparkle the brilliant idea to buy me a bottle of whisky. Got into the store, picked two whisky’s (Laphroaig 10yo and a Naked Grouse, for those interested), paid, and got out of the store with my two baby bottles.

I was just standing outside the grocery store and the liquor store with my bottles in hand waiting for my boyfriend. Doing nothing really, other than checking my phone every now and then to see where bf’s at (yay WhatsApp location share).

In comes Dolores, slightly chubby mom with her two kids of 10 and 7. I was paying attention to my phone, so I didn’t see her getting in but why should I bother, right?

Dolores tapped on my shoulder and said, “Pardon me, little girl, but you’re definitely not old enough to buy these bottles.”

She actually tries to pick the bottles out of my arm! I jump back, protecting my bottles with my phone in hand. My face had an expression which Dolores certainly didn’t like.

“What do you think you’re doing, young lady!”

“What do you think *you’re* doing?” I respond. “You cannot just assume that I’m not old enough to buy liquor and then proceed to steal it from me! I’m 23, and you keep your hands to yourself! Besides, shouldn’t you be a role model to your kids and teach them not to be nosy and steal from other people?”

This comment did not sit well with her. At all.

“Don’t lecture me on how to raise my kids! You’re not a mom! You know nothing, you filthy alcoholic! Leave this store, or I’ll call the police!” She screams.

If you looked real close, you could see steam coming out of her ears and nose. Her kids looked terrified and tried to hide behind their mom. I really felt sorry for the kids, but I’m not going to leave the store just because she’s sticking her nose in my business.

“You can call the police all you want, but you know you’re going to lose. There are tapes in the liquor store that shows me buying these bottles and showing my ID card to the cashier to verify that I’m old enough to buy it at all. I’ve done nothing wrong. I was only waiting here, and you are making that a living hell. Just get your ugly ass nose out of my business and do your shoppings.”

Dolores was fuming, but she knew I was right. She stomped off into the store with her kids in tow. Just shy of a minute later my bf arrives, and we get in the grocery store as well. I put the bottles in our cart, and we get in a discussion about what we should get for dinner.

In the corner of my eye, I see a hand reach into our cart to the bottles. It is Dolores again! This time, however, bf is with me, and he can become intimidating quickly.

“What do you think you’re doing?!” said my bf in a very stern tone.

“She is an alcoholic, she doesn’t deserve this,” Dolores responded. Oh my, such a classic, but bf is not satisfied with that answer.

“First, she is NOT an alcoholic. How would you even know, we don’t know you? Second, she just enjoys her whisky every now and then and likes variation. Do you enjoy eating fries every day, because you look like you do, but don’t you like to replace it with a pizza every now and then? Third. Don’t. You. Dare. Insult. Her. Again.”

With every word he spoke, it looked like he became bigger and bigger. Dolores shrank and became smaller and smaller. It was a delight to see.

She got her hand out of the cart, huffed and puffed like every entitled mother does, and continued doing her shopping. Every time we came across her in the shop, she gave us a death glare and quickly walked the opposite way just to get away from us.

After dinner, me and bf laughed the situation off while enjoying a glass of whisky./nAlright, fair warning I come across as a bad guy in parts of this, but I was 13 at the time and I acted in the interests of my 13 year old self and the people I was with. I don't condone doing this now but despite how fucked up it is, I still find it really really funny. Does that make me an asshole? Probably. 

Okay so I used to live in a small ish town in England and we lived on a cul-de-sac. There was the big one and four little ones each little one having about 4 kids living on it and some kids living on the two long streets between. 

Because there was so many kids we were all various ages but all hung out anyways. I think the oldest kid was 16 and the youngest was 3. We all looked out for each other and because we were bordered by two kind of rough areas on either side, we all were quick to react fighting to situations. 

None of us had great home lives so instead of being there we all went on the back fields and either climbed trees or played sports. I had just gotten a cricket set so we decided to have a game. 

There was about 12 kids there total some even came from the rougher areas to play and it was a wholesome non-violent environment where everyone was treating each other great, which was weird for our area. I was sure one of the little shits was going to try steal my bat but I'm bigger and faster so I don't really care. I could catch them. 

Anyways all is going fine until this kid turns up that we all hate. To be fair it's really not his fault. He has a learning disability (oh yes you see from the title and this sentence how I am about to come off as a bad guy already don't you?) But the learning disability is fine. We don't hate him for that. We have two other kids in the group with disabilities, one with down syndrome, (nicest guy ever) and one with autism. (mainly sat by the field and watched kind of quiet) 

Anyways this kid was the kind of kid who had gotten his way his entire life because every time he had had a minor issue he would just throw a melt down and people would fix it for him. He was  an entitled pos through and through and so we routinely mocked him but we still let him hang out with us because well, he was one of ours even if he was a dick. 

This guy comes waddling over (he's not fat) and he's like "I'm playing!" And we are like "sure whatever"  and he snatches the bat from someone and I say "come on you have to wait your turn" and the guy literally reees at me. He's not autistic. The autistic kids still sitting on the grass twiddling with dandelions sound as anything. This is just how he gets his way. 

Now this guys mental problems could be described as mild at best. He's perfectly capable of being normal and fine around adults. Kind of shy really but around us he takes the piss because he knows if we do anything he will go to his psycho mom and she will scream at people until it gets fixed. Lets call him Timmy from now on.

I decide it's not worth it and let him go first and he keeps missing the the ball but it's not worth explaining he only gets three goals so after about 5 minutes of him swinging badly on of the younger ones (Charlie) (about 4-7) walks up and asks him if they can have a go. I kid you not timmy just turns around and smacks the kid in the face with the bottom of the bat. 

We are all standing around in a moment of shock. Charlie falls to the floor and Timmy lifts the bat above his head like he's going to hit Charlie again so I do what any rational person does in this situation, I run at him and punch him as hard as I can in the fucking nose. Timmy crumples I pick the kid up and check him over make sure he isn't too badly hurt. I see blood but it's not bad but that makes me angry. 

There's no excuse for what I did next I can only hope you put yourself in my shoes but as soon as I saw that blood I was like "RAGE" So I turned around just as Timmy was getting up and I hit him again. He falls down again and I'm like "WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU?" I pick up the bat and at this point his mother has heard the commotion so comes running over. (Their house backs out onto the field.)

She sees me standing over her son, bloody bat in my hand and he's dazed on the floor holding his nose. Naturally she comes over and slaps me. Funny side note, his mom was genuinely called Karen but I think if I remember it was spelled carren

Karen with a c: WHAT DID YOU DO TO HIM?

Me: HE NEARLY KILLED CHARLIE WITH A BAT SO I HIT HIM?

Karen with a c: YOU CANT HIT HIM HE DOESN'T KNOW ANY BETTER. HE HAS A LEARNING DISABILITY!" 

at this point Timmy has recovered and is hiding behind his mom grinning at me. Little shit. 

Me: OH RIGHT YEAH, ILL JUST LET HIM MURDER CHARLIE NEXT TIME THEN SHALL I? BRILLIANT. 

Karen with a c: IT'S NOT HIS FAULT. HE DOESN'T UNDERSTAND.

ME: BULLSHIT PEOPLE WITH DYSLEXIA KNOW NOT TO MURDER PEOPLE WITH CRICKET BATS AND IF THEY DON'T THEY SHOULD BE LOCKED IN A PSYCH WARD. 

I think you guys get we are shouting now so I'm gonna continue without caps but it's still heated. 

Karen with a c: You kids never let him play!

Me: We always let him play! Murder is just against the rules!

Kwac: I'm going to tell your parents!

Me: Fucking go for it! I'll tell Charlie's parents too shall I? Be glad Charlie's brother isn't here Timmy would have been stabbed!

She stormed off and Timmy wasn't allowed out unsupervised after that, because once the community found out what happened, the rougher kids would pelt him with stones and call him child killer. I didn't throw stones at him for the record. I only hit him so he didn't actually kill the kid. I feel kind of bad about it but there was a long standing history of violence with this kid and other kids so I couldn't be sure he wasn't really trying to murder Charlie. 

Eventually the guy stopped using his problems as an excuse. He learned that people in our area wouldn't give him a pass for having a learning disability. It's amazing how many personality quirks get ironed the fuck out when you get the shit kicked out of you for starting with the wrong people. He definitely had problems but compared to how he is now, his biggest problems came from his mother babying him./nSo this happened today. I’m on mobile. 

Part 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bfleb0/em_assaulted_me_after_i_paid_for_two_officers/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

TLDR at bottom

I worked today from 2pm to 11pm(we close at 11.) 

So I work at a CFA(Chick Fil A) so if you work more than 5 hours, you have a required 30 minute break. I’m also on my Spring Break and I was scheduled everyday except for Wednesday. There’s a reason I’m telling you this. 

Me: me, myself and I 
F:Friend
Mng: Manager
PO1: Police Officer 1
PO2: Police Officer 2
EM: Evil Crotch Goblin Spawner
EK1: evil crotch goblin 1
EK2: evil crotch goblin 2

So I told one of the managers on deck today I wasn’t that hungry and so whoever wanted to go on break or was hungry could go. The way breaks go is whoever came in earlier goes on break first. Like I said I wasn’t that hungry and so my coworkers thanked me and they had their breaks. 

We had a rush when my manager came up to me after I finished taking this sweet elderly woman’s order and told me to go on break since I was the only person working more than 5 hours who had to take a break. I signed out of my register and went to the back to get my phone, keys and wallet, Yeti Cup(this has importance) and my backpack with my Mac and homework that my wonderful teachers gave me over the only break I’ve had since Winter Break. I came back up to clock out and went around the counter to get in line to order. My ticket said 6:04pm, so I’d get back at 6:34pm. 

When I’d went around the counter, I saw the two police officers who come to CFA a lot, usually late at night and I greeted them. I’m usually a front line worker so they know me well. I stopped and let me them pass me and moved behind them. 

PO2 stayed back at first to keep the doors open for... dun dun duh dun

EM and EK 1 and 2. 

They didn’t even thank or look at PO2 for holding the door. I shuffled in behind PO2 after letting him pass me. It was kinda rude because I did shove in front of EM and her little shets, but hey... I’ve only got thirty minutes to eat and we were getting a rush so it would take a bit to get my food.

I hear EM mutter something behind me but don’t pay her any attention. The line shuffles forward and PO1 and PO2 are arguing slightly over who’s paying when I looked up from my phone. The manager who told me to go on break was calling them to her register as she was swiping her card to put in the police discount (50%). 

I quickly moved around the bars and put my card while they’re ordering and they both kindly tried to stop me but I figured why not. 

Me: “It’s on me today guys.” 

Both PO1 and PO2 are like: “Nah bud. Don’t worry about it.” 

(Behind us) EM: can you guys hurry it up, I’ve got hungry kids here. 

I tell my manager to just tender it and she does. Both PO 1 and 2 thank me and I say it’s my pleasure (because I work at CFA, it’s honestly gotten to be a reflex.)

I move up to the register and it’s my employee discount so it’s up to $7, and I just pay the extra. I order my usual, spicy sandwich, add pepperjack and bacon(bacon has importance and both of these cost a bit extra) and a large fry. I just pay the extra dollar something left over and I get some sauces and go sit in the back room so I can start my work. 

Unfortunately, the backroom has a glass window where the playpen is, so kids can watch you as you try to enjoy those 30 minutes of peace. Which is hard when all you hear is them screaming. I sit down and face the window of playpen so I can lean against the wall and relax while I wait for the food. I put my backpack in the seat to my right, I lean against the wall to my left. 

The PO1 and PO2 got their food, ate and they came into the back room saying thanks again, and we talked for a bit. When I say they were cool guys, I mean it. They literally came and talked with me for a bit and cracked jokes. 

After a couple minutes had passed:

PO1: “We should probably get out of your hair and enjoy your break before people start to think we’re interrogating you.” 

They were both standing while I was sitting so it looked a bit like that. 

PO2: “Thanks again buddy.”

Me: “Don’t worry about it. Think of it as my thanks for keeping us safe.” I said as I waved bye to them. They left and my food came, there were no spicy filets down so I had to wait a bit. 

I was doing my homework and eating when my friend FaceTimed me. Behind me was the wall where there’s a large window so I caught glare on my phone. I adjusted my phone so it was like I was recording the kids in the playpen, I didn’t know. 

EM comes in a minute later all pissed. 

(still FaceTiming my friend and making plans for Wednesday with her and some other people.)
Me: Hi ma’am. 

EM: “You’re a rude kid you know that. You’ll pay for those officers but you won’t pay for me and and my kids. They’re starving”

She’s got her kids with her, both whining. 

Me: “Sorry?” I’m so confused 

EM: “You should pay for me and my kids food. Those cops probably just get fat eating donuts all the time, you don’t need to pay for them.” 

Me: “Ma’am I paid for them because I know them. They come here a lot and they’re both nice guys. Unfortunately ma’am, if your kids are so hungry you probably should’ve just ordered food, I’m sure you would’ve gotten it by now.” 

F: “TheGreenArrowDP2001, you there?” She asked and EM heard it 

EM: “What’s that? You pervert. You’re recording those kids. No wonder you sat there.” 

Me, (still confused and already getting tired of this goblin spawners bullshit):
“Hey let me call you back.” 

F: okay. 

EM: yeah you call your little perverted girlfriend back later so you rape her. 

I stood up and threw my sandwich down and she’s looks at it, then my work, my Mac and my cup. 

EM: “Look you pay for me and my kids food and I won’t tell everyone what a dirty little pervert you are. You have enough money to buy things like Yeti Cups and Macs so I think you can spend som money on me. And I thought Muslims don’t eat bacon.” 

(I’m not all that proud of this.)

“First off. Call me a pervert, and I’ll gladly call a manager to check the cameras. They’ve got hearing and they’ll hear me talking to my friend. 

Secondly. I’m not Muslim. I’m Hindu, and even if I was, what does that matter to some self absorbed weasel like you. 

Thirdly, I paid for those officers because they are nice, unlike you. And my Mac was a Christmas gifts from my parents. The Yeti Cul was a gift from my friend who I was having fun flaunt to before you rudely interrupted us and I had to let her go. 


EK1: I want a drink I’m thirsty. 

EK2: Me too. 

EM literally points them at my Yeti Cup and they both go at it. 

Now I’m at work so it’s not like I can just shove those kids away so I made for my drink and EM literally shoves into me, making me slam into the table and I toppled on to one of her little entitled shits, meanwhile the other one doesn’t know how to fucking pull the lid on my cup back and slams it into the table repeatedly until my lid pops off. Now here’s the worse part. My food, Mac and fucking homework gets soaked with root beer and all this bitch says is: Haha

Me: now in pain and pissed: 
“Are you serious. You just say Haha. You just ruined my work, my computer and food. On top of that, you shoved me and now my ribs hurt and you made me fall on your kid, who is crying”

I literally shit you not, EM screams this. 

“You were about to molest my child and I pushed you out of the way.  You’re a disgusting perverted boy who touches kids.” 

Now at this point, people had seen what was really happening and my managers were called. I’m still on the floor, my ribs hurt a bit, her kids crying next to me while the other shit is making a even worse mess of my cup, which is currently dented on the sides and the bottom so it doesn’t even sit right. 

Thankfully, my manager figured what was happening. 

This shit was insane. She starting calling my manager, who is a freshman in college, same as me, a molester too, screaming and cursing at her. I felt bad for her way more than I felt for her crying little waste of space. 

My managers came to help and they threatened to call the police. And she went out, literally kicking me as she went to grab her still crying kid and yanked them both out of the restaurant, meanwhile EK1 still had my Yeti Cup. 

I get up and I’m still so fucking pissed because now my Mac is sticky, the keys and the mouse pad (which is the reason I’m telling this on mobile), my homework and food is drenched and I’m a bit dizzy for a couple seconds. My managers helped me get my stuff settled while one manager apologized like the other families who’d been in the dining area. 

I was literally so pissed. Thankfully, my managers told me to just stay here for a bit and they’d just promo my food. The manager who rang up my food came and had my her break with me and we just chilled for a bit until I was calm again. We finished eating and clocked back in and she asked me if I wanted to go to the window since it was slow right now. I said yes and we swapped registers and like she said, it was slow. A car finally pulls up and they order, and my friend tells me to just repeat it all because there were kids screaming and he couldn’t hear it all that well. 

They pull up to the window and once again, I shit you not. This bitch came through the fucking drive-thru. She saw me and just stopped at the window, her little shit was in the passenger seat still holding my dented Yeti Cup. And I literally watched her roll down the passenger window, and grab my cup from her kids hands and chuck it out before driving off, screaming that I’m a rude pervert and whatnot. 

I literally just kept working, and the manager who I had my break with got my cup for me and I was just quiet with my coworkers and managers until I got home and had to explain everything to my parents. 

Honestly, this bitch didn’t just ruin my cup, my Mac or my day. She ruined my whole Spring Break. I’m going in tomorrow to talk to my boss because we are filing an complaint and we did call the police. We got her car model and her license plate so if guys want to know what happens then let me know. 

TLDR: 

EM bitches at me for not paying for her and her kids food after I paid for two officers food. 

And while I was on break her kids ruin my homework, expensive cup, Mac and she shoves me and called me a pervert. 

She comes through drive-thru and then throws my cup out of the car while driving off and screaming lies about me. 
She’s going to be caught most likely so yeah. That’s the start of my Spring Break./nSo a little bit of backstory. I have lived in my house for quite a while and we live in a pretty rich neighbourhood with a lot of wealthy families (it’s actually all just rich people some of which are very very well off) my family is fairly well off as-well but my parents both work very hard (this kind of ties to the story). (Em) = entitled mother (Ec)= entitled child. This is very long TLDR at bottom 

So my house sits right next to a storm pond. It’s pretty large and it freezes over in the winter. I grew up playing hockey and o was very good. The best around at that time though everyone else caught up in due time. One year my dad decided to see if the ice was thick enough to skate on and sure enough, it was. That year my dad ended up shovelling an entire hockey rink sized portion of the pond so that me and friends that lived in my neighbourhood could play some hockey. One day we looked out to see some older kids playing hockey and we realized our pond had become a neighbourhood thing where kids and even adults would come out to play. My dad loved the fact that we could help put the neighbourhood and see that HIS rink was allowing people from our neighbourhood to come together hang out and get to know each other. My dad ended up pooling some money to get HUGE lights that illuminated the entire rink so you could play even at night. I loved to go or and play some hockey and I soon realized that one other kid was out there all the time. He was around my age and very good as was I at the time. We played together every chance we got he was very nice and polite and I spooned learned he was staying with his aunt (Em) and his cousin (Ec). One day my dad put out a sign that the rink was reserved for the day because we were hosting a party for MY team and we wanted to have the rink as we already had around 20 kids playing and more than that would just get crowded along with the fact that a lot of the regulars were older hence better. Cue Em.
Em pulls up onto the road, the ice rink is clearly in full view from the road and she sees 20 plus kids all in the same uniform playing hockey. 
She proceeds to walk up and read the sign my dad left. This still doesn’t stop her.

Em drags her kid to the rink and begins to tie his skates when my dad walk over to explain the rink was reserved. This incident was a long time ago so I don’t remember the conversation as well but I’ll stick to the main points

Dad: Hi Em, my sons team is having their team party here today so we reserved the rink for his team exclusively 

Em: (apparently cuts out half of what my dad said and proceeds to blurt our something similar too) “Oh, perfect (Ec) can just play with them for the afternoon” 

By now she had finished tieing her sons skates and begins to walk away apparently she was just gonna use us as a daycare as she just lived down the street. 

Dad: No, Em you need to take Ec with you there’s already too many kids and we aren’t babysitting YOUR child.

Em: Just look after him for a few hours I want to go home

Dad: take him with you he won’t be playing with us 

This seems harsh but Em already had a reputation of dumping Ec on other families at the rink and Ec was known for being overly rough when playing and just plain rude ( he also wasn’t the best and regularly got mad when someone was better than him

Em: Continues to walk away and get in her car

Dad: what a b***h 

We allow Ec to play with our team until one of the better players on my team deekes around him like it’s nothing and scores

Ec follows him down the ice only to swing his stick into the side of my teammates leg.

Dad: Ec what the f**k are you doing 

My teammate is crying obviously

Ec: says nothing and begins to cry

My dad makes him sit out to the side until his mom comes back to get him while still keeping watch and making sure he’s okay

Em return shortly thereafter only to see her son crying off to the side this obviously didn’t slide with her.

Em “ what the hell are you doing”

Dad: already knows what she’s going to say so he blurts out
“ we told you your son wasn’t welcome yet you still dumped him on us anyway and after we allowed him to play he injured one of my players who had to leave to go get Fibreglass from your sons stick out of his leg.”

Em: has no response and packs up her crying child and leaves without another word

The story doesn’t even end here it gets even worse

The rink only got more and more popular and people from other neighbourhoods would come to play on it and one year my dad made 20 2 metre high wooden boards to surround the rink we went all out.

Until finally one winter it never got cold enough for the rink to freeze and the same happened for the next couple years. Until this winter.

The rink finally froze over the week I am posting this and me and my friend  just shoveled out a small playing area as it was just us two we played on the rink for a few days until today when Em drove past 

I forgot to mention my house is in the only road into our neighbourhood so to get in you have to pass.

Me and my friend saw as Em pulled up to the curb and began to stalk towards us.

Em: will you be continuing the hockey rink this year??

Me: I guess I’m just doing this pretty much (pointing out to the small shovelled portion)

Em: why only this??

Me: my dad currently isn’t home and I don’t have the time or know how to continue what my dad has done previously and I also had exams coming soon. 

Em: well you should we deserve it

What now?

Me: excuse me?

Em: you did it previously and you owe us it now since we haven’t been able to use it for the past few years. 

Me: we did that as a project to pass the time we don’t have that kick spare time now and I’m not going to do all that work because the temperature is supposed to rise to 5 degrees the next day ( yes I’m in Canada) 

Em: still Ec could use the rink tonight make sure you have a bit done I’ll bring him over soon.

Me: I’m not doing s**t 

Em: excuse me? You better Ec deserves to use the rink and this ain’t good enough for him

Me: getting annoyed and also cold at this point
I don’t care about Ec he can do it himself if he wants

Em: do it by the time I get back or else I’ll call someone

Me: go ahead 

A few years ago the city put up signs saying that the pond was a hazard fearing that someone could fall through and they couldn’t get sued they put a number to call if someone was skating on the rink

Em left but returns about 30 minutes later with her brat of a son who had earned a reputation of being an all around jerk and still not a good player my friend was a AAA player and fro all you non hockey fans that’s basically the best you can get for minor leagues 

Em: what the f**k you haven’t moved

I just start to ignore her at this point

Em: fine see if I care
She goes back to sit in her car and begins talking to someone on the phone while glaring at me and my friend. I didn’t know at the time but she was on the phone with the city telling them people were skating on the pond.

She then tells us that we were in trouble because we called the city. 

Me and my friend didn’t care as we had been out there for a while as it was and we were cold so we left and went back inside Em sat and watched Ec for a while until a white car with the cities logo on it pulls up

Em turns around as the man gets out and tells him

Em: I called it’s okay though now the kids are gone

Man: mam who’s skating right now then?

Em: oh that’s just Ec my son

Man: lady I’m going to have to give you a fine for misusing City property

Em: WHAT WE DIDNT DO ANYTHING THE OTHER BRATS ARE GONE NOW  

Man: mam you just told me that’s your son out there right now,

I heard this all from the comfort of my living room and could surprisingly hear it all as she was very loud.

He hands her a fine I don’t know for how much but the sign says minimum $500 

She basically played herself 

TL;DR woman leaves her brat with my hockey team after being told no comes back years later thinks she’s entitled to us doing work so her son can enjoy a hockey rink calls the city on us gets herself a fine because her son went out to skate right after

Edit: I have more experiences with this Em and who know maybe some in the future just let me know if you guys would be interested 

Edit again: thanks for all the support on this post it’s awesome maybe next time I’ll use some of your suggestions./nHello hello! So context, my son was born May 11th. We both had doctor’s appointments so I brought my mom along to have an extra set of hands. My name was called first and I had some things that I wanted to talk to the Dr. about seriously and didn’t want to be distracted with the baby, so I decided to let Grandma keep Squish in the waiting room while I went in.

This all happened while I was talking to the Dr so it’s all what I was told by my mom, let’s go!

Cast:

Squish: My wonderful baby boy
Grandma: My Mom (Squish’s Grandma)
Entitled Mommy shammer: Karen

So after I left Grandma was watching Squish while he played in his car seat. She was talking to him and playing too and they were just overall minding their own business. The Karen and her daughter (who was an angel as Grandma said) stepped out of the elevator and into the office. Grandma didn’t pay attention to her and her kid took a particular liking to Squish.  She wanted to see him and hold his hand. She was very gentle with him. After checking in Karen came over and sat across from Grandma and rolled her eyes.

Karen: Sweetie, come here. We don’t know what kind of defects that baby has.

Grandma: Excuse me?

Karen: You’re far to old to be having babies. You child probably has ton of defects and I don’t want my daughter to play with defective children.

Grandma: Are you serious? Do you hear how incredibly crazy you sound?

Karen: I’m not the crazy one. You waited too long and now your baby is defective. That’s why you’re here isn’t it? Well I hate to break it to you but no doctor can fix your stupid mistake!

Grandma: Listen lady, that is my grandson! And I don’t know who you think you are to tell me or anyone else when to have a child. You are not any sort of authority to me. I don’t answer to you. The only one I answer to is God and he doesn’t take too kindly to people like you who judge others. 

From what Grandma told me Karen’s mouth hung open as grandma went on with her rant. She quoted Bible versus like Mathew 7:1-2 and Luke 6:37. Basically saying that God was gonna judge his lady hard for what she was saying. But my favorite part was how she ended her rant;

Grandma: Now I will forgive you for your judgement because I don’t know what challenges God has put before you, but I hope you use this as starting point to get yourself in check and figure out why you feel the need to judge others in the first place. 

This went on for awhile with Grandma cutting off Karen anytime she tried to speak. By the time I got out of my appointment things had settled; but you could’ve cut the tension with a knife. Karen at with her arms and legs folded,teary eyes, and a red face.

While I think my Grandma could have been a little less harsh I know that her intentions were clear and that God can forgive her and hopefully Karen. I hope Karen finds peace in herself someday.

Edit: Karen thought that Squish might have defects because as women get older the chance of birth defects go up. However the chance is still very minimal./nBrace for impact, because this is a doozie, and this was last year.

I am in a Tang Soo Do class (Korean karate. It's like Tae Kwon Do, but more traditional), and I'm a dang good fighter. It was sparring day, so I immediately am pretty excited. Now in the changing room, I'm getting into my uniform and pads, and then the asshole of my belt level (Red, but this guy has the form and discipline of a white belt) walks in with his usual swagger. I just ignore him, until he starts roughing up my hair. After telling him to stop several times, and him still doing it, I just slug him in the gut, with my padded fist. He walks away a bit pissed, and I go down to the main floor and get warmed up. Then he comes down, puts on the communal pads for the people without gear of their own, and starts roughing me up again, saying things like "learn to balance" or "kick faster" (I was doing jump-kick combos where I would need to do five things within the one second I was in the air, so I was getting pretty off balance upon landing), and I just say "I'll take your advice when your front punch stops looking like you're doing the Whip and your block stops looking like the Nay-Nay.''

&#x200B;

Now the Grand Master goes onto the floor and tells us to get in line by height to begin sparring. So now I'm in line at attention, when I see the kid out of the corner of my eye telling the Grand Master that I punched him in the changing room. The Grand Master goes to me, asks if I did, I admit it, say that he wouldn't stop roughing me up and that was why. I got ten extra push-ups because of the punch, but when the kid asked why I wasn't removed from the floor, the Grand Master says "Should've blocked."

&#x200B;

We get in line, and we do an activity where you basically need to win matches to move up a line, and the winner of each fight was the opponent for the next in line. I start , because I'm shortest in my class, but the kid is the second shortest. So now I am fighting him. Grand Master  explains the rules (first to three points, above the belt line, arms don't count, stepping out of the ring is a point for the opponent, no grabbing the opponent. I was referred to as blue, he was red). Judge is J

J: Round one. FIGHT!

He starts off by throwing a weird punch at my gut. I just sidestep and back fist him in the back of the head.

J: Point Blue! Round two. Fight!

He throws the same weird punch, so I sidestep the other direction and punch him hard in the gut.

J: Point Blue! Round three. Fight!

Now the idiot decides to front kick at me no-no zone (yay for sport cups, even if he didn't hit), and this has a very simple solution. smack his leg to the side, throws him off balance. From there, a swift punch to the chest ends the fight.

J: Winner Blue!

&#x200B;

class ends, and the kid, his dad in tow, approach me. Talk goes like this

EK- Entitled kid

ED- Entitled dad

Me/OP- malicious echidna/orange potato

KJN- Kwan jang nim, or grand master, who by the way has a very whimsical, fun-loving attitude.

&#x200B;

ED- You fought my son today?

Me- yes, what of it?

ED- You cheated. You grabbed him and did a take down for the last point!

me- no, I just knocked him off balance enough by using a kick that he threw. And he aimed below my belt line anyway.

EK- I would never do that!

me- you did, though.

ED- even so, he is still learning how to fight well. You should've gone easy!

me- He SHOULD have been learning to fight well for the past three years. He ignored KJM's lessons every second of it though

&#x200B;

Now ED calls over KJM to settle it.

&#x200B;

ED- get this piece of crap out of here!

KJM- What's the magic word?

ED- I'm not five, and the magic word is "Get him out or I will stop paying you!"

KJM- then I will stop teaching him.

ED- He cheated in the fight, he assaulted my son in the locker room, and he disrespects me right now!

KJM- I know about the changing room issue. and I watched the fight. He did not cheat. Your son, on the other hand, was aiming below the belt line on several occasions, even after his fight with OP.

&#x200B;

Then ED decides to try and punch KJM. in the balls. KJM dosen't even flinch. But ED goes to grasp his fist in pain. KJM had a sports cup. EK tries to attack me. I just put him in a wrist lock and forced him to the ground. When he started to tap, I stopped. I let him keep some sliver of pride. Then they left. Never saw them again.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: EK sucks at Karate, I beat him in a fight, then he assaults me and fails.

Note: wait... platinum? Did I read that right? I did! My first reddit award of any sort is platinum! Thank you much you very kind anonymous donor! Also, thank your to all of those who brought this to 3k updoots in just under 24 hours!/nSo, this is my first post on this subreddit, but it isn't my first entitled person story.  Obligatory not on mobile, English is my first language, and I don't really care about grammatical errors unless they're really bad so I most likely won't edit.  

&#x200B;

Some backstory:  I've been babysitting since I was about twelve years old.  I've been a summer-time nanny before I got a job at the restaurant I work at now, and I love being around kids.  Up until this point, I hadn't had to stop watching any particular child.  Usually, I would cease my services when children got old enough to be left home alone.  I was a junior in high school when this happened, and I knew the boys and EM really well beforehand (or so I thought), so I had no issue watching the children.  They were very sweet, polite, and well-behaved boys, and I never had any odd feelings towards the parents up until this point.  So when the boys' mother asked me if I was free to babysit them, I was like, sure why not?

About two days before I went to babysit, I did all of my usual "first-time-working-for-this-family" things:  Are there any allergies?  From when to when will I be watching the boys?  Are you comfortable with the pay rate we agreed upon still?  Do any of them need medication?  Everything was normal.  The plan was I was going to be babysitting from 4pm after school until 9pm that evening.  Feed the boys, give them a bath, get them in pj's, make sure the little one went potty before bed at 7 (he was 3 and was still getting used to not wearing pull-ups), and I would get paid when the parents got home from their dinner party, $5 per kid (2 boys) per hour, for a total of $50 when they arrive.  Keep that in mind.  

The night I'm supposed to babysit comes around.  It's a fairly normal experience.  The boys were, as they always were during church, well-behaved and respectful.  They stayed out of trouble while I made dinner.  They didn't get fussy during bath time.  Went to bed after a story and a few lullabies.  Everything was great.  I then had two hours to do my homework.  Great.  

Well, 8:30 rolls around and the EM texts me that they're going to be about thirty minutes late, as the party ended at 9 instead of 8:30.  I'm like, "eh, that's fine" and I text my dad, and he says it's fine.  So I go back to homework.  Now, me having no concept of time unless I'm really paying attention, I don't notice when 9:30 passes and it hits 10:30.  My dad calls, concerned because I'm not home yet.  I'm concerned too, because EM told me that she would be home only half an hour late, not an hour.  So I tell him I'll check in.  I text her, and I get no reply.  I try to call, and I end up having to leave a voicemail.  I wasn't left a number for the father (whom I hadn't met at all before this because he often traveled for work) because his phone was broken at the time and couldn't receive or send calls.  So I was stuck there until the couple got back.  I called my dad and let him know the situation, and he said that if she didn't get back to me by midnight to call the police.  I thought that was a bit excessive, but nonetheless I agreed.

11:00:  I text her again.  No response.  Call again, rings until voicemail, and I leave another one, still trying to be polite, but add a bit of urgency, as it is a school night and my dad expects me home.

11:30 hits, and I text her again.  This time I get a response:  "We're on our way now!  Don't worry!  We'll be there in 15 minutes."  So I'm relieved.  I text my dad, and he just tells me that he'll wait up for me.  I start packing up my stuff because I've finished my homework.  I check on the boys to make sure they're asleep but well one more time, and I'm prepared to go as soon as they walk in the door.  

11:45:  They don't show up.  I'm a bit annoyed now, but I give them the benefit of the doubt.  Maybe there was traffic.

Midnight:  Still aren't there.  I text her again, but this time, I'm not polite at all:  "EM, I need to go home.  My dad is worried and wants me home.  I have school tomorrow, and a physics test.  When will you be here?"  No response.  I put my stuff by the front door and text my dad again.  He's annoyed and tells me that if she doesn't show up by 1am then he's coming over to watch the boys so I can go home to bed.  

12:30:  I get a text:  "We'll be home in just a few.  We got hung up."

12:45:  The couple gets home.  I text my dad that they're home, and he says that he expects me home ASAP.  EM comes in with her husband, and neither of them look like they were in a rush.  I was visibly annoyed, and the husband looked extremely confused by this.  This is also the first time he has met me, and he thought I'd be older.  

EM:  "Thank you for watching the boys."  She hands me an envelope, and I look inside to see $40.  

Me:  "Umm...I don't want to be rude, EM, but you owe me more than this.

EM:  "We agreed on $40, right?"

Me:  "No.  $50.  $5 per kid, per hour."

This is when the husband chimes in.

Husband:  "Honey, we're really underpaying her then..."  He looked like he was doing the math in his head.

EM:  "No, we agreed upon this.  So this is what you're getting."  Now, I was stunned at this point.  Up until now, EM had never shown any signs of entitlement.  And after years of being around an alcoholic mother, I knew the difference between drunk and sober, and EM was completely sober.  So I was extremely confused.  

Husband:  "Honey, when did you tell her we'd be home?"

EM:  "1 am."

I can't hide my shock, but EM is already shooing me out the door.  I'm stunned as I'm pushed with my stuff into the driveway and given a swift goodnight.  I look at the contents in the envelope, and I am extremely angry by this.  I text my dad that I'm on my way home, and I start to get into my car to leave.  Until the husband comes out.

Husband:  "How much do I owe you?"

Me:  "Technically, almost $60.  But it's fine."

Husband:  "No, no, take this."  He hands me two twenties.  "I'm sorry about her.  She told me she had a sitter for the entire night.  I thought you were a college student.  That was unfair.  Drive home safe.  I'll pay you the rest this weekend at church."  

True to his word, he gave me the last twenty he owed me, as well as a bit of extra for the troubles.  This happened two more times before I refused to watch the boys anymore.  I still see the boys at church, and I love them to death, but I couldn't keep doing this as a high school student, and the boys (thankfully) understood.


Edit: So this blew up way more than I expected. 

A lot of people are asking why I let it happen two more times. When babysitting, I have a "3 strikes" policy, for both parents and children. For example, I no longer nanny for one family because the child would never listen to discipline and got physically violent with me if I tried to - 3 times. 

The other two times for this EM were during the day, and the husband always paid me $20 extra, after paying me what my rate was. They were very well-behaved kids, and they really liked me as a sitter. Each time I go to church, the boys always want to sit with me because they miss me. I almost threw out my 3-strike policy for these boys because I knew I would never have a more well-behaved duo (3 year old and a 5 year old boys as well). They never threw tantrums, never have me a hard time about bedtime/bath time, so I kept them until I just felt I couldn't: the third time./n(ON MOBILE)

Second time writing this coz I accidentally pressed cancel, so it might look a bit sluggish XD

Happened last week at school, but I didn't have enough karma to post yet so yea just now.

Anyways, I'm a Filipino 16 year old bodybuilder (5'8 160lbs/73kg), and after 2 years of hard work, I'm halfway to getting the body I've always dreamed of, especially from being 120lbs/50kg when I was 14 years old. I've gotten used to my classmates expressing their respect for my training, so it isn't uncommon for other guys from my school to ask questions about me. 

To note, I am bi. But I still did not know how this guy knew.

It was lunch break in our school, most of us were scrambling for what ever food is available in the canteen. I got 5 pieces of chicken breasts, and my friend got 2. We discussed about him bodybuilding as well, because he is well motivated from me to start gaining mass, mostly because of him too being skinny.

About halfway done with our meals, a 14-15 year old guy came up to us and taps my shoulder

ET: Entitled Teenager
EKD: Entitled Kid's Dad
Me: Meep
F: My respects

ET: Hi, do you two work out?

Me, slightly confused: Yeah, why?

ET: Can I have tips on bodybuilding? I'm kinda starting, and I really want to get big as you are.

F looks at me with a "Weird, but ok" look, so I let him sit beside me to talk to us. It went pretty normal, he genuinely sounds like he's interested for about 20 minutes. Asking me about my routine, how big my arms were, and other usual questions I commonly get asked... 

ET: Hey, weird question but may I feel your arms?

Me: Sure. (I'm pretty used to this as well.)

ET then proceeds to massage my arms.

ET: Wow, you are amazing.

F and I hears that an kinda gave up "Tf?" look

ET suddenly gropes my chest.

Me, gently pushing him back: Uhm, getting to much there man haha...

ET, still trying to reach for my chest: Don't you like it? *Grabs for my nipples and pinches it*

At that moment, I screamed and pushed him to let me go. F stands up to defend me (Thanks btw.)

Me: Yo, what the fuck is wrong with you?!

ET: Aren't you gay? Didn't you like what I was doing?

Me: No, you cunt! Go away, or else we're calling a teacher!

ET: Fuck you, you weak faggot. I was trying to help you! I'm telling my dad you're a gay fuck!

F: Yeah, no... *Throws water at his pants*

ET dodges and runs away.

After that, we had an angry laugh about it, and moved to another place, in case he comes back.

After school, we decided to go to the principal about the whole thing. Until we were stopped by his dad who was apparently looking for us near the principal's office.

D: Hi, are you the guy my son touched?

Me, thinking it'll be an EP outburst: Yeah, why? Did he say something else?

D: No, I just came to apologise... He's been a real push over lately, and he's been going to a gay phase and God I tried to make him repent.

Me, feeling a bit offended: It's ok, it happens (It doesn't).

After that, we basically talked about how immoral ET being gay was, as my friend tries to contain his laughter from the sole irony of me being Bi. (Being in a Catholic school is fun.)

The D gave me ₱500/$10 to compensate for his son's actions, which I accept coz lol money. We still told the principal and just this Monday, we had a short talk about the whole ordeal. The ET's dad wasn't surprised we told the principal, and was actually looking forward to talk to us with him too. ET didn't show up coz his dad didn't want him to go to school for a week as punishment. Other than that, the talk went ok, nothing happened other than ET being suspended for a week by the principal.

Moral of story, never let anyone touch u again lol.

TL;DR:
ET gropes my chest, calls me a fag, tells dad, gets suspended. 

And to people that might be curious on what I look like, here :p

https://m.imgur.com/a/dzvmKSL
https://m.imgur.com/a/vzOR2Hy

Edit: Oh my goshhh thanks for the upvotes :000 AND THE GOLD TOO HAAAAA!! Y'all know how to make someone happy XD 

As thanks, here's a photo of my arms (It's 15' inches flexed)
https://m.imgur.com/a/qGiL4Db

And also a chest pic for anyone who's wondering (Maybe this'll explain why he'd touch me lol)
https://m.imgur.com/a/kEXv1kK/nEdit: Guys I'm so overwhelmes with all the love and support I was given here! I really, really, REALLY appreciate this! Thank you.

Sorry in advance, but this is gonna be very long, kind of sad and more venting then anything, but I recently got an email about a family get-together, which reminded me exactly of **why** I do not want to ever see this part of my family **ever** again. 

&#x200B;

Here is my lengthy background.

 I moved to the US around 3 years ago and this happened around 2 years of me living in the US. I'm originally from Germany (so sorry if my English is wonky here and there), but met my husband there, he proposed to me while I was meeting his family in the US for the first time and I'm a fairly you-only-live-once kind of person. I had been waiting for my green card for nearly 2 years, when around Christmas time my grandfather had a stroke and shortly after died (he was 94). I was devastated because I had not been able to see him in nearly 2 years and he meant the world to me. Around 3 months after, my grandmother went on a walk and was hit by a driver, speeding out of his driveway without looking. She died not even a day after from how severe her wounds were. I woke up, to the news that my grandmother had passed, a week after finally getting my green card and two days after receiving her last letter urging me to write her again, because I hadn't done so for a while. My husband knew in how much pain I was and booked a flight for the very next day, even it really hurt our savings for a wedding ceremony, that we had planned for the coming October (I took 2 weeks of leave from my work, they weren't happy but they also couldn't afford to lose me, so they sucked it up.)

I cried a bunch on the plane, when I walked down the street I had walked so many times before and when I finally came through the door, with the house still smelling like she never left I broke down. Later my mom came to console me until she had to break the news that aside from me, my uncle, one of my 3 aunts and 2 of my cousins (who had 4 and 3 kids) would stay in the house as well. My mother was the only actual child of my grandmother, my uncle and my 3 aunts were my grandfather's and his first wife's (died of breast cancer) kids. They never had the best relationship with my grandmother because most of them were between 10-18 and didn't consider her their "real" mom. Also my family is suuuuper christian, but most of them are the stereotypical "holier than thou" kind of "Christians". My grandfather set it up that his children would only get his inheritance AFTER both grandparents pass, out of worry for my grandmother. Many of my aunts and my uncle had been very not so subtly voiced how happy there were about FINALLY getting "their" money.  I got two days of alone time in the house I pretty much grew up in until all hell broke lose.

&#x200B;

**The Cast** (there are more but these are the important ones)

EU> entitled Uncle

EA> entitled aunt 

CC> creepy cousin

me> you guessed it

S> my lovely sister

M> my mom

GM> my late grandmother

&#x200B;

2 Days after staying alone in the house EU and EA arrive. EU is a massive sexist asshole who preaches that women were created by god to serve men. On a side note, ALL of my aunts and uncles are filthy rich, one of my uncles literally is the head doctor of a gynecology clinic and pretty much owns it. They all have minimum 3 cars and nice houses. But they are all greedy and cheap.

First thing he does after saying hi is ask where my grandmothers put her expensive harmonicas. She had 4, beautiful silver ones. He says his daughter Sam wants to have one, but he "doesn't know which one" so he takes ALL of them. EA is searching for jewelry and takes all the money people bring as offerings for the cost of the funeral, most likely pocketing  it all. Most of the jewelry is in the room I'm staying in, but I kept it locked because I don't trust them. She actually asked me why I kept locking the door and I told her, because of the children that one of the cousins is bringing later and I like my valuables locked away. She proceeded to SCOLD me , and adult, how that "wasn't fair" and "how dare you don't trust us"

Both refuse to book a hotel, so they stay in the house, which isn't a big deal, but both expect to be taken care of. They send me and S, who spends most of the days with me to see that I'm doing okay to go buy groceries from OUR money, cook them food and do the dishes afterwards. Mind you, the flight alone cost me 3000$, because it's the bad kind of last minute and I only have so much money to spend (though my husband worked out a pretty generous budget for one person). I'm too beaten to fight this and I don't want to start drama, so I mostly comply. When me or S ask EU for help or money EU just brushes this off saying that those are womanly duties, he only helps with the dishes once. 

We start planning the funeral and EU says it should be "adults only". I'm a married 21 yo woman, so I wasn't budging in being involved. The following conversation goes on.

&#x200B;

EU: I think we can just leave the same ceremony, GM liked it and it would safe us time and effort.

me:\*just stares at him with a horrified look\* ...what?

M: \*too perplex to say anything\*

EA1: Yeah it was very nice last time, that's a great idea!

M: I don't think so....

me: **absolutely not**.

EU gives me an annoyed look.

me: she was her **own** person, she deserves her **own** funeral 

I'm holding back tears at this point, she RAISED him after his mother died and THIS is how he treats her??

He also tries to insert his darling daughter, a "famous" christian singer in as many musical pieces as possible. Me, M and S are firmly against this, as this is no time to show off and our voices are heard, she is only allowed to play instrumental numbers.

Me and my sister contribute a lot to the funeral planning, while EU just sits there with a sour expression, trying to put his dumb ideas into the planning as much as possible, but ultimately the ideas of me, S and M are better received by friends of my grandparents and the pastor. We even tell him stories about how my grandmother struggled as a child after the war, some anecdotes she used to tell us etc, which the pastor likes, because he likes knowing more about the person the service is for.

On an evening during the dinner me and S made, this horrible, horrible conversation ensues, after EU and EA praise what good Christians they are, while me and S are trying to not throw up in our mouths.

EU: you know, when I first heard about the accident my FIRST thought was with the poor man who drove the car! I would really like to meet him and tell him that not only God but WE also forgive him

EA nods in agreement and spews some more about forgiveness and how great god is. My sister, slams her hands on the table, gets up and leaves the kitchen. without a word. I sit there BOILING. 

EU: what's wrong with S? is her stomach upset?

I just look at him with. Baffled. Disgusted.

Me: did you just listen to yourself?? OUR first thought was with GM! How she was dragged under the car until that monster realized that he had a person under his car, he much PAIN she was in, how much she SUFFERED and how she died alone in the hospital. 

I break down in tears and go to my GM bedroom (the room I was sleeping in). He tries to tell me I can't talk to him like this and yada yada, but Me and S ignore him through the locked door, holding each other crying. EA tries to mediate, but EU is unreasonable and goes to his room. We don't speak about this again, in fact we don't speak with him at all

&#x200B;

Later that week, we go to buy the coffin and her flowers for her grave. EA and EU tried desperately to buy the cheapest of the cheap, as they don't want to lose much from "their" money ( all that stuff was taken out of my grandparents money). The lady from the morgue asks us if any of us want to see her, but warns us that it won't look nice, because of the cause of death. I'm the only want who does.

EU: you don't want to see that, she will look gross.

EA: yeah, you are better of not to. Who make yourself more upset.

me\*practically hissing at them\* I haven't seen for for TWO YEARS, and NOT by choice. I want to see her one last time. 

&#x200B;

I said not by choice, because when waiting on your green card and you apply for it when you are already in the US (adjustment of status) you are not allowed to leave the country or they will drop your entire case. Germany isn't very big, and while most of my relatives live far-ish away for German standards, most of them visited maybe once every 2 years, my cousins even less than that. Most of them would only see my grandparents every 5ish years for my grandfathers birthday, when he would hold family get-togethers and he would pay for food, hotels etc.

EU kept telling me I didn't know what was good for me, when I was a married, grown fucking adult.

I got so say goodbye, caress her cold cheeks and really make peace with the fact that she was gone and not just vanished.

&#x200B;

The day of the service is the worst. EU's 2 sons comes with their combined SEVEN children. They run around, scream, make a mess and their parents don't even attempt to clean anything. the carpet is now stained with mud, cabinets are open, food is being left out etc. Some kids gossip about how "nasty" my grandmother looked (no one saw her but me and EU later, so he must have told them) and how "that girl" ( me btw) still went to see her. I keep telling my Cousin to tell his kids to simmer down, but he ignores my pleas.

The service was nice, the pastor had noticed how me, M and S were the ones truly affected by this and addressed us directly a few times during the service. Some of my relatives were chatting and laughing during the service right behind me, which made me really mad. They couldn't even keep up the facade of grieving children for the duration of the service.

When GM was put under the earth and people gave us (me, M and S) their condolences (they were pretty much forming a line to do so) CC came up to hit on me WHILE giving me his condolence, saying stuff like "you look so beautiful", "I missed you so much" and "I'm sooooo glad to finally meet you again" right next to GM's grave. I felt sick. He had been overly touchy and creepy in the past, but not only was I married but I was LITERALLY next to the grave of my grandmother that had just been put in the ground.

&#x200B;

The after party was people celebrating like it was your normal get together, everyone was cheery and you wouldn't be able to tell that this was a funeral if no one had told you. My cousin tried to creep at me a few times and other relatives tried to be overly friendly, while talking about all the money they would be making. After eating I just wanted to leave. On my way out I encountered Sam, the christian singer who had been wailing non stop, telling me how she must be the saddest person here because she is still crying. I just stood there silent, trying not to punch her. I had not seen them for 2 years.  Two fucking years. and here stood this chick, crying over a person she only cared to visit after 5 ish years ONLY when my grandpa was on his death bed and went straight to abandoning GM again. She cried some more and tried to ask me how I was, how I've been but I kept it short because I just wanted to get out. i couldn't take this anymore. she gave me 100 Euro in Cash for my mother, I guess she meant it as an offering, but to me it was guilt money. My mom gave it to me because she knew how much money I had lost over this trip.

&#x200B;

After the service me and S had to clean the entire house because of the horrible state EU,EA and the children left the house in within that one day.

&#x200B;

It wasn't all horrible, as I was able to see my grandparents house again, I got to read a bunch of love letters that my grandpa had send to my grandma, that she had kept and some of her journals.

&#x200B;

A few months after They told us to write on a list what things we wanted from the house. I had already taken some books GM had read me as a child and a picture she has drawn. I wanted an old pot with bears painted on it, in which she used to make me hot milk in. There wasn't really anything else that I wanted.  My uncle, aunts and cousins were a different story though. My sister wanted one of their nice dish sets they had treasured over decades, but EU the entire set, almost all the silver, a bunch of dolls that had been promised to my youngest sister (not S) and S had to almost literally fight for this. EU had already taken many expensive instruments and other expensive dish sets. My sister got me most of the silver,because she wanted me to have more than just a little pot, so I would be able to give my children something that had belonged my my grandparents.

The love letters where really heart warming (some were from the time they had just started "dating" and  really let me appreciate how much love they had for each other and how long they were romantic. My grandpa would write notes after they bickered or just when he wanted her to know how much he loved and appreciated her. 

Knowing that I will never have to see the, again is truly a blessing, even though I'm still heartbroken over the death of my grandparents. I still can't tell this story without crying, but it's therapeutic in a way to write it all down.

&#x200B;

TL;DR 

EU and EA want to copy and past the funeral my grandpa had for GM to safe time, they raid the house for valuables while staying there, make me and S cook, pay for groceries, clean after them and have more pity for the driver who killed GM than GM who suffered horribly and died alone in the hospital. My cousins kids wreck the house and have me and S clean it, CC is trying to flirt with me right after the service, family mistakes the funeral, service and after "party" for a happy family gathering and brag about how much money they made./nThis happened several years ago so I can't completely remember every detail but it was so incredibly stupid I thought you guys might enjoy it. Not 100% its an actual ep but we will see. On mobile etc etc... 


So the kid in question wasn't that bad and this might've been partially my fault but whatever. There was a baby sitting service next door and somehow the kids seemed to migrate over to my house. I was a young teen and kind of vaguely associated with them while they were there. 

I had a dog who didn't really like kids or strangers who was in the back yard behind a six foot tall chain link fence. One of the kids had migrated to my house while he was in the back yard and I guess I wasn't paying enough attention because he ended up walking down the side of my house and sticking his hand through the fence to pet my dog. Shocker, the dog bit him. It wasn't bad at all. It barely drew blood and he got over it pretty quick after crying for a good few minutes. 

I had pretty much forgotten about it until the parents came to pick him up, which is where the ep comes in. Dad was the ep, and also crazy. The sitter told him that my dog had bitten the kid and he immediately went apeshit. Now this part is a bit fuzzy but somehow this dudes got a bat and he's heading to my back yard to break in and beat my dog to death. His pregnant wife is trying to hold him back and so is the sitter.

My dad gets involved because someone is trying to kill our dog now. They start arguing, pretty sure EP swung at my dad with the bat. Bat ends up discarded into full blown fighting on the ground. They're beating the shit out of each other.  Kids are crying, wife is screaming about how it's not worth it and he can't go back to jail. Cops get called and I think they took off before they could get arrested, and my dog got another strike on his  'how many more kids can i bite before they put me down' list. Thankfully he wasn't put down for any more bites or beaten with a bat but many years later in my last year of hs succumbed to cancer. 

RIP Patches 

And that's the story of the hoosier bullshit that was my dogs almost untimely death.


Edit:

I'm sorry to disappoint anyone from Indiana but this happened in Illinois lol
In and near St Louis, hoosier is a derogatory term for red neck/white trash type people. Idk why that is the word there.

Also no dog tax unfortunately, don't have any pics of him because it's been like 11 years.

But he was white with brown patches, red nose, green eyes and had the general shape of a dog named a vizsla which unfortunately I can't link a pic to rn because im on mobile./nSorry guys I meant to post this one first so the second one makes sense

Good Mourning, Interval or Evening to the people who read this, now a little backstory:
 I’m a representative of my company, and was sponsored to go to another country for some negotiations between the company I work for and the contractor.

I get first class for free thanks to my awesome boss man!

Thanks btw if you’re reading this

Em: Entitled Mum, Ek: Entitled Kid, Sc: Security,
Gf: Girlfriend, FL: Flight Attendant



I  had just passed the priority line and boarded the flight, around like two hours into the flight, I was woken up by a phone light or something and along comes EM and EK, this is when I was sleeping inside the room of first class AND when I put the sign outside my room that said  “Do Not Disturb” also how she just came into the room without knocking or even saying anything btw. The following conversation went like this, oh yeah my Gf was still asleep next to me;

Me: hey, excuse me what are you doing?

EM: The toilets are full and my son needs to go pee

Me: Sorry but this is my assigned cabin so could you get out?

EM: My son needs to use the toilet now so can you stop being so selfish?

Me: My Gf is still sleeping so I’ll ask again nicely, get out of my cabin.

EM (screaming now): NO! MY SON HAS HAD NO SLEEP BECAUSE OUR SEATS ARE NO WHERE NEAR AS COMFORTABLE AS THESE ONES! 

EK: Mum can we sleep here instead?

Gf: Uh, (my name whilst waking up) what’s happening?

Me: sorry did I wake you up?

Gf: no problem, wait, who are you? (Points at lady)

EM: YOUR HUSBAND IS A SELFISH FUCK AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOUR SELF FOR SLEEPING WITH SUCH A MAN!

Gf: What? What the fuck? Who are you to say anything about my boyfriend? And why are you in here? (She’s still sleepy)

My Gf is so cute 

EM: GET OUT! WE DESERVE THIS ROOM MUCH MORE THAN YOU BRATS!

EK: Mommy, I want to sleep here tonight!

EM: Don’t worry we will, SO GET OUT OF OUR ROOM CANT YOU SEE MY SONS TIRED?

Me: Ok then so uh, you wanna pay with cash or credit?

EM: DONT FUCKING JOKE WITH ME YOU SHITTY SNUCK UP PERVERT!

Me: *presses attendant bell

2mins later

Fl: Sorry Mr (my name) and Ms (Gf name) 
how can I- *gets cut off by crazy animal woman

EM: THIS MAN TRIED TO RAPE ME!

Note: She screamed this so my secretary and accountant in the cabins next to me heard and rushed over

The next events that proceeded consists of yelling between my secretary, accountant, girlfriend and let’s not forget the chihuahua with rabies.

The lady and her child got dragged out and when we landed my boss,m and the police were there waiting for us the following conversation went like this:

Police Officers(P): We were told about the events that occurred on the flight and you have full rights to push charges for; assault, attempt of theft, verbal abuse...etc 

Me while looking at lady giving me the “please” stare: I won’t push charges against her-

her eyes glistened and then died when I then completed my sentence:  If I was insane.

She ran at me and got hit by a taser gun

Then I received some money from her and an apology letter from the flight crew of the plane.

I have got more stories if anyone wants some, just because I’m in a first class seat doesn’t mean I’m super rich, I might be pretty well off but hey, I still don’t wave my cash around.




I’m getting married to my Girlfriend soon btw






/nOk this happened fairly recently (like a couple months ago), but I didn't put it into writing until now. You thought my only EP experience was my other story I posted? Oh no...unfortunately I deal with a lot of EPs because apparently my many hobbies/interests are too good for me or I don't deserve nice things so entitled people think they can take my stuff or try to take advantage of me being a nice person. It doesn't help that I'm a middle-class person living in a pretty up-scale/spoiled rich kid community. I'll admit, I had people use me as a freaking doormat for many years (some were former close friends), but lately, I had enough and my tolerance for these kinds of people is very small. Most of my EP stories are small and uneventful, but this is not one of those stories.

&#x200B;

With that said, here is the story of how an EM thought her little demon spawn deserved my brand new PC because I was "misusing it". It's kind of long, so I put a TLDR at the bottom.

&#x200B;

Some background:

&#x200B;

Ever since I graduated high school, I had a love of engineering, design, metrology (science of measurement), and 3D modeling. I'm now a professional in the metrology field with strong mechanical and design engineering background and I still 3D model things as a side hobby and occasionally work with people who need models for 3D printing, patent drawings, 3D animations to demonstrate ideas...lots of things. Recently, my trusty old workhorse PC died. I've been nursing it for a while, but the thing was almost ten years old and it was just time for an upgrade anyway. I needed a computer that would handle my 3D modeling software as well as my several drawing programs (I draw and do digital paintings as a hobby as well).

&#x200B;

The best fit for me ended up being a gaming laptop that cost just over $2,000 (USD). As a comparison, my old computer was about $800 brand new so this was a MAJOR upgrade for me! I LOVE this laptop. It's fast, handles my software without breaking a sweat, and I get to play some great PC games on it as well without lags or crashes. The only downside it that it's fairly heavy and awkward to carry around due to having a large, wide screen, but that's it. It's a serious machine and it get's shit done!

&#x200B;

A week after I got the laptop, a friend of my dad contacted me and asked me if I could do some 3D modeling and animation work for a brand new invention he came up with that was recently patented. I won't go into details because he's protective of his idea (I don't blame him, it's pretty original and helpful), but I agreed to get started right away. I work full time so I can only work on projects like this after I get home or on weekends. I found that the best place to do my work is not actually at home, but a small, family-owned coffee shop near my house. It's a popular little place next to a community college and many students go to to hang out and work on their assignments while grabbing a quick snack and hot drink. I love working here because I like the atmosphere and I concentrate better with some mild background noise and a calm coffee shop setting is perfect! I usually visit this shop once a week (usually a Saturday afternoon) and the employees know me well. Every day I visit, it's the same thing: I get my pastry and cup of tea, find a quiet corner all to myself where I can't be bothered, set up my computer, and start working.

&#x200B;

This went on without incident for weeks, until the following happened...

&#x200B;

The cast:

Me: Antisocial coffee shop dweller

EM: Entitled mom

EK:  Entitled kid

NE: Nice Employee (my hero and my friend)

&#x200B;

So as I explained above, it was a typical Saturday afternoon for me. I was in my corner working on my laptop and I have been there for a good hour already. I was in the zone. So focused on my work that I was kind of in my own little world and not paying attention to anything else...until I heard the obnoxious giggling and screeching from a small, misbehaving child.

&#x200B;

The shop is small, but long and rectangular with the counter and registers and small kitchen in the middle, near the front and a large dining area in the back that kind of wrapped around the central kitchen and registers like a horseshoe. I was way in the back corner and I heard this kid who was way up front with his mom. He was maybe seven, but could have been older (I don't judge ages very well) and was prancing around his mom loudly laughing and just being annoying. Look, I get it, it's a happy kid and all and normally laughing kids put a smile on my face, but this was a quiet coffee shop that me and a lot of college students use to work and study. It was not a place for a loud child and he was getting annoyed looks from many other customers.

&#x200B;

As you may have guessed, this kid and his mom are the EK and EM of this story. EM didn't even seem to mind that her child was disturbing other patrons and even a couple of employees were rolling their eyes at these two. The child then starts to run around the whole place as if it were a playground, running up to tables, flying past them, and making loud noises the entire time. Again, EM didn't seem to care at all. She was now next in line and was placing her order. I thought "good, they will be out of here shortly", but I was wrong.

&#x200B;

After EM got her food and drink, she sat down at the the back corner opposite of me, her kid sat down momentarily to stuff a muffin into his mouth and then he continued his rampage through the dining area. Too stubborn and engrossed in my work to pack up and leave, I bring out my noise-canceling headphones to try and drown-out EK's thundering feet and loud voice. This worked for a while until I heard a loud voice right next to me.

&#x200B;

EK: -loudly-"What are you doing?!"

I turn to see EK sitting on the chair next to me, muffin crumbs all over his face and mystery stains on his shirt.

Me: -Annoyed, but still calm "Oh, I'm just working."

EK: "What are you working on?"

Me: "It's hard to explain, but I'm making a model." I turn my computer so he can see the screen "See?"

EK: "What game is that?"

Me: "Oh no, this isn't a game. It's a modeling software. I use it for work."

EK: "Why aren't you playing a game?"

Me: "Well I do play games, but I'm working right now. I'm actually pretty busy so can you go back over to your mom, please?"

EK: "But that computer is for games."

Me: "Well...it IS a gaming laptop, but I use it for work too."

EK then places a finger on my computer near the keyboard where it has a sticker full of icons that describe what it can do and some of it's specs. One of these icons is a game controller with "gaming" written under it. He looks up with me with the most fake pouty face I've ever seen as if he's trying to prove a point.

Me: "Yeah I know, but I got it because I need it for my work too. Most other computers can't handle my modeling software, but this one does."

EK: "Well can I play on it? I'm bored."

Me: "I'm sorry, kid, but I'm busy and I really need to get my work done. Can you please go back to your mom?"

EK flashes me another pouty look and walks over to his mom...seemingly defeated.

&#x200B;

I put my headphones back on and crank my music up because I was expecting the following to happen...and it did.

&#x200B;

EM: "Hello?"

Me: -I can faintly hear her over my music, but I ignore her...my failed attempted to get rid of her.

EM: "Excuse me! Miss! Hello? Don't ignore me! I know you can hear me!"

After realizing she wasn't going to leave me alone, I sighed and take off my headphones

Me: "Yes?" I said it kind of sarcastically as I was about at my limit with these two already.

EM: "Don't be so rude! I was just wondering why my son can't play on your computer for a bit. It will only be for a few minutes."

Me: "Lady, I don't want to let him play on MY computer."

EM: "Why are you being so rude?! I've done nothing to you!"

Me: "Well you let your kid run around like a wild animal while me and most others here are tying to get work done. This is a coffee shop, not a playground."

EM: "Why can't you just be nice! My son is just bored, that's all! If you want him to stop running around, why don't you give him something to do! Let him play on your computer!"

Me: "Why don't YOU give him something to do? I'm not his mom, you are."

EK then seems to realize that acting up may get him to play on my computer so he starts running around making noises again.

EM: "That's a gaming laptop anyway. It's for playing games. I'm sure you have games on there. Just let my son play for a few minutes and he'll stop."

Me: "Lady, I doubt you know the difference between a gaming computer and a typewriter. So what if it's a gaming laptop? I use it to get work done and it's expensive so I'm not going to let some random kid start playing with it. It's my computer so I can do what I want with it. Now leave me alone."

EM: "If you can't use that thing as it's intended, why can't you give it to my son? He loves to play games. He'll put it to good use."

Me: "Mam, I am not telling you again! The answer is no! Didn't your parents tell you not to take other people's things or were they just as rude and entitled as you are?"

EM: "I'm not being rude! You are being rude and you are being selfish too! Just let my son use the computer for five minutes!"

I start to pack up my things, close my laptop, and start to slide it into it's case.

EM: "Where are you going?"

Me: "I'm leaving. I need to get work done and you ruined that. Thanks and fuck you."

EM just stared at me mouth agape as I get up and walk away. EK realizes he isn't going to get his way and starts to fake wail and cry as his mom follows me.

EM: "You stop right there! You can't take my son's computer like that!"

At this point, the employees see us and one of them walks over. This is NE and she's actually a girl I went to high school with. We were never really friends, but knew each other well enough that we knew each other's names and would occasionally talk.

NE: "Mam is there a problem?"

EM: "Yes there is! This woman was rude to me and my son and she even swore in front of us! She's also taking my son's laptop!"

NE: "Mam, this lady comes here all the time and we've seen her use that computer. I don't think she ever gave it to you."

Me: "She's just upset because she wanted her son to play on the laptop and I wouldn't let him."

NE: "Mam that is her laptop. She doesn't have to let your son play on it."

EM: "What is the harm in it?! My son is bored and wants something to do! She should let him use the laptop. It's a gaming computer anyway and she wasn't playing games on it. She wasn't using it right at all!"

NE: "Mam, calm down. We saw your son acting up earlier and asked you before to keep him under control, but he's now bothered one of our customers. I'm going to ask you to leave. Robo, you can stay if you want. I'm sorry for the trouble."

EM: "How can you defend such a rude woman and kick out a paying customer?! She's just here to use her computer. I doubt she even paid for anything here. This is a coffee shop, not a computer lab!"

Me: "I'm a paying customer too and lots of people come here to work on stuff. We are near a college campus, what do you expect?"

EM: "So you are all just greedy millennials! You need to respect your elders and your customers!"

NE: "Please leave mam. I'm not going to ask again."

EM grabs her still crying son and heads for the door, but not before turning around and addressing the entire coffee shop.

EM: "You are all rude, selfish, fucking millennials! You need to learn some respect!" She then leaves and slams the door behind her hard enough to knock down a sign hanging from it.

&#x200B;

NE apologizes to me again and offers me a free pastry, but I turn it down. After I cooled off, I sat back down at my table, but I was no longer in the mood to work. I sat there and drew on my computer instead. NE then came over on her brake and talked with me for a bit. We are actually good friends now and she still works at the shop and I see her every time I go there to work. I've never seen EM or EK again, but this being a fairly small town, it may not be the last time I see them. Hopefully since this coffee shop is filled with "rude and selfish millennials" EM will stay away and I can work in peace from now on.

&#x200B;

TLDR:

EK sees my gaming computer and thinks that I should only play games on it. Since I'm not using it for games and, therefore, misusing it, EM thinks I should let her son use it because he's bored. EM then calls me selfish for not letting her spoiled child play on a brand new expensive computer.

&#x200B;

**Edit-**

Holy crap...well I didn't expect this post to explode and I certainly didn't expect 200+ comments in my inbox. I'll try to get to them individually, but I thought I would answer some questions I saw as I skimmed through the comments.

&#x200B;

First off, thanks for the silver and gold and whoever gave me a premium! You didn't need to do that, but I really appreciate it!

&#x200B;

Second, I don't want to say any brands (I don't want to sound like I'm advertising anything), but my computer has these specs (I'm not the most computer-savy in terms of specs so I had a lot of help from my BF when I was shopping for a new PC.

* 15.6" screen (not the biggest out there, but bigger than my old laptop and I'm not used to carrying around a laptop this large). 
* CPU - Intel Core i7-8750H 
*  GPU -NVIDIA GeForce GTX 1050 (4GB GDDR5) 
* 16 gigs of RAM (came with 8, but I had 8 more installed
* 1TB hard drive (but I have a 2TB external where I save all my work)

It's not the most advanced or powerful computer on the market, but it's not an "average Joe" one either. For what I need to do, it's more than enough and I love it!

&#x200B;

The CAD software I use is also super nice and very popular with big industries. Not going to say what it is, but here's a screen shot from one of my side projects. [https://imgur.com/EUnDjne](https://imgur.com/EUnDjne) Just modeling up stuff I find on my work bench for fun. Those of you who model may recognize the interface.

&#x200B;

Did this story happen? Yes. I mean, yeah I get it, you can't (and really shouln't) believe everything you read on the internet and I get a lot of people post fake stories to try to get attention or views or whatnot. Truth is, crazy people like EM exist and her spouting off about "stupid millennials" and shit is honestly not an uncommon thing to happen in my home town. I mentioned that I live in an upscale neighborhood with a lot of rich and entitled people. People are bat-shit CRAZY here and as soon as I find a better, yet affordable place to live, I'm moving there. It's the kind of town where you can get yelled at by crazy people just for looking at them the wrong way. It's kind of stupid and, as I mentioned, I deal with EPs A LOT because of this town. I have my little group of friends, but pretty much everyone I meet these days are spoiled rotten and drive cars that mommy and daddy got for them while I drive around in my little Chevy Malibu I'm paying off myself. If you were to spend a day in this place, you would see where I'm coming from easily. Some of the dialog in my story may be off a little (This happened a while ago and I don't tend to remember dumb conversations after a week or so) but how the situation went down was pretty much like this. The part where EM screamed at everyone in the shop really happened though and quite a few people laughed about it when she finally left.

&#x200B;

As for lovely EM's age and how she was shouting at all of us "millennials"...she was maybe middle-aged (definitely somewhere in her 40s at least). She had an older, but not old face, but she didn't look young either. She did have a pretty young kid though so...I'm not entirely sure. Maybe the wrinkles on her face were caused by how much stress she was inflicting on herself by screaming at every "selfish, rude, millennial" she met.

&#x200B;

And have I ever met a Karen that was't a "Karen"?...Yes! I know two who are the sweetest people in the world. My aunt Karen and one of my coworkers is named Karen too (she's a sweet lady who always has a candy dish on her desk and asks me how I'm doing every day). People like EM do give Karens a bad name...I'm actually not sure why "Karen" became a term for every entitled or rude bitch of a woman out there. I'm sorry for all you decent Karens out there.

&#x200B;

Games I play on my laptop...not much and the small library I have is a mixed bag. I play "Dark Souls" on some days and "A Hat in Time" on others. I don't play Fort Night or Mine Craft and I have nothing against them...just not my thing. I mainly use my computer for work, but I do play games on it when I need to chill. It handles anything I do on it like a pro!

&#x200B;

Would I have let EK play on my laptop at all? If he wasn't so loud and disruptive when he came into the shop and asked nicely, I actually would have let him play for a bit. My little cousin likes to play Hat in Time on it when I go to her house and, so long as he was careful and polite, I would let another child play on it. The thing that bothered me with EK was that he was already making me mad by being so loud and his mom just let him run wild...also I didn't want sticky fingers and muffin crumbs on my brand new computer.

&#x200B;

Maybe I shouldn't have swore at EM, but I was mad that my productive evening was disturbed. I do have a short fuse these days because of how many people have abused my trust or tried to take my things. I learned to stand up for myself, but I also grew quite the sailor mouth that mainly comes to the surface when I meet rude people...or when I play Dark Souls :p/nAight so my mate is a trans man (FtM) and whilst he hasn't transitioned yet, he prefers to use male toilets and stuff. I wasn't there so this isn't word for word but from what he told me, I'm fucking disgusted.

&#x200B;

**CAST:**

F - Trans FtM Friend

ED - Entitled, transphobic Dad

IS - Innocent Son (young)

&#x200B;

**STORY:**

F  is taking a piss

ED and IS walk in. IS goes inside cubicle and ED waits around.

F walks out and goes to wash his hands.

ED - Excuse me miss?

F - Hey, sorry, it's sir.

ED - No you're not you're a miss. What are you doing in a male toilet? You're not a man.

F - I'm a trans man, and I feel more comfortable using male toilets.

ED - But you're still a lady and you're not allowed to be in here. Get out.

F - Actually I am allowed to be in here, transgender people are allowed to use the toilets they feel more comfortable with, and I feel more comfortable here.

IS exits the toilet.

ED - Fuck off out of here before you upset my son you faggot. (This is in a raised voice)

IS - Daddy I've done can we go?

ED - One second bud I need to deal with this pervert. Listen you fag we all know you're here to spy on us real men and our dicks, and that's weird. Fuck off before I call the police.

F - I am a man and I have no interest in spying on male dicks, I am attracted to females, not males.

ED - (shouting) YOU ARE NOT A MAN YOU FAGGOT PERVERT FUCK OFF BEFORE I CALL THE POLICE.

IS - (getting upset because his dad is shouting) Daddy can we go please

ED - one minute kiddo

F - Please stop shouting at me. I am a man, and whether you shout or not, I will remain a man.

ED - Whip out your dick then

F - I don't have a dick because I haven't transitioned yet, and even if I did, I wouldn't show it to a stranger.

ED - THERE WE GO THEN YOU FUCKING FAGGOT GET OUT

F - I will gladly leave when you stop shouting at me

IS - (crying) Daddy stop screaming can we go

ED - LOOK WHAT YOU DID YOU FUCKING GAY SHIT YOU MADE MY SON CRY. I'M CALLING THE POLICE.

F - (almost at tears) Move I'm leaving

ED - Apologize first.

F - No. (Tries to leave)

ED - APOLOGIZE NOW

F (he told me that he just wanted to leave) - Okay I'm sorry

ED - Damn fucking right. Are you a guy

F (crying, and just wanting to leave, so he does whatever ED says) - No I'm sorry I'm not please let me go

ED - That's fucking right. Now fuck off.

&#x200B;

There you go, a transphobic homophobic ED reducing my friend and his own son to tears. I'd love to say that F called the police for ED being an absolute cunt but he didn't and F has anxiety so he just said whatever ED wanted him to say just so he could leave.

&#x200B;

(F's permission has been given to post this)

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: If you're going to comment anything transphobic or anything along the lines of "they should've used the female bathroom" or "she's still a girl" then FUCK OFF and keep your transphobic opinions to yourself.

EDIT 2: HOLY FUCK THIS BLEW UP

EDIT 3: Thanks for the Gold kind stranger :)/n**Sorry for the repost! This got removed for some reason. Here it is again. New post later today if the hearing goes stupidly.**

&#x200B;

**READ THE FAQ AT THE BOTTOM BEFORE COMMENTING.**

Basic background: Hello! My name's Hecate. This happened about a week ago. I remember the details quite well, and even if it was years ago I still would as it was one of the most harrowing experiences I've had to date. I'm female and lesbian. For the purposes of this post I'll refer to myself as Me, I'll refer to my girlfriend as GF (Girlfriend) in dialogue, or as Jenna the rest of the time, and her entitled, psychopath of a mother as PHB (Psycho Homophobic Bitch). Lastly, English isn't my first language, so please excuse the translation issues. And yes, this took place after the gay marriage law went into effect.

With that said, let's begin.

So I was dropping Jenna off at her house after our date (Her mother simply thought we were seeing a movie with some friends), and as she was about to go inside she kissed me quickly and somewhat discreetly (as her mother apparently has fucking telepathy). It wasn't even *that* sexual of a kiss, just a peck on the cheek. As she was turning back to her house, I started to wave goodbye until I saw her she-demon mother standing in the doorway, her eyes blazing like the pits of fucking Tartarus.

The following dialogue ensued:

PHB: "What the *hell* do you think you're doing?" (You could literally see smoke pouring from her ears)

GF: \*looks up\* (Apparently she hadn't noticed PHB in the doorway, her head was down as it was starting to rain the slightest bit) "Walking inside?"

PHB: "Don't be smart with me *young lady*" - She somehow made the term sound like an insult - "Did you just kiss your friend?" (She never called me, then or now, by my name. Always 'your friend' and she said it with venom. I think she assumed that if you were a girl and you were close to her daughter, you were going to 'infect her with gay' or something)

GF: "A lot of my friends do that, Mom. Not every kiss is gay."

PHB: "You should only be kissing *boys*, not ugly street girls!" at this point I'm getting pretty exasperated as I'm tired of her homophobic bullshit and I begin thinking about walking over to Jenna to help out. The only reason it was a question, by the way, is that I have severe anxiety issues in the real world and find it hard to talk to people I find scary (Seriously, PHB was the kind of woman who would tie someone to a cross and burn them if they even showed the slightest hint of being gay (Well, not really, but you get the point))

GF: "It wasn't even-"

PHB: "No more buts!" (Jenna did not use the word but in any sentence so far) "Why the fuck did you kiss her?" At this point Jenna starts to look really scared (Her mother was beginning to shout) and I finally work up the courage to run to her side and engage in this gods-forsaken parley.

Me: "Hey, sorry if it bothered you, but Jenna really was-"

PHB: \*shouting exultantly like she just single-handedly killed Tiamat in D&D\* "AHA! SO YOU ADMIT IT!" she sounded like she'd rehearsed this and I wanted to both laugh and cry simultaneously.

GF: \*gives her mom the most confused look I've seen on her face\* "*What*?"

Me: "Miss, if you'd let me finish, I was trying to say that Jenna was just giving me a send-off, for lack of a better word. It's not always gay for someone to do that."

PHB: "How dare you speak to me, faggot?" (I jerked back, stunned at the blatant hatred rolling off my girlfriend's mother) (Also she basically stuck her chin in the air at least five hundred meters off the ground)

GF: "Hey, don't talk to her like that!"

PHB: "You don't tell me what to do, young lady! Now, both of you, stay here. I'm calling the cops."

I was honestly gaping at this point. Did this fucking psychopath think she could call the cops on us for *kissing?*

Me: "Are you fucking serious?"

PHB: \*steps forward, beginning to raise her hand\* "Don't you dare curse at me, bitch!" (Yes, she did call me a bitch. She's that unkind)

GF: "Mom, take your hand away from her."

PHB: "Or what? Sinners like her deserve to be killed! One slap is hardly going to-"

Me: \*pushes PHB's arm away from me\* "Ma'am, what we were doing wasn't gay, and even if it was, you are in no position to dictate anything to do with it."

PHB: "I'M HER MOTHER!"

GF: \*ACTUALLY SNARLS\* "FINE!" I'm not entirely sure what she's saying at first, but then she goes on, "I'M GAY! YES! FINE! HECATE IS MY GIRLFRIEND! WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT!"

For a moment, no one speaks. PHB's eyes bulge.

Then the mom speaks.

PHB, voice low and filled with hate: "How could you do this? Do you know that you're going to Hell?"

Me: \*laughing\* "Lady, hail Satan. Get out of my face." (This Satan bit was just to piss her off. I'm not Christian)

PHB: "Bitches like you deserve to be taught a lesson! How dare you want someone of your own sex?"

GF: "Do *not* call her a bitch, \[Mom's name\]."

PHB: "What did you call me?"

GF: "You heard me."

Again we all stare at each other. The mother's face is comically furious.

Me: "Jenna, can I talk to you a second?" (I just wanted to ask if she wanted to stay over at my house that night. At this point I was genuinely worried that PHB would hurt her)

PHB: "Why? So you two can *shag*?"

I look at her, absolutely dumbfounded.

Me: "Are you crazy? I'm FIFTEEN. That's not LEGAL."

PHB lets out a fucking earsplitting cry. PHB: "Sinners don't follow the rule of God! Why should they follow the rule of Man?"

GF: "Mother, please-"

PHB: "NO! I REFUSE TO HAVE A GAY DAUGHTER! YOU'RE GOING TO THERAPY."

GF: "Bitch, please."

PHB: (Somehow sounding like *we're* the crazy ones) "Oh, I'm a bitch now?"

Me: "Yes!"

PHB: \*looks at me, her pupils no longer visible as her eyes have narrowed so far\*

In that moment, I thought she was going to go inside and get one of the two guns she keeps in her house, come back out, and shoot me.

Nope. Instead, she just slammed her fist into my nose.

I think I might've passed out, because what followed was a blur. Jenna (god, I love her) helped me to write down the following words:

GF: "ARE YOU INSANE?"

PHB: "How dare you defend her? I'm your *mother*!"

GF: "AND SHE'S MY GIRLFRIEND!"

PHB: "So?"

Jenna just steps back, shocked. GF: "You know what? I'm done. You're not my mother anymore. If anyone here deserves to be arrested, it's you."

From what she told me, she pulled out a tissue from her back pocket and pressed it to my nose (which was bleeding profusely) and picked me up off the ground, carrying me to my car. Her mother shouted angrily after her, but Jenna (being her amazing self) ignored her, got inside, locked the door, and drove us back to my house.

For now, that's where the story ends. The mother actually called my parents and promised to press charges for harassment, but she may have shot herself in the foot in that, because she has cameras outside her house on her porch. If she brings them to court with a massive blindspot in them for the fifteen+ minutes we talked...

Anyway, I doubt it. I'll make more posts if more stuff like this happened. This is less of an entitled parents story, but Jenna has a couple of her own and might use my account to post them.

Thanks for reading, and to everyone out there, fuck homophobia, fuck (some) Christians, and fuck entitled parents.

**Edit:** To everyone telling me to call the cops, we did. Jenna did, specifically. She (the mom) may be planning to sue us, but for what, I can't fathom.

**EDIT EDIT** HOLY SHIT THANKS FOR THE PLATINUM!!!!!!!!! What does this even do? But OMG THIS IS MY FIRST POST TYSM (The old post had Plat)

**Edit Edit Edit:** Here are a few FAQ:

**Is my name really Hecate?** Yes.

**Am I Greek?** No. I'm Vietnamese. My mom studied a lot of Greek mythology in college.

**Is Jenna okay?** Yea. She's living at my house for now.

**Are we pressing charges?** Yes. Jenna is hoping for someone (preferably my family) to get full custody and I think we might actually have a decent case for that.

**Will I be making an update about our court hearing?** We'll see. Maybe PHB will act civilized at the court hearing and I won't be able to. (PROBS NOT LMAO)

**Is my nose broken?** No. The title was hyperbole. But it is bruised. Like, my entire face is tinted red. Yet somehow Jenna is still down to kiss me. It also hurts like hell. Good luck to the PHB trying to explain that shit away xD  
**EDIT EDIT EDIT EDIT** Thanks for the gold, and the silver! Osiris preserve you guys!/nThis story was over a decade ago, so I might be inaccurate in some of the details and I might actually forget some things that had happened, but when I came across this subreddit, this incident came to mind immediately. It has a happy ending, as far as I know.

At the tutoring centre I used to teach part time at had these 3 kids who were besties. A white kid, a black kid and an Asian kid. The three went to different schools, but when they were at our tutoring centre, they stuck together like glue. Their parents only dropped off their kids and picked them up, so no one (save the white kid’s mother) knew about how close the three kids were.

Then, THE INCIDENT. Parents came for a mini event the tutoring centre was holding. It was a small event, around 10 or so parents came with their kids, along with several potential new students with parents interested in admitting them in, including the trio’s. The white kid immediately ran over to the other two upon seeing them, and the three were off in their own world. Their parents’ surprised reaction, save for the white kid’s mom who already knew, was pretty awkward and funny, but that soon changed when a mother who came to check our tutoring centre (basically a potential parent admitting their child here) started berating the white kid’s parents.

Loudly.

About how the black kid will be a horrible influence, while the Asian kid will steal their kids’ chances of accomplishments. And how DARE they take them to this tutoring centre that will allow such a thing to happen, and even try to get this lady to admit her precious kids into this kind of place. The white kid’s parents that was being berated didn’t even know who this lady was. A line I could still remember vividly that she said was;

"I will report this to the owner of this institution! I know her personally!"

I think she was assuming that the owner of the tutoring center didn't know about this 'horrendous situation', and all the while the **GUY** (Yes. The owner is actually a man) was standing right next to me looking as flabbergasted as the rest of us. And no, he did not know this lady either. It was surreal.

We were all pretty much stunned, and before any of our staff could intervene, the parents of the trio just started to close in on the lady, quietly, with combinations of unimpressed/cold/condescending looks. It was pretty intimidating, like they all had telepathically decided to close in on her with no one saying a word.

Other parents started to join in and the lady pretty much began to quiet down when she was being cornered and stared down by fellow parents in the room. She got flustered and yelled some nonsensical things I don’t really get with a shaken voice, grabbed her handbag and just scurried off (not before trying to slam the glass door open angrily, before ended up having to grab the handle and open it properly because it was a bit heavy. It was really funny).

Good choice to get out of there before any of the parents break the silence, because all of them were ready to chew this lady out. Keep in mind that the parents HAD NEVER MET EACH OTHER, and yet somehow they all synchronized when they started to silently gang up on this woman to stare her down. I know that once you become parents, you get some kinda super power instincts when it comes to your kids, but yikes this is not what I thought.

That said I had to resign to focus on my thesis, so I never saw them again, save for their kids who, with the rest of their tutoring classmates, made me a parting gift on my last day. But at that event those parents all really hit off, so I dunno, I’d like to think they all became good friends and their kids remain buddies.﻿

&#x200B;

Tldr: Random mother outraged that a tutoring center had three kids with different racial background being friends with each other. Goes on a racist tyrade, until the parents silently close in on her and stared her down until she shuts up and leaves./nI FINALLY HAVE ENOUGH KARMA TO POST THIS HERE!

So yea, long story so buckle up. 

As some background, my family has a weird opinion on birthday parties. They feel like they are a waste of money and throwing one means you got money to spare and flaunt. So, being that I grew up in a family that was all about appearances when me and my siblings weren't, we went to a lot of birthday parties and never had ones of our own.

Anyway, one year, I had been really sick leading up to my birthday so I begged my parents for a birthday party so I could see all my friends that I hadn't been able to for the past few weeks and after days of begging, I was gonna get my rugrats party.

I have a cousin, who is a complete spoiled brat (and the entitled one here) that's a few days older than me and because of how our birthdays fell that year, she celebrated hers one weekend and mines would be the next weekend. For her birthday, she had a laser tag party with a some of her friends and a few of our cousins. There was no cake, just pizza, laser tag and candy bags. It was a fun party. I don't remember anyone complaining.

So cue my party. A couple of my friends are there and pretty much my entire family. Entitled cousin (EC) and her mother(EA) show up pretty early, tell me happy birthday and put their "gift" under the table. Not more than 5 minutes later, I hear EC start to say how much she loves rugrats, how beautiful the decorations are and how this is a great looking party. She then turns to her mom and says "tell tio thank you for throwing me a great birthday party." I turned to her and said this was my birthday not hers, as she had had hers the week before, and her response was "So? That was last week. This is my party this week." I again told her no and even showed her the cake which said my name on it. She immediately started crying and her and EA went over to my dad. 

EA started calling my father inconsiderate that we wouldn't include EC in the birthday celebration because we were only a few days apart and it was like "throwing a party for one twin and excluding the other." Me and EC weren't even close (I could never stand her). She went on to say how EC didn't get a cake for her birthday because they couldn't afford it (which is bullshit cause cake is waaay less than laser tag) and not all of the family got to go because, once again, they were poor and couldn't pay for everyone. We were so much more well off to be able to afford all this, and we should share the day with EC so that she can have a proper party with her family. 

My dad gave in and said she can be up there with me when we sing happy birthday. So we went about the party until it was time to sing and shit really hits the fan. They take the top off the cake and EC and EA remember that my name is the one on the cake. EA grabs a knife and literally scrapped my name off of my cake. When they were singing, people said my name first and EA stopped them and said the names should be in age order (meaning EC's name comes first), and had them redo the song. EC got to cut the first slice of my cake (the age thing again). And then when it came to opening presents (something I usually do after the party) EA insisted we do it now and give EC some of the gifts so she didn't feel left out. Most of the gifts were clothes and me and EC weren't the same size so she couldn't take those but one gift, from my parents, was this turquoise and white furby that I had been bugging them for since Christmas. I was so excited when I opened it up but so was EC. She said the one She got for Christmas broke and was excited to get a new one and tried to take it from me. I held tight and said it was mine. EA said I needed to share my gifts with EC because it was our birthday. I told her no. She tried to take it from me and I threw it behind the table where all the other gifts were. We both got up to run for it and I got to the table first and took the remaining amount of cake and threw it in her face. EA went off. Called me a spoiled brat who needed to learn some manners and went to slap me but one of my older brothers got in the way and grabbed her, telling her she needed to leave. After some arguing, she took EC, like 6 favor bags and the gift she brought for me and left. And while I've seen them at family gatherings over the years, that was the last time either of them actually talked to me. I didn't win that day but never having to interact with them again was definitely a win.

EDIT:: there's a lot of people asking why my parents let this happen and they aren't the best of people. My childhood wasnt good and I have a lot of stories about the things that they put me through. Like I said in the start, my family was very concerned about appearances so my parents were more concerned with looking like the could afford to jus add another kid in like it was nothing, instead of what would make me happy. I haven't posted more stories here cause my parents arent really entitled, all those stores fall more into r/raisedbynarcissist /nSo a little bit of backstory, my dad's mom was obsessed with me from the moment I was born. I spent about 80% of my childhood with her and we were really close for my whole life. I thought of her as a mother figure, not because I didn't have my real mom, but because this woman manipulated my father so well and my mom's hands were tied with the situation, but that's a story for another time.

The cast:    

**Karen** - my dad's mom, the entitled parent    

**Randy** - my dad's dad, Karen's husband.   

**Dad** - My dad     

**Kid** - my kid     

**Larry** - my husband     

**Me** - me     


This story takes place in February about 3 years ago, when my son was 3 years old. **Larry**, **Kid**, and I were on vacation visiting **Karen** in Florida, where they live for 6 months out of the year. The plan was to stay with **Karen** for 5 days, then stay with **Larry's** mom for 5 days in a nearby town, and then stay with **Karen** again for the last night before our flight home. 

So we get to **Karen's** place and everything is fine. We're happy to see everyone despite the heat and our distaste for Florida, and we're having a good time. Now it's important to mention, my husband and I are both pretty strict with our parenting style: we expect our kid to be polite, use an indoor voice, and listen to instruction. Obviously the occasional meltdown happens but it's nothing we can't handle. 

Meltdowns are way more common when **Karen** is around. 

We ask **Karen** not to give **Kid** sugar before dinner: *"Oh it's just a lollipop!"*

We tell **Karen** not to buy toys at every store we go into: *"You're mean! I didn't raise you to treat your kid like this!"* (I make good money but I am NOT rich by any means and this made it SO HARD to even go grocery shopping with Kid.)

We tell **Karen** she can't let **Kid** have temper tantrums without some kind of discipline (usually just a time-out): *"He's just a little boy! You need to hug him!"*

You get the picture. But this was vacation so I lightened up a bit. She wanted Kid to sleep in her bed that handful of days too so whatever, he kicks in his sleep so that's fine with me. 

So anyway, we are at a massive indoor flea market and we agreed to let **Karen** buy some toys and things for **Kid.** We're all getting hungry and tired so **Larry** volunteers to run our things to the car for us while we order food and find a table. The very moment **Larry** is out of sight, **Kid** has a tantrum for the ages because he wants a toy he sees on the way to the food area. **Karen** is immediately negotiating with the tiny terrorist, so I shut it down. We do not reward bad behavior. **Karen** gets upset with me, saying *"It's just a dollar! Why are you so mean? Why don't you let me buy him anything?"*

Cue **Kid's** epic meltdown #2 JUST AS **Larry** gets back from the car. He doesn't even break stride, just scoops **Kid** up and takes him into the restroom nearby, both to separate him from **Karen** and her shenanigans and to give him a quick swat on his behind. **Karen** is meanwhile screaming at me that my husband is abusing my child and we should be ashamed of ourselves and why don't we love him.... Etc etc etc. Things cool down when **Kid** and **Larry** emerge from the bathroom with smiles on their faces and Kid hugging Larry around the neck. They had a little talk, everyone seems happy. We eat lunch, we go home. The rest of our time with them is fun and passes without incident. 

The very day we go to **Larry's mom's**, I get a call from **my dad**, not thinking anything of it especially because he doesn't speak to **Karen** after leaving the family business (another story for another time, I've learned that side of the family is just manipulative and greedy). He screams at me for letting **Larry** abuse **Kid** and for yelling at **Karen**. I'm not kidding, he really tore me a new one. He said **Karen** told him that **Kid** had black and blue marks on him and that he carried him by the arm to the bathroom. I explained everything that happened and seemed to have smoothed things over, but boy was I livid. And I knew I had to go back with **Karen** a few days later unless I wanted to drive 2 hours before a 7am flight. 

The day comes when we need to go back. **Karen** and **Randy** are meeting us at the rental car return at the airport so they can drive us back to their place. I text **Karen** on the way to let her know I'd like **Kid** to sleep in my bed on the last night of our vacation. I'm his mom, I get to decide these kinds of things, right?

Wrong. 

2 hours of *"Why don't you love me anymore? I thought we had a special bond! Why are you doing this to me? Why are you trying to hurt me? That bastard husband of yours told you to do this to me!"* only increased how angry I was. I turned my phone off and prepared for our arrival at 7pm...

It was worse than I expected. She cornered me when we got there by leaning over the front seat while I was installing Kid's car seat, berating me with the same questions she texted. I calmly and sweetly told her that I just wanted to spend the last night of my only vacation cuddling with my little boy. She continued to berate and pester me until I finally told her that my **dad** told me the lies she tried to spread and I was fed up. She looked me in the eye and said "I told everyone. I want them to take **Kid** from you."

"**Larry** get our bags, we're not staying." I yelled, took the car seat back out of the car, and put **Kid** on my hip. I don't know if she didn't think that through but she genuinely seemed surprised that I was not going to stay with her after that. She got out and started shouting, screaming until her voice cracked, that I should show respect to my elders, and that it's **Larry's** fault this all happened and he's tearing our family apart. This was some next level, crazy person screaming. This was a full on verbal assault against my husband. I told her off and tried to walk away, but she kept blocking my path. 

And then she grabbed me by the back of my head, while I was still holding my kid, and started trying to hit me. She made contact with my son's back at least 3 times before I grabbed a fistful of her hair and my husband pulled her off of me. Meanwhile, **Randy** called the police to tell them he witnessed me assault **Karen** and witnessed **Larry** abusing **Kid**. We ran into the rental car agency where the employees locked the doors and refused entry to **Karen** and **Randy**.

When the police came, the employees validated our story because of the cameras, took separate statements from everyone, checked **Kid** for bruises (there were none from us, because we don't actually hit our child, but red marks from **Karen** hitting him), and finally asked me to press charges. It was around 1 am at this point so I said no, and we were escorted to a nearby motel before our flight. 

And that was the last time I saw the entitled pseudo-mother POS. Good riddance! She texts me now and then about how I'm killing her and how she's still waiting for an apology. The guilt I feel is unreal but I can't go back on the decision I've made. She's manipulative and emotionally abusive. 

Side note, my dad is going through the same thing I am with separating himself from that family. My parents are both wonderful people who experienced a lot of the same things with Karen and Randy when I was little as I am experiencing with them now. We are all healing together and have come a long way in our recovery from such abusive people./nThe two things most people wanted to know from my initial post is what the fallout from my visit was and why my crazy aunt always hated me. This is about why she always hated me. You can read the first post here: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bh5li7/ea\_claims\_adult\_child\_has\_to\_obey\_her\_because\_its/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bh5li7/ea_claims_adult_child_has_to_obey_her_because_its/)

&#x200B;

TL/DR: This gives the history of me and Crazy aunt. It's stupidly long so I understand if no one wants to slog through it. Crazy Aunt hated me because I am the living breathing persona of what she always wanted but could never be. 

&#x200B;

That's it in a nutshell. To be fair, she also hated my brothers but not as much. She hates my oldest brother because he's a clone of our father. They look like twins born 30 years apart. My younger brother she hated because he's 6'3 Nordic-looking blonde (Hitler's idea of the perfect Aryan) and didn't take her crap but did it in a dismissive manner. As though she was a fly he was swatting away. For years I actually though my sister-in-law was my sister. How was I supposed to know? There was a girl about the age of my brothers living in the house and calling our parents "mom" and "dad." CA hated her because not only would she not take any crap but she would shove it down your throat until you choked on it. I should probably point out that my brothers are 18 and 20 years older than I am. The oldest one married at 18 and went into the military. His wife stayed with us often to get her university education. The key here is that she hates anyone who dares to challenge her. 

&#x200B;

My mother was one of 7 children (not unusual back in the pre birth control days) and was 3 years older than CA. Good uncle is 2 years younger than CA. By the time I enter the picture the other siblings had moved away and largely written CA off and out of their lives. 

&#x200B;

The shortest version of this goes back to when CA was a very little girl and had this image of herself and what she would become. She also thought she should have been named "Emily." Yeah, that gave everyone pause when she tacked that name on to her newborn daughter. Understand, CA was born in the 1930's. She still expected to be tall, thin, blonde, and brilliant. She would have fit in well with Hitler. Instead she was short (4'11) had dark hair (and it was quite beautiful, my mom and older aunt had it as well,) a tendency to gain weight in the middle, and was just average in intelligence. She also lacked the ambition necessary to accomplish the lofty goals she had in mind. But then it was just supposed to "happen" and she wasn't supposed to actually have to work for it. When she didn't study for a test and received a bad grade she threw a fit because she was always supposed to get top marks without doing anything for them. She was practicing "Manifesting Abundance" decades before "The Secret." 

&#x200B;

The smartest person in the world who lacks ambition will not do as well as an average person with a lot of ambition. She never learned that. 

&#x200B;

She had what we in this sub would call typical entitled kid syndrome but there was nothing external feeding it. No one gave in to her demands and she still got worse over time. She had this idea in her head of how things were supposed to be but the rest of the world wasn't cooperating. She was so impossible to live with that her first husband, Emily's biological father, finally had to leave. No one in her family blamed him AT ALL.  Luckily, she met a docile man that made Emily a great father. That poor sucker married her mostly, I think, to help Emily. 

&#x200B;

At one point, in the 1970's, CA went back to school and tried to become, wait for it...a psychologist. She didn't make it into the grad school program and instead became an MSW (Masters in Social Work.) Let THAT sink in for a minute!

&#x200B;

Emily is precisely 11 months older than I am. She is also the first girl born in our generation. All of my mother's other siblings had boys. Lots and lots of boys. Then Emily. For 11 glorious months CA had done something none of them had done and had a girl. Then I took that title away from her. I also had the temerity to be born 6 weeks early and with double pneumonia. Back then either of those things should have killed me. Having both required a miracle and we got it. My mother had an outstanding doctor who managed to save us both. 

&#x200B;

CA was busy planning the epic 1st birthday party for Emily. What was everyone in the family doing when they should be talking about Emily and her party? They were talking about me and my mother. Checking with each other to see if anyone had heard anything. At one point, CA called my father and told him that, in her expert opinion (she's a social worker) it would be better to "let it die" because "you already have two children and you don't want to be burdened with a sick and mentally retarded baby." My father informed her that they had three children and then quit taking her calls. She quit calling because he would pick up, hear her voice, then hang up. My brother and sister-in-law (married to my other brother who was in the military) did the same thing. 

&#x200B;

For you young people: Back in the day you often had to pay for each call you made from your landline and those calls were recorded each month on your bill. Local calls were charged at a different rate than long distance. Long distance was anything outside of your "zone." Many places also charged a per minute fee as well.  A common television trope was dad screaming about the phone bill. The Brady Bunch even put in a payphone in one episode. This was a big deal. Trust me. 

&#x200B;

There were only one bizarre lasting impact on my from my birth: a heightened sensitivity to sweets. For that reason I don't generally like things with sugar. This plays in later. The other lasting impact, not really an issue, was a propensity to develop asthma if I were to one day take up smoking. So I didn't. CA rarely visited because she was a 2 pack a day smoker and no one was allowed to smoke in our home. It really wouldn't have been an issue, no more than I would be exposed, but it kept her away so we went with it.

&#x200B;

I saw CA only sporadically during my early childhood, mostly at family gatherings when we were in the US. The thing I remember most about them is never being left alone. No matter when I looked up, my father, brothers, mother, or sister-in-law was there. They never left me alone because the first visit we had that I can remember, she freaked out my brother. He describes the way she looked at me and then at Emily was as though she wanted to peel off my skin and switch it with Emily. Most of her comments revolved around how was I was too thin, too pale, and too short. She was always trying to get me to eat candy. I never would. Not just because I didn't like it but because my brother told me never to eat or drink anything she gave me. She said I was spoiled. When discussing this sub with Louis yesterday he told me that he had nightmares for years where she showed up for a visit and was wearing my skin. So yeah, she creeped him out. 

&#x200B;

Due to my father's job, we moved nations quite a bit. One of those took us to Japan when I was 4. I was bored at home so my mother let me start school early. By the time we left, 4 years later, I was ready for the American equivalent of Junior High School, 7th and 8th grades. In Japan they wanted students to be with their academic peers and ignored the ages. It was not unusual to find a mix of ages in the classrooms. Something not practiced much in the US. 

&#x200B;

While I was in Japan being skipped grades, CA was in her town not taking Emily to Kindergarten. Back then, it was generally for half a day and it interfered with her day to cut it up like that. Her plan was to just start Emily in 1st grade the following year. The problem was that when she went to register Emily, they wouldn't take her based on her age alone, she had to be tested in the basics. She failed so they put her in Kindergarten. CA was furious at their stupidity because Emily was brilliant! The fault here was not with Emily or her intelligence. It had to do with her never having been exposed to necessary material. She couldn't even sing the alphabet song. Or tie her shoes. She was just supposed to know these things....somehow. Well CA couldn't be bothered so step-daddy worked with her and took over school duties. She did great then but was a year behind her age-peers. They had a gifted program that started in the 3rd grade. CA insisted Emily be put into it. The school said no because it was more than she could handle. CA threw such a fit that the school caved. Emily failed and had to repeat the 3rd grade. She was humiliated and due to her mother's antics became withdrawn. She never wanted to do anything because she was afraid of her mother getting involved. She always considered me "safe" because I already knew about her mother and liked her anyway. 

&#x200B;

In a normal family, none of this would matter. Hell, it didn't matter in MY family. It DID matter to CA. Partly it was because she didn't get her way. Part of it was because in our absence she had launched a one woman propaganda machine to promote Emily and claimed that the real reason my parents had left the country was because of my mental defects. By this time, the only people in the family that spoke to her for more than a death notification were two elderly great aunts who thought CA was "a hoot," my mother, and their younger brother. EVERYONE in the family knew what she was like. So really, it didn't matter. But it did. So much so that no one ever mentioned me and academics. Ever. It was best, for everyone, if she believed that Emily was the smartest kid ever. 

&#x200B;

The next time we saw her, I was 12, CA went on and on about how gifted Emily was and how she was the top student and so popular...blah blah blah. It sounded like a press release. Emily just smiled and nodded. When she finished with that, she broke into her litany of how short, and thin, and pale I was. She told my parents that, in her expert opinion (Did I mention that she's a social worker?) I exhibited all the signs of anorexia and bulimia. They were getting traction in the news at the time. I never had either. Never saw the point. We all just smiled and nodded. It was a short visit, one of the great aunts had died so we went for the funeral. 

&#x200B;

CA had a habit of showing up for a visit. She wouldn't call she would just appear at the house and stay a few days. This was one of the big reasons her siblings moved and didn't give her the address. She was the kind of person who would wake up in the morning, be bored, and just decide to drive across the country to visit someone.  One day she decided to visit us. She had a plan.

&#x200B;

My parents were diagnosed with different forms of cancer, three weeks apart. The prognosis was grim. Maybe a year.  I was 15. I was in my junior year at the local university (I took a ton of CLEP tests to avoid the first two years of generals) but I was still legally a minor. My parents had me emancipated, bought me a car and paid off the house. I would have enough money to support myself until I was legally able to support myself. No matter how smart you are, or how many degrees you get, child labor laws still apply. Besides, I had a serious truancy problem. Technically, I wasn't in school. Universities didn't count. So I needed the legal protections that emancipation would give me until I was old enough to "drop out" of high school (I actually still had to do that, a bizarre story for another time.) The younger of my two brothers, Louis, was divorced and had custody of his girls. They lived close to us. I was set to be as okay as a 15 year old can be when faced with the prospect of losing both her parents within the next few months. Financially I was fine. Logistically I was fine. Emotionally I was a wreck desperately trying to hold it together.

&#x200B;

I remember the day so well because it was a miserable day all around. It was mid August. By 7am it was 90 degrees. It was extremely humid. I had gone to register for my fall classes and pick up my books. Anyone who attended a major university in the late 80's and early 90's probably remembers the nightmare that was registration and book buying. It was hours of waiting in lines only to be told classes were full or cancelled, spending hundreds on a single textbook that you would probably never use and certainly never be able to sell. Add to that the problems with traffic and parking.....and I was not in a good mood when I got home and carted all that crap into my room. I was hot, sweaty, and tired. I wanted a shower, some food and the air conditioning set to Popsicle. 

&#x200B;

I took a quick shower and redressed. When I opened my bathroom door my young niece was sitting there looking irritated. She was 5 and irritation was unusual for her, mostly it involved her 3 year old sister. 

Me: Hey, Nikki, what did Annie do?

Nikki: Nothing. 

Me: Then why do you look irritated?

Nikki: Grammy wants you in the kitchen. There are strange people there. I don't like the lady. 

Me: Why not?

Nikki: I don't know. I just don't. Grammy doesn't either. She's using her too nice voice.

Me: Who is it?

Nikki: She says her name is CA. 

Me: Crap. 

Nikki: Now you look like I feel. Can I stay in here? 

Me: Yes, keep your sister in here with you. If you leave, I want you and your sister to stay where I can see you. 

Nikki: Okay.

&#x200B;

I went out and sure enough I see Emily and the back of CA's head. CA turns and her jaw drops. Like my brothers, I waited until I was 13 to really start growing. I ended up at 5'10. Growing pains are a real thing, by the way. My father is looking highly amused. I was (and am) still thin and pale. Long blonde hair. Blame my father. His ancestors were from Northern Europe. 

Mom: How was registration?

Me: About like I expected. I got everything I needed and most of what I wanted.

CA: Were you registering for school today? Seems a bit early? Did Louis take you?

Me: Yes and it's not really early. I drove my car. What brings you here?

CA: Well I heard about your parents and I came up with the perfect solution. You're too young to drive.

Me: You discovered a cure for all forms of cancer? Awesome! I have a license.

CA: No, I mean to your problem. I don't approve of young people driving, it gives them naughty ideas.

Me: My "problem" is that my parents have cancer. Cure that and you solve my problem. I don't care what you think about driving.

CA: No, I have a solution for what to do after they are gone. Don't sass me.

Me: So you can't cure cancer but you can resurrect the dead? I was going to nominate you for a Nobel, instead I'll call the Vatican. Don't tell me how to behave.

CA: Don't be flip with adults. Your mother raised you better than that. 

Dad: I helped.

CA: That explains it.

Dad: Thank you!

Me: So what is your grand plan?

CA: You will of course come and live with us!

Me: You have got to be kidding me? 

CA: I'm not. You can go to school with Emily, you will probably not be in classes as advanced but I'm sure you will do fine. 

Me: No.

CA: This matter has been decided and the adults will make the decision. 

Me: For starters, I have an older brother who I could live with if that were a problem. Two of them, actually. I also have a house to live in, and a car. I have plenty of money and I'm not going anywhere. If I were going to live with an aunt and uncle it would be Good Aunt and Good Uncle who already made the offer. By the way, I'm legally an adult. Most importantly, your opinion on this matter doesn't count. 

CA: No you aren't, you are a year younger than Emily. I will sell the car. I don't believe in allowing children to drive. I'm the adult here.

Me: I was emancipated. The car is in my name so you can't sell it. My parents are also adults. As am I. You are not a part of this. Stay out of it.

CA: Yes I can, I'm the adult in charge of you.

Dad: We aren't dead yet. 

Mom: You have our answer. 

Me: You will never be in charge of me. You cannot control me. I'm not Emily. 

Nikki: If she is going to live with anyone it would be with me. She's MINE! (She has always claimed ownership of me.....told her sister to get her own aunt.) 

CA: We have better schools and you will even be able to go to "name" university, if you can get in. 

Me: I go to "different name" now. 

CA: You're 15.

Me: Thank you for pointing out the obvious. By the way, "name" head hunted me and I turned them down. I told them I didn't want to live that close to my crazy aunt. Now things are difficult enough for us all emotionally without your insanity, please leave us alone. You can't have me.

CA: Well if you are really attending "name" what's your major?

Me: Psychology. I plan to be a psychiatrist. Maybe someday I can have you committed! 

CA: You are very rude!

Me: You can go fuck yourself. (That is the only time I ever used profanity in front of my parents.)

CA: Are you going to allow her to speak to me like that?

Dad: When she says something we disagree with we will let her know. 

Mom: You made the offer and we appreciate your concern but the matter has been well handled. We are confident that everything will work out just fine. 

&#x200B;

They stayed for 3 days and I don't think I spoke another word to her after that. She told me that I was rude, disrespectful and should be ashamed of myself. She demanded I apologize. I walked away. I DID apologize to my parents for my language. They raised me better than that. My brother took a day off from work to keep his kids away from her. We never left them alone with her and he still didn't want her alone with me. 

&#x200B;

I stayed where I was. After my parents died, and they both lived to see me reach 18, my brother took on an almost father like role. Sometimes I even attribute things he says as coming from my father. Kind of a mental "slip" if you will. The really funny thing is that he sometimes forgets and refers to me as the sister to one of his daughters. So I'm okay. You never get over losing people you love but you go on. There is really no other choice. Emily is also great. Happily married, to Mike. Two great kids. CA is dead but her long suffering husband lives on with Emily and her family. We don't talk about her mother. 

&#x200B;

I'm sorry this was so long but many of you asked for the history and there really isn't a way to shorten it without the details. A glib, "I'm everything she wanted to be" sounds not only conceited but doesn't really explain it. To those of you who have wondered if she was mentally ill, the answer is most certainly a yes. What qualifies as mentally ill now is not the same as back then. She was termed "difficult" and her behavior generally passed off as such. She was 63 when she died. There was no funeral or memorial service. She was cremated and her ashes dumped in the nearest ocean. She was deathly afraid of water and never learned to swim.  Emily made that call. I think that pretty much sums up her feelings on the matter.

&#x200B;

Mostly I posted this because sometimes entitled people/parents just happen. Over time, our "live and let live" society has begun to breed more of them, partly because the rest of us give in to them. It's often easier. Sometimes, just sometimes, they burst spontaneously out of the ether. Emily suffered as a result of it and I think that is why she didn't become an entitled kid or become an entitled parent herself. There was so much pain that she didn't want to do that to her children. The real happy ending here is that the entitlement died with CA./nThis all started 20 years ago at this point, I was in third grade and we suddently get a new student which we'll call C.C.

C.C started attending our school in the middle of the school year and as you'd expect, he's quite shy from the new environment.

Our school was a private school and didn't have that many students. As such the teachers where very attentive towards us. Some roughousing did happen from time to time but physical bullying was a big 'no no' which would involve the parents of both parties and the director of the establishment. So we where taught to all be friends and bar some mild unfocused verbal bullying from some of the kids (small children are horrible), nothing bad ever happened.

Back to our boy C.C, he was shy, as was already stated, but the class welcomed him and by the end of the first week he was already playing tag with us and everybody was cool with him.
I spent a lot of time with him, I don't remember why or what we'd talk about but he was seated next to me and we'd have a good time, as kids do, playing tag and football.

I used to bring everyone to my place and eventually C.C was up. That day, my best friend from the neigbourhood where I live happened to come over, everything got real tense. Happens that my friend knew him. He told me that C.C was a huge liar and that he'd been expelled from his school. I didn't believe him even though he was my best friend at the time since he too had a nasty habit of lying his teeth out (he used to tell me that he had Pokemon Silver and would always "forget" to bring it over, I still cry at night because of this, I was really looking forward to playing Silver that one time!) the day went by without a fuss and we managed to have fun despite my friend not liking C.C.

The day after, C.C's mother, let's call her Mrs. C, called my house and told my mother that her son had been beaten by me both at school and when at my place. My mother has always been one for lying low and was thoroughly infuriated at me, I was slaped a few times and grounded for the rest of the day even though my father had been keeping an eye on us and was on my side. Apparently the woman made such a fuss on the phone that my mother just didn't care.

I then confronted C.C who didn't have the foggiest clue on what I was going on about and my 8 year old self having the atention span of a goldfish quickly made up with him the next day.

This incident happened twice more with the same result, the woman would also phone our house on random occasions and slander me and my mother on the phone which would spark violent reactions from my mother. 

At this point I had totally given up on spending any time with C.C both during class and recess, I was also seated on another spot, the teacher probably also noticed that there was something strange going on or had probably been asked by Mrs. C in a parent-teacher conference.

There was a fourth and final time where Mrs. C called, cursing our existence because her precious baby was all bruised. My father decide it was enough and told my mother to not worry about it. He went to the police and then to the C's house. Turns out C.C was as healthy as he could be and that Mrs. C had a history of making the police come to her house.

The calls stopped, the schoolyear ended, and a new one begun. A new kid joined us, K, he was tall and bulky and freaking intimidating for a 9 year old, but most of all, he was a great guy. We quickly became friends and K quickly befriended C.C. In turn I quickly reignited our friendship and the three of us where the best of pals.

At some point, K stopped talking to C.C, I can only guess that C.C or his mother where back to their usual antics. 

The year eventually ended and K left the school. The next year, though, is where the beef is at.

I was still wary of C.C's behaviour and stopped talking with him beyond the bare minimum required. 

We had recess with the older kids and they wanted the ball and the football pitch 8/10 times so we where relegated to playing stuff like tag, hide and seek, rock paper scisors and the like. Our game of tag had a little extra rule, the place where we used to play had a fence which had a small step, if you stand on the step then you're clear, you could not stand on the safe zone for over 10 "seconds" (we counted those aloud so it was anywhere between over 10 second to "way too much time" in the clear), the girls also brought the brilliant concept of trying to kick whoever was trying to tag you when you stood on the safe zone, this was mainly there so that you'd steer clear and give a bit of room so that you could dash out of the safe zone, consider it as "giving a leg's worth of space".
The teachers didn't like it but it was within the acceptable.

So here we go: C.C was IT, he had been kicked a few times by now and was still laughing and trying to get someone. He starts rushing for me and I dashed for the fence, got in the clear, and before I started counting he gets as close to me as is physically possible, naturally I did the thing and started raising my leg. With the little space I had I, in stead, lightly kneed him on the upper leg. Guy stumbles down and starts crying as if he had been seriously beaten. The teacher comes over, calms him down and tells me to come with her. I was scared shitless since he and I had a history. I still remember my teacher going up the stairs saying "this is going to be very complicated".

We got to the classroom, she told me to sit down on my desk and do my homework in the meantime, she was smoking near the window while looking outside and keeping her eyes on the kids of our class, the principal comes in, ohshitgodI'mintroublenow, they talked next to the window, at some point my teacher just burst a "look at that!" out of nowhere. The semestral parent-teacher conference was about to happen in a week, my mother attended, when she came back she gave me the silent treatment and I thought that my grades had gone down. The next day, C.C was nowhere to be seen and everybody was giving me a strange look. Some even asked me if it was ok for me to be here, which confused me quite a bit.
After a week C.C came back, attended classes for a day like normal and was never seen or heard from again. I still didn't know what happened, my mother had been angry at me for "causing a scene" for the whole week and refused to talk to me.
I was later told that C.C had been expelled. Whenever his father attended meetings everything was chill, but Mrs. C had been asking for mine, and a number of other student's removal from the school for the three years C.C had attended that school, when confronted at the last conference she was being extremely vocal about it and the director told her that whatever fabrications she or C.C where making where just that, fabrications, as they had observed him for a while and his stories didn't fit. She apparently at some point pointe to my mother and told my teacher "I want you to do something about her child you bitch", the director promptly gave C.C a week of detention and "asked" for him to stop attending our school. He was given one day to say goodbye, which he didn't.

Edit: Thank you kind Anon for the Silver!/nIt's my first time posting here and I'm no native speaker but here we go...

My Mom has made a few friends while being pregnant with me and so most of my friends are my age. One of these friends got a little brother (**EK**) who got something like Asperger. Until his birth the mother was fine and I spent a bunch of summer over at my friends. Around ten years this changed... My friends mother went from nice mom to entitled mom (**EM**) in a record breaking time of just one week (and by this I really mean from one extreme to the other, I knew her my whole life and she was very kind and had always ice cream :P). Every time I was at my friends house she picked on both of us until we left, because we interrupted her little prince's sleep (we just watched some Laurel and Hardy, its a silent film for crying out loud) so started to spend more time over at my place.

It was last summer when our story played. I just got accepted at a university to start my studying on computer science. Since my mother (MM) is very close with EM she knew about it. That evening we had a little party because my dad turned 50 and of course EM and EK where invited too. (Note that EK was around 9 years old) The dialogue went something like this:

Me: *sitting at the grown ups table and messaging with my girlfriend from time to time*

EK: *sees me unlocking my smartphone with the finger print* Hey, how did you do this?

ME: My smartphone recognized my thumb.

EK: Wow, thats cool. Does it recognize mine aswell?

Me: No, it only knows my fingers.

EK: But I want to unlock your smartphone with my thumb too.

Me: Sorry, but usually I don't let other people use my phone beside my girlfriend.

EK: But I want to!

EK took off and I hoped this would be it, even though deep down I knew it wasn't (and otherwise I wouldn't tell you this story). Around 5 minutes later EK came back with EM.

EM: EK told me you wouldn't let him use your phone?

Me: I wouldn't let EK save his fingers in my smartphone. This way he can unlock it every time. And I don't have any slots free for him (On my phone you can save only 4 finger prints and these where the thumbs of my gf and mine)

EM: That's rubbish! You know EK so long, you can trust him.

Me: (Knowing that I CAN'T trust EK) Yeah, but I still got only 4 slots ant these are already filled.

EM: That's such a lame excuse. But can you set this up on EK's phone?

Me: Sure, why not (I was surprised that a nine years old had already a smartphone but what ever... it was EM's little prince)

EK gave me his phone I checked the setting to find out that his phone wasn't that new a hadn't a finger print sensor in the home button.

Me: I'm sorry, it seems that your phone doesn't support finger prints.

EK: *loosing his first tears* What? Why?

EM: But I'm sure you can do something?

Me: Apparently Samsung didn't built this into his phone...

EM: Yours has it.

Me: I bought mine half a year ago, this must be like 2 years old.

EM: I know you'll start computer science. There must be a way you can fix this. (CS is right, but in software development. Nothing with hardware. But I didn't bothered trying to explain it to EM, she wouldn't understand)

Me: The only thing you can do is buy him a new phone. I can support you with this if you wish.

EM: *A bit more aggressive* No thanks. It would be enough if you do it on this phone. You could remove your finger print sensor and build it into EK's phone.

Me: *surprised by that lack of understanding* That's not how this works.

EK: *crying the whole time* Mommy, I want this!

EM: Do you hear him? He deserves it, make it work.

Me: Yeah, he's pretty annoying! And if you excuse me, I have to leave now.

After this I left for my girlfriends without a comment. The next day I told my dad about this and since he has a great understanding of how this works we had a great laugh about it. I know that everyone working in this field has at least one similar story./nI was at the park when I saw this mother and her son walk by. I'm drawing, as usual, and pay little attention to them. The mom walks up to me and tells me that she loved my drawing, I say thanks and get ready for an ep moment. She walks away instead and tells her son to steal my sketch book. He walks up to me and asks if he can see it. I say yeah, he looks through and I can see his mom looking at me, I get nervous as my sketch book is my life. The kid surprisingly gives it back, complements me, and walks back to his mom. Ep gets mad at him for disobeying her and he calls her an entitled bitch. I start laughing until she slaps him. I walk over and lightly ask him for his address, he gives it to me and I call CPS on her ass. 

Little PSA, if you think you can hit your child for doing the right thing and NOT being an entitled brat, then you deserve to be in jail. 
I saw the kid again and he said he was living with his dad now, who isn't entitled and respects others property. 

Edit: Holy shit!!! Almost 300 upvoyes in only 4 hours??? You guys are amazing!!/nI just remembered this short story when reading another post on here, and thought you might like it. 

In high school I was in a pretty big class (32 children) and for some reason the school administration dumped a bunch of people with the same name in my class. We had 3 Mary's, 2 Dave's, and 4 Marks. The guys were all joking around, saying stuff like "Hey Mark how was your day" "It was great Mark, how about you Mark?" "Yeah Mark it was good, probably better than Marks' day" and that went on and on and on. The Mary's on the other hand, kept fighting about who should be called just Mary and who should be referred to by their surname. After a few weeks of fighting one of them called their mom to the school to 'persuade' the other girls to back down. I don't remember the exact conversation but that mother was talking to two 14 year old girls about legally changing their names, how easy it was, what awesome names they could choose, etc. The fighting finally stopped when the teachers decided that for our class, when checking attendance, they would call out everybody's complete name. Why they didn't do that sooner is beyond me. 


The whole story was pretty insane, and I don't blame you for not believing it. What mother would try to talk her daughters classmates into changing their names officially?! Lol/nObligatory Mobile, English is my first language but a non speaker is probably more fluent then me.

This is very recent and honestly the brass one's this women has is astounding. My 27th birthday is next week and since I didn't celebrate my last two birthdays and I don't get much time to myself  (raising a child by your self doesn't afford much relaxation time) I decided that I would go away for the weekend following my birthday.
It was a child free thing so I asked my parents to look after E (My daughter) and they agreed. 

This morning before I took my daughter to kinder I spoke to my neighbor about looking after my cats whilst I was gone, she's  an Elderly lady (EL) and adores my daughter so agreed to cat sit E. Unfortunately my neighbor behind me over heard my plans and decided that I needed to look after her spawn.

When I got home from dropping E off at Kinder I found EM sitting on my front step:

EM: Hey Holy I heard you have the 24th free.

Me: Yep, gonna go hit the town. Haven't had the chance to spoil myself in AGES haha

EM: Actually could you cancel those plans hubby and I need a night out could you baby sit?

She looked so smug as she got up from my step and proceeded to dust herself off

Me: No, I am actually looking forward to celebrating my birthday and for once I would like to not be surrounded by children.

EM: seriously your celebrating your birthday, honey you need to grow up only children celebrate birthdays and I NEED a night out.

Me: Why do you need a night out? You don't work, your husband and yourself are basically child free every other weekend.

EM: Does it matter why, just look after my children, you don't need a night out just so you can go get drunk.

Me: I am actually......

EM: No be responsible, I'll be dropping them off at 6pm and you will be there.

She goes to leave. 

Me: Wow aren't you the epitome of entitlement? I am not dropping my plans so you can do whatever, spend time with your kids instead of palming them off to whoever you feel free at the time, plus I did not ask my parents to look after E just so I can babysit your brats, now off my property I have things to do.

She did leave but not before cussing me out, it's not the first time she has done this to someone, and her kids are nightmares./nI was 10 years old and I was at Disney world for my birthday, it was going to rain so my dad agreed to let me meet one more character before we could go into a shop to wait out the storm (Florida has loads for 10 minutes storms). I chose Marie from Aristocats, I had never seen the movie but I had a Marie stuffed animal. The line is quite long, but hey, it was my 10th birthday! So me and my Dad are in line behind a woman and her daughter, LG (little girl) was about 7. LG (little girl) is whining and tugging on her mothers sleeve.

"Mommy! What is taking so long?! I wanna see the kitty!!"

"I know honey, you will see the kitty soon" said EM

I look over my shoulder and I see a young girl in a wheelchair that allowed her to lie down. I consider myself a friendly person and I love making new friends so I wave at the little girl, she smiles at me and I notice that she is wearing a make a wish shirt and so is the rest of her family, I quickly understand the situation and I am glad as I see her making her way to the front of the line. Suddenly EM turns around and looks at my dad, rolling her eyes. 

"Sometimes I wish that my daughter was like that so WE can skip the lines" 

"Excuse me?!" My dad said

"You know, it would so nice to have an excuse to go the the front."

My dad was extremely offended because his uncle has cerebral palsy and my uncles wife has spina bifida, and my dads favorite cousin died young of cystic fibrosis. He turned away from her and starts having a conversation with me to change the subject. But EM was NOT DONE!

"Sir, you are being very rude, ignoring us." 

My dad ignores her.

"Maybe if your daughter was like that, then you would understand that it's a blessing in disguise."

Umm absolutely not, my dad was furious. He continued to ignore her and she eventually gave up on finishing the conversation.

 All I have to say is that I hope is that the sick little girl is in peace, and that the  has learned how to act from someone other than her mother.


Edit: thank you so much for the silver!! I've never had been awarded anything before!/nSo I was going to the supermarket with my mother who has a disability where she can only stand but her legs give up and she can’t walk. So she asks me to help her stand to get something I couldn’t reach because I was a midget when I was 13 and then I see behind her some brat playing with her wheel chair. And I told the kid “Get off of that it isn’t yours” and I pulled him off. The kid starts crying and the EM comes over saying “let my son play with your wheelchair!” And the conversation went like this:

Me “It isn’t a toy you can’t have your kid playing on it.”

EM “Why not? You don’t need it.”

Me “my mother can’t stand for much longer get your brat off of it.”

EM “YOU GREEDY BITCH YOU DON’T EVEN NEED IT SHE CAN STAND AND YOU ARE JUST SOME RUDE TEENAGER THAT WANTS HER TO HAVE IT!” 

Me “please back away or I’m going to get security.”

She was silent but security was already here since an employee overheard the conversation and already got them, she was kicked out and that horrible experience ended. 

Moral of the story don’t be a bitch that steals disabled people’s canes, walkers, or wheelchairs, if they have one it’s for a reason, not to play with as a toy./nMobile apologies

Cast:
EM- walking megaphone
EET- extremely embarrassed teenager
F- Fiancé 
Me- a fuckin chinchilla

Small backstory: I was diagnosed with endometriosis, which along with being painful, makes my stomach swell to an unreasonable size (I literally have to have 2 different pants sizes in my closet). I’d gotten multiple people thinking I was pregnant because of the ridiculous bloating, which never helped me feel any better about the condition. 

I’m at the mall with my boyfriend. We used to go all the time when we were first in high school, but hadn’t been in a few years and were bored. I started having pains while we were waiting for food, so I left F in line to go find a table so I can sit down at least. 

I’m slouched in the chair, tapping my foot with my eyes closed. A few minutes later, a woman (EM) walks over to me and taps my shoulder. 

Me: yes?

EM: are you really here alone sweetie?

Me: no, I’m actually just waiting for my boyfr-

EM: oh sweetie, you don’t have to pretend that there’s still a man in the picture. 

Me: ... what?

EM: listen, my son and I were sitting over there *she points towards a boy about my age sitting alone, looking like he wants to die* and he told me he thinks you’re pretty. You know, he’s starting his path to a very prosperous law career, and-

Me: okay, hold on. thanks for the compliment I guess? I’m NOT pregnant by the way, I actually have endometriosis, which can cause sometimes pretty extreme swelling. I’m also not here alone. I’m waiting for my fiancé to come back from the line. 

EM: it’s okay, you don’t have to lie about some man or some fake injury. Even if you aren’t pregnant, EET would still take good care of you. He can support you and your little faults...

I start to respond, but F sets our food on the table, kisses my cheek, then stands next to me with his hand on my shoulder. 

F: What’s going on?

EM: who are you?

Me: my fiancé. The one you’re trying to deny exists to get me to hook up with your kid. 

F: what?

EM: ugh, you who*e, you can’t just count some random man as a fiancé! He’s probably just your little hookup!

F and I both put up our hands, showing our engagement rings. EM just stares at us. I glance over at EET, who has now gotten up and is slowly walking down towards a different part of the mall, checking over his shoulder. 

Me: you might want to go find your prestigious future  law school kid. He seems to have left you. 

With that she turns around, looking for a minute until she finally sees EET. His expression drops as he makes eye contact with her. She storms off towards him, yelling at him the whole way. F sits down and we try to process whatever in the fresh fuck just happened.  (Sorry EET, I didn’t know how else to get her to leave and you left yourself open.)

EDIT: I was only diagnosed in January of this year. Ive been trying to give it time to decide if I want to go through with a hysterectomy./nHello guys, I was scrolling through this subreddit when I remembered a great entitled parent story my mom has. Some backstory. This took place in the 90s, in case anything seems not up to date. My mom just bought her first house with my dad, and my mom's aunt and uncle were going through financial struggles at the time, not sure what, and their house got foreclosed on. Being the generous people they are, my parents decided that they could rent out the semi-finished basement they had. They accepted, and moved in a couple weeks later. The first days went fine (or so they thought), and they respected their privacy and didn't go down there, and they came up and ate dinner with my parents in the evenings. Then, a strange smell that smelled like a combination of all alcohol and drugs known to man started seeping upstairs, so my parents investigated. Here's where our lovely story begins.

Cast:

EA - Shitty game developing company

EU - Creators of the legendary article 13

M - Mom

D - Dad

P1- Cop 1

P2 - Cop 2

My mom knocks on the door that led to the basement. No response. She cracks the door open and calls for them, and oh boy did hell break loose. Here's the conversation that follows.

EA and EU simultaneously, with a very harmonic sound: HOW DARE YOU INVADE OUR PRIVACY? WE ARE CALLING THE COPS!

D: Well, good freaking luck with that, seems like you're running a very successful meth kitchen down there.

EU: Are you kidding me? We would never do that! Stop breaking into our property! This is trespassing!

M, raising her voice, angrily: I'm sorry if you're out of touch, but this is our house that we rightfully own, and we offered you the basement at 50 dollars a month just to be gracious. Could we please check on what's going on down there? It smells very strange.

EA: ABSOLUTELY NOT! YOU ARE IMPEDING ON OUR PRIVACY AND ATTEMPTING TO ROB US, GO AWAY NOW OR YOU WILL FACE FELONY CHARGES!

D: First off, by the looks of it, the only felons coming out of this are you guys, cooking up meth, crack, heroin, smoking it too, or whatever the hell y'all are doing. Second off, this is our house AGAIN, and we are just checking up on your well-being.

EA: Who are you, jumping down OUR throats, claiming that we are doing absolutely terrible things!

M: Hey, we are not accusing you of anything, we have caught whiff of some quite horrendous odors that smell of drugs.

EU: We would never do that! You guys are idiotic!

D: Hey, I don't know what you think you'll get out of this cop thing, but regardless, I will ask you guys to leave this house, as obviously you are acting in a terrible manner and I'm 90% sure you are at least doing one type of drug down there, and just as certain you are trashing that place down there. I made a terrible mistake by allowing you rats in here.

EA: OH! MY! GOD! What did you just call me? Wait until I tell the police this, you guys are ASSAULTING me!

EA then starts the most ugly, fake cry I have ever heard.

EU: How dare you make my lovely sweetheart cry! This is murder!

*Yes, he seriously said that.*

My parents had enough of this. They started walking down the stairs, and when they came down, they were met with the most astonishing scene they ever seen. The place was absolutely destroyed. The beautiful living set my dad inherited from his dad? Destroyed. Holes everywhere, covered in cigarette ash. There was heaps of weed, meth, and whatever other drugs exist out there because they were not drug experts. Damages were in the thousands. What happened next was a ton of yelling, fighting, and the EA and EU playing the victim card, and so on for about 10 minutes. D sent M to call the police. When the police arrived, the already fucked situation went further south.

EA, yes she said this word for word: Thank goodness you arrived officers! You saved me just in time! These two horrible (insert racial slur even though we are white) were about to kill me! They ransacked my house for no reason and then both of them raped me and my husband! We are completely traumatized and demand that you arrest these people immediately!

The officers were just dumbfounded because it was obvious what happened. M told them everything and you could smell the drugs from Timbuktu.

P1: M'am, I'm sorry, but you and your husband are under arrest for possession of drugs, verbal assault, and destruction of private property.

EU: Excuse me, what the hell do you think you're doing! You're telling me you're on this rat's side too? Great! Time to send more Jews to prison!

He then grabbed a broken beer bottle and lunged at P1. P2 Tackled him just in time, and P1 arrested him.

P2: Also, assault with a deadly weapon and evading arrest are now added to your list of charges! Congratulations!

EU threw around a bunch more insults and slurs and both of those oxygen thieves were sent off to the county jail. It turns out that P2 recently was in a similar situation as them, and ended up becoming great friends with them. She eventually became my main babysitter as a kid, and she was an amazing role model. The EA got locked up for a bit for multiple drug charges among other offences, and the EU got screwed even more for the attempted assault part. My parents cut contact with them of course, and I'm pretty sure they are still homeless today.

Edit: The reason why I put this in r/entitledparents is because they actually had children who were in foster care at the time, and you get more karma here as opposed to smaller subreddits, and I sorta had an excuse to post it in a larger sub so... yeah./nSo, lemme start off by saying that the outcome of this probably won't be super-exciting and doesn't involve much except for basic drama, but I thought it was so absurdly ridiculous that it was worth posting. Apologies for any formatting problems, I'm on a cell phone.

Now, anyone that knows me or has met me before winter made me park it (road salt sucks) knows that I have a nearly fully restored 1981 Chevrolet Camaro Z28 in bright yellow. I bought it off some dude going through a divorce as a half-finished project; it wasn't in bad shape, but the interior was bombed out and had some sloppy work that needed correcting, no big deal for me since I'm a mechanic by trade. It's my first real project and the first car I owned that wasn't a hand-me-down from my grandparents... and I am PROUD of it.

Last November, I was stopped at a gas station on my way home from work for some gas (that 350 is a thirsty bitch, lol) and an after work snack when I see a dude (ED) in his mid-40s to early-50s walk over to eye up my ride. This is nothing new to me; these late 2nd gen Camaros are rare to see in my region and it is painted in an eye-catching color.

I pay for my chips and soda, walk on over, and strike up a conversation. Turns out his first car was a 79 Berlinetta and we talked shop for a while, that is until this prissy looking teenage girl (EB) walks up beside him... he then looks me, looks back at my car, then back to me and asks:

ED: "it's definitely beautiful... how much you want for it?"

Me: "uh, what?"

ED: "how much do you want for your car? I can give you cash... or check, if you prefer." (Proceeds to whip out his checkbook and a stuffed money clip full of benjamins)

Me: "sorry dude, its not for sale."

ED: (puts on his best 'buddy' smile) "c'mon, everything has a price. I can do 6 grand right here."

Me: (holds back laughter since the engine alone cost 6k) "yeah sure, I'll sell you a car with over 14,000 dollars of work and valued at 23,000 for 6 grand... and while you're at it, I have a bridge to sell you, too!

At this point, EB chimes in.

EB (tugging on EB's sleeve) "daddy, you said you'd buy me a nice car! I want a cool car!"

ED strokes his daughter's hair and quietly says something to the effect of "don't worry sweetie, we'll get you this one". 

ED: (Turns back to me) "can't you cut us a little slack? For the lovely lady?"

Me: "uh, no. Still not for sale."

ED: (now getting visibly irritated) "you're going to refuse to sell me a car for my daughter? Really? You should just get rid of it, look at how dirty you are. That car is too nice for someone like you! I bet you don't even know how to take care of it!"

EB: yeah! This car is too cool for you!

Now I am getting angry. Like I mentioned before, I'm a mechanic. I'm coming home from work, still in my work clothes, with an ASE patch on my shoulder, with a bit of grime on my arms & face from a long day of fixing other people's shitboxes, there should be no mistaking that I know how to take care of my ride... or so I thought.

Me: (after composing myself quickly) "Sir, I've done all the work to this car. I put the engine and transmission in it, I rebuilt the suspension, I detailed the paint, and i restored the interior all on my own. I think I'd know how to take care of the vehicle I basically rebuilt from the ground up."

ED: "no you didn't. That work looks too good for you to have done it."

Me: "uh. Yeah. I did."

ED: "whatever. Just sell it; you can find another project."

Me: "hm, lemme think: NO. now take your daughter and get lost. I'm not budging."

At this point EB is whining to "daddy" that he said he would sell it, and I thought I maybe saw a tear in her eye... and then ED turned red in the face and started tearing into me about how I was selfish, about how his little girl deserved the car more than I ever did, and then jabs that I probably made the whole thing up about it being a project and that I probably stole it.

Me: (glaring at him) "now I will definitely NOT sell it to you. After all, your brat will probably wreck it in a couple weeks anyway. Now, I'm tired and im going to go home."

At this point I'm opening up the door and getting in while they both are screaming every insult in the book at me while I just ignore it; I wasn't lying when I said I was tired, and now I just wanted to go home and have a beer.

Now, I forgot to mention that this gas station happens to be situated at a county border, next to an exit ramp for a VERY busy interstate. It's a local hangout for the state police and sheriff's deputies from both counties. And guess who just rolled in? A sheriff's deputy from the county I work in. The same deputy who entrusts me with their patrol car's maintenance, who I have become quick friends with and is friends with everyone at work, and got glimpses into the progress on my Camaro. (We'll call him sheriff friend, or SF) He notices the two screaming at me and walks over to ask what the problem was.

ED: (looks at me and gets a little smirk on his face) "officer, I'd like to report that this kid's car is stolen! And I'd like to press charges for calling my daughter a brat!"

SF: (looks at me, then at the car, and bursts out laughing) "sir, this car definitely belongs to him! I've seen him working on it before at the shop he works at!" (Turns to me) "wrench_it, are these folks giving you a hard time?"

Me: "yeah, they're flipping out because I wouldn't sell it to them."

SF: "really?"

Me: "yup." (I proceeded to fill him in on everything that had happened.)

SF: (turns back around to face ED) "sir, you gave him an offer and he refused. You then proceeded to verbally abuse him worse than the jab he made at your daughter. I believe you should just leave."

ED looks shocked and his mouth imitates a goldfish for a few seconds, before he hangs his head and mutters an "ok", and walks off with EB (now wailing that she didn't get my car) in tow.

I thank him and we say our goodbyes... and just as a final jab, I queue up "you can't always get what you want" by the rolling stones as I start to pull out... ED immediately recognized the song i was playing and flipped me off.


Yeah, nobody got arrested or got the piss beaten out of them, but it easily one of the most surreal moments I've had in my life.

Oh, and I had a nice, relaxing drive home after that and a quiet evening watching TV.


TL;DR: entitled dad wants to buy my car for his spoiled brat. I refuse. Dad flips his shit and my deputy friend tells him to leave.

EDIT: well damn, I had no idea this was gonna be as popular as it is... thanks for the gold, kind stranger!

EDIT 2: for all the people asking for a pic, there's one posted on my profile 

EDIT 3: platinum? Damn./nThis is my third post on this subreddit. My first 2 post I actually experienced, while this happened to my mom, since I was 6 and at my uncle's for the summer vacation.

Now for a little bit of backstory. My grandma passed away when I was 6, due to terminal cancer.

Now for the cast:

-Mom

-EM

-fucking hellspawn (EK)

-GF1 (Grandma's friend)

-GF2

Okay, so my grandma was having her chemotherapy, and there were 3 other people waiting to get theirs. My grandma was already in the process of getting her chemotherapy. The nurse had let my mom leave a gift basket in an empty chair. 

Then EM comes into play.

She comes walking in the hallway heading for the door, and she begings to push the door open. Thankfully, my mom who was waiting outside stops her.

Mom: "hello, excuse me, are you having a chemotherapy?"

EM: "uh, no?"

She then proceeds to open the door again.

Mom: "I'm sorry, but that room is for patients only."

EM: "yea, I know. I just had to pick something up." 

Mom: "but y--" 

The woman opens the door and suddenly a  kid just comes running through the already closed door and slams it open. You may think, okay a he's probably a little kid he probably didn't know any better. THE KID WAS 13.

The kid waits at the door saying:

EK: "moooomm come on I'm hungryyyy"

EM: "okay honey!" She then proceds to grab the gift basked and gets ready to leave when:

GF1: "ma'am, that basket is for that woman over there." 

My mom says: "yeah, she's my mom."

GF2: "she's going through so much pain I think she deserves that basket better."

Then the EM says the most offensive thing anyone could even hear:

"She's probably gonna die tomorrow, she's not gonna need this." 

My grandma's friend went fucking sicko mode. She was 21 and is still a family friend to this day.

GF1: "LOOK HERE YOU PIECE OF S---" that woman fucking slapped her.

SHE SLAPPED A CANCER VICTIM IN THE HOSPITAL

my mom then punched that bitch in the face throwing her against the chair and dropping the basket. 

GF2 had called security through the open door and they walked in separating my mom and that whore. 

It seemed like it was steaming down when suddenly the kid grabs the basket and attempts to run off. 

One of the guards grabs the basket by its end and due to the guard's strength he rips the basket but the kid also falls on his back.

The woman is now screaming about suing them for "hitting her baby!!!!" 

The woman was scorted out and apparently were banned from the hospital.

Sadly that womans 'prophecy' almost came true since my grandma died two days later.

Update: my mom had never showed me a picture of that psycho, until now.

My mom is not on Reddit but I told her i had posted the story on an "anonymous social media page". After so many years she finally showed me a picture of that woman. She seemed oddly familiar when I remembered- THAT BITCH LIVES RIGHT DOWN THE STREET FROM HER.

Her house is in one of those circular neighborhoods.. Or those in which the main street goes all the way around. And down the street from that there are many houses in two straight lines all heading to a school. 

The EM lived right next to school, across from my grandma's old home which is now ocuppied by my older sister, who is renting. 

Now ill never look at her the same way. She actually goes to our casual neighborhood barbecues and she'll be there. Like nothing happened/n&#x200B;

I live in with a DIY family just so you know we do everything ourselves, we even build our own furniture.

My family is getting the driveway paved and I have to help and since I was kinda slacking off I had to do the rest myself and I was willing to. the rest of the family was inside but I didn’t mind that I like being outside, and after all I did slack off.

So as I was working , 3 girls about 10-12 asks if they could write their names into the concrete and I told them “no” and they walk off and come back with an adult.

&#x200B;

The moment she sees me she starts yelling at me for “denying a child’s childhood” and seeing as she was getting nowhere she left and I went in because I was done with the job.

when I come out they are putting their names into the concrete, my dad tells them to stop so they do as they are told and leave, and we solve the problem by paving it over.

Two days later the same mom is back at 9 in the morning and she started yelling at me again calling me a

“monster” and “dream crusher” for not allowing her daughter to write their names on the driveway.

&#x200B;

She leaves the house while muttering “people these days” under her breath.

&#x200B;

She hops in her car and drives off, or so we thought

&#x200B;

Literally an hour later, her kids are in our yard jumping on our trampoline and when I tell them to leave they say “my mom said we could” but thankfully they listen and leave the next thing you know their mother is back and screaming at me again so I just close the door in her face you could still here her yelling “ HEY! We’re not done here! Answer me!” But we ignored her and she finally left it was the last time she showed up and I have a feeling she will be back again, but I can't take her seriously, but I know I would be ready in case she comes back./nSo Recently i got back into contact with my cousin who's currently living in Seattle (originally from indo like me). Now she is obsessed with electric cars since they are quiet yadda yadda more mileage yadda. She recently bought a 2016 Fiat 500e electric car. While on the outside looks like a normal car, there are obvious signs that show that the car is electric.

One day she was heading back to her apartment and parked her car in the basement. In her apartment parking lot, there are 5 spots for electric cars and she parked in one of them. As she got out to plug in the charger an SUV to her description was a ford drove up and stopped behind her,

&#x200B;

Conversation went like this

ED: Entitled douche, C: Cousin

&#x200B;

ED: you can't park there, it's for electric cars, and i have one so move (not true)

C: Sir i know for a fact that your car is gas powered and my car is electric. I'm parking at the right spot and beside i live here puta (she says puta a lot despite me telling her what it means)

ED: doesn't matter, move your car so I can park there, all the other spots are full

C: My car is electric, I can prove it to you (opens the cap for the plug)

ED: listen i don't care, just move

C: I'm not moving for your pollution vehicle

ED: Just move goddammit

C: No

ED: Your car isn't even electric, Only tesla is electric

C: Other car brands have electric too puta, Besides it even shows electric car on the rear bumper can't you see

ED: Just fucking move or else

C: Sorry weirdo, I'm not moving, now get your piece of shit out of here k?

&#x200B;

ED then drove off and left and My cousin went back to her apartment

&#x200B;

she came back down later because she left her textbooks and that's when she saw that her windshield was smashed.

&#x200B;

Luckily because of camera's they caught the perp and it was ED who used a golf club. Needless to say he had to pay for the damages and was forced to park his car somewhere else.

&#x200B;

no arrests just a dumb ed that doesn't know that there are other brands that make electric cars other than tesla.

&#x200B;

Edit 1: I just asked my cousin and she said that the car is a Ford Escape

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Thank you guys soooo much for 2.8k upvotes

&#x200B;

Edit 3: Some of you suggested that my cousin goes to small claims court, but my cousin doesn't want to and couldn't care less about the windshield damage. The ED paid and that's all she cares./n(On mobile, so bear with me and I can't use Italics so I just use *)

So this is my first post that doesn't revolve around the horrible Florida trips I took every other summer. Anyways this is about a different breed of the race known as the elusive Entitled Parent, the racist breed. Also it's important to note that my girlfriend is from another state so we video chat often.

So here's our cast...ED= Entitled Racist Dad, EB= Entitled racist Boy, P= Principal, M= me a 15 year old skinny geek with a mean left hook, GF= my beautiful BLACK girlfriend who I love.

(So this starts on my school bus ride home and I'm minding my own business with my ear buds in video chatting with my girlfriend)

M: so babe did you get your present in the mail yet? (It was recently her birthday and I decided to mail her some pretty sweet and romantic things)

GF: awe of course I loved them baby *we go on talking for about 12 more minutes when I feel a very aggressive jab in the back of my neck and instinctively whip my head around and take my ear buds out*

EB: hey loser why you talking to a n###a?? 

M: *now I'm understandably taken back by what the fuck this guy just said to me* um excuse me? What did you just say?!

EB: *now a little more aggressive* you heard me! Why the fuck are you talking to a DIRTY ASS N###A!?

M: *now I'm pissed af* don't you dare call her that again you racist mother fucker! *this bitch grabs my phone, unplugs my ear buds, and begins to insult and say even more racist slurs to my gf so I've had enough and slam my left fist straight into this pricks nose, grab my phone and bring his face to my knee and get off the bus as it comes to my stop* 

GF: *crying cuz she's not good with confrontation and doesn't have a high self esteem as I try to help her build* what happened [my name] is he gone? 

M: *still pissed af and knuckles still clenched with rage* yeah babe he's gone I nailed the mother fucker in the damn face!

(So I go on with the rest of my day thinking that was the end of things BUT BOI WAS I WRONG. The next day at school I'm called down to the principal's office and who's there but the the EB and ED)

ED: *pissed as hell* SO YOU'RE THE ONE WHO BEAT UP MY SON! 

M: *I look over and see that EB has a broken nose taking pride in that* yes I did after he called my girlfriend a range of racial slurs and stole my phone.

P: Well [my name] this isn't what I was told, I was told you attacked this young man here and threatened to and I quote "get your girlfriend and both shoot him with a gat". *I was speechless af while both ED and EB and smug ass grins on their faces* 

M: that's not at all what happened! Please just check the bus footage *and so we did and ED and EB were pissed*

P: hmm well it looks like you're telling the truth but you did hit another student so I'm going to have to suspend you for a day.

ED: WHAT!?! He assaults my son and you're just going to suspend him!? He was just trying to make a DIRTY N###ER learn her place! *this shocked the principal and then it happened...*

P: Sir there's no reason for that language.

ED: No! I guess I have to take matters into my own hands! * this big ass dude grabs my phone from me and threw it at the window, which broke the window*

P: SIR I AM GOING TO CALL THE POLICE! *ED and EB bolted out there but since EB was a student the school had their home address and police arrived shortly after*

(I later learned that ED was actually a KKK member and had been arrested for harassment, destruction of property, attempted theft, assaulting a black officer, and resisting arrest)

(Wow thanks for all the support everyone, me and my girlfriend are doing much better now but she has sever anxiety so this really fucked with her😞)/nOk so i'm a third generation american on PC so I should be making no spelling mistakes (feel free to point them out though) I also have 3 other ep  stories I will talk about some other time

gratuitous swearing below so possibly nsfw

This is my first post so if you think this is BS well that's not true but it's understandable to think that because this story is insane

BACKSTORY

It's 2015, i'm 19 at the time. I just moved out of my parents house (Me and my parent never got along very well, that's why i moved out ) and lived in a small apartment complex (one of the only in town) I worked a lot so I could buy a new gaming computer The Asus ROG G751JT and this shit wasn't cheap so I had been saving up for a long time. Finally I had enough money to buy it and immediately took it home. I lived in a small town, it couldn't have been more than 800 - 1000 and everyone knew everyone. There was miles and miles of forests, hiking trails and parks around us so I liked walking around them when I didn't work or was doing anything else.

So it was about a week after I decided I was going to one of the forest preserves around my apartment because there was this one trail that had a gazebo thing with outlets for electronics and it also had wifi so yeah. This old man is sitting on a bench at the gazebo but I've seen him there before and sometimes we talk about fishing together or play chess so I don't worry. So I take my computer and my phone with me and start  playing fallout 4 which came out not long before this. About an hour passes and I hear yelling in the distance and Oh wait. what's that ... it's time to meet the cast.

EP= entitled parent

EH= entitled hell spawn

ET=entitled teen

T= teen

COP=cop

OM= old man

ME= me

EP, EH,ET and T all walk by me. EP and ET are arguing about something( something along the lines of OH HOW COULD YOU DO THAT)

&#x200B;

EK notices my phone and my laptop and starts walking toward me.

&#x200B;

This kid couldn't have been over ten. Their are band aids and pretty damn big bruises all over him. He looks like his name would be Kevin so that's what we will call him for now on

&#x200B;

Kevin: what are you doing.

&#x200B;

ME:(already annoyed because I hate kids) playing a game

&#x200B;

Kevin: ooooooooOOOOOOooooooo let me play( tries to push me out of the seat)

&#x200B;

ME:( I don't budge) no and ask nicely next time

&#x200B;

I honestly would have probably let him play as long as his hands were clean but If you've ever played any of the fallout's you know they aren't the most kid friendly.

&#x200B;

Kevin: let me playyyyyYYYYyyYyyYy

&#x200B;

ME: Kid go back by your mom. Now

&#x200B;

Kevin: (goes crying to his mom)

&#x200B;

I thought it was over. BOY WAS I WRONG

&#x200B;

About 30 seconds later EP is standing over me like the terminator.

&#x200B;

EP:  why didn't you let my baby boy play on you play station ( yes she actually said play station )

&#x200B;

ME: because he was rude to me and his hands are dirty

&#x200B;

T looks embarrassed but ET is giving me some weird look

&#x200B;

EP: well that's no reason to not let him play

&#x200B;

ME: ( already am pissed but am trying to stay calm ) Look lady I don't even know who you are but this is my laptop and I can do-

&#x200B;

EP: THAT IS NO WAY TO TALK TO ME YOUNG LADY, NOW LET MY SON PLAY THE XBOX

&#x200B;

Kevin tries to push me again

&#x200B;

I don't move

&#x200B;

Then Kevin tries to grab the computer and my phone but before he can even do that...

&#x200B;

ET comes out of nowhere and literally grabs my ass. Like what the fuck

&#x200B;

(keep in mind. I am not making this up)

&#x200B;

ME:  HEY WHAT THE FUCK

&#x200B;

I was so done I pushed Kevin and ET pretty damn hard

&#x200B;

EP: HOW DARE YOU PUSH MY BABIES

&#x200B;

ME: WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO YOUR HELL SPAWN GRABBED MY ASS

&#x200B;

ep is really shouting at this point but I don't feel like writing in all caps so just imagine her shouting

&#x200B;

EP: That's no reason to punch him and anyway it's your fault for not wearing a shirt, your just trying to flash people.

&#x200B;

Ok so let me get something out of the way I was wearing sweatpants and a hoodie  It wasn't a super slutty hoodie or anything but it was like 12 years old and fragile so I tried not to pull on it much

&#x200B;

ME: well I never expected someone to steal from me. Or grab my ass. Or be a fucking lunatic

EP: How dare you accuse my boy of stealing you bitchy slut

&#x200B;

I then notice Kevin is holding on to the computer with a death grip

ME: you give that back right now or I will call the police

&#x200B;

This must have finally gotten through his thick skull at least for a moment because he put it down. I then grab it and  put it in the case I bought for it

&#x200B;

I grab my shit and decide it's time to go

&#x200B;

I started walking and then EP yanks on my hood and well you know how I said it was fragile, well I wasn't lying

So I dropped my case and try to cover up. I was still wearing a bra but still.

&#x200B;

( I wasn't worried about the laptop because the case it was in was pretty protective)

&#x200B;

EP:( grabs the case and rips it in HALF which is impressive because it was pretty thick plastic)

&#x200B;

EP: If we can't have this stupid play station on one can

&#x200B;

She then proceeds to slam it on the edge of the table completely splitting it in half.

&#x200B;

Kevin screams at EP because she broke the computer

&#x200B;

EP: boys we are LEAVING.

&#x200B;

Kevin is still crying

&#x200B;

EP: Kevin NOW

&#x200B;

still crying

&#x200B;

EP: Kevin get off your ass( she then proceeds to slap Kevin in the face pretty damn hard and picks him up to leave )

&#x200B;

That explains the bruises on him

&#x200B;

and then right before they turn the corner my SAVIOR shows up

&#x200B;

THE COPS

&#x200B;

EP:( looking nervous) Officer you have to help us this girl tried to sexually assault me and my family and when we tried to stop her she threw my computer at me.

&#x200B;

Cop looks at me angrily and here is what he sees

&#x200B;

Me. cold. Trying to cover myself up and a computer on the floor in half

Needless to say I was nervous

&#x200B;

COP: ma'am put your hands behind your back

&#x200B;

ME: NO officers you have to listen to me ple-

&#x200B;

COP: put your hands behind your back

&#x200B;

I was mad because I'm pretty sure cops have to hear both sides of the story. I start to comply and suddenly

&#x200B;

FAMILIAR VOICE: Hold on now Dave.

&#x200B;

I look over in the direction of the voice and its THE OLD MAN

&#x200B;

COP: Frank hey. How ya doin.

&#x200B;

OLD MAN: Good until five Minutes ago. This woman is innocent I saw The whole thing from that bench.

COP: Ma'am is this true

&#x200B;

ME: (obviously going to say yes) yes

&#x200B;

EP: No officer he is lying YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME

&#x200B;

COP: Ma'am I've known frank for 23 years I don't think he's lied once

&#x200B;

EP then flops onto the ground and call us an assortment of names

&#x200B;

COP: Frank what did you see happen

&#x200B;

Old man recaps everything that just had happened and as it turns out he called the police

&#x200B;

Cop then looks over at EP, ET and Kevin

&#x200B;

COP: Ma'am put your hands behind your back and step away from your children

&#x200B;

EP: No you can't do that I have rights

&#x200B;

COP: Your exactly right ma'am, here they are (says rights)

&#x200B;

The cop starts to put handcuffs on her

&#x200B;

EP: aaaaaaHHHHHHNHHHHHhHhhhHhhh ASSAULT

&#x200B;

Before the cop can fully put on the cuffs she fucking lunges and tackles me to the ground( reminder this is all concrete) and just starts whaling on me

&#x200B;

PLEASE REMEMBER. I CAN'T MAKE THIS SHIT UP

&#x200B;

And then the cop tased her

&#x200B;

later that day I had to go to the hospital because I fractured my arm and EP broke her leg on impact with the ground. While I was there waiting for my friend to pick me up T walked over, which I was fine with because out of all of them he seemed the most sane. He apologized and was actually really nice. I pressed charges and got enough money to buy a new and better laptop

&#x200B;

So not a bad deal. Police actually took away EPs kids because they found out she was beating them(which explains the bruises on Kevin) Me and T are still friends. And me and the old man still play chess

&#x200B;

So

&#x200B;

uhhh

&#x200B;

yeah

&#x200B;

Thanks for coming to my TEDtalk

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: Thanks for silver

EDIT 2: holy shit gold

EDIT 3: JESUS FUCKING CHRIST PLATINUM

EDIT 4: DOUBLE PLATINUM/nFirst of all, I‘m not a Native English speaker, sorry for all my grammar mistakes.


This happened a few weeks ago in a train...
EP - Entitled parent
EC- Entitled child

I sat there, listened to music and just looked outside the window when a woman and her child entered the train. EP told EC to sit down next to me and I didn‘t pay much attention to that, until EC started to tap my arm. I pulled out my earphones and the EC asked if he could listen to my music. I usually listen to hard metal and I don‘t think that this music is appropriate for a child so I said no. I put my earphones in again and forgot about the child, until someone tapped my arm again, but this time it was EP. 

EP: Why won’t you let my child listen to your music?

Me: I don‘t think he‘ll like the music, I‘m sorry

EC: Mom I want to listen to her music

EP: Don‘t be such a bitch, my child just got out of the dentist and he did a great job, he deserves it

Me: Sorry, I had a rough day too and I don‘t have any music on my phone that would be appropriate for your child. I‘m sorry.

EP: Fuck off!

Me: Sorry?

Then I put my earphones back in.
EP grabbed my earphone out of my ear and gave it to her child.

Me: Excuse me???

EC starts crying and EP takes the earphone to find out what I was listening to. 

EP: That‘s disgusting! How dare you to poison my child with your music?

Me: (a bit furious) it‘s nit my fault that you took my earphone

EP: I hope you‘ll regret that. You‘re such a bitch!

Random guy: Sorry lady, what‘s the problem?

EP: She let my son listen to her devil‘s music

Me: You just took my earphone! 

Random Guy: Could you please leave her alone?

The next stop was mine and I thanked that guy and left. I don‘t know what happened to EP and EC but I actually don‘t care. The story may sound weird but I guess that‘s mostly because of my bad English. I hope you all habe a nice day./nHey, so the beginning of this isn’t really an Entitled parent story but it will help you understand what the situation was

Also people keep asking why my dad got arrested so hopefully this explains why.

So, last summer me and my dad moved to Ohio, to be closer to family. My dad isn’t Entitled, he’s actually really nice and helped me get away from my Entitled mom. When we first got to Ohio we didn’t have a place to stay so my dad convinced my mom to let us stay for a week and that week was stupid. My mom would wait until my dad left then start arguments with me then tell on me for being disrespectful. After that week I did not talk to her, in fact I blocked her. 

Fast forward about a month or 2 through August and I started school, very end of August my dad got arrested because he had tickets in Texas he never paid (there were tons of them). I met a friend and she told her parents about what happened and they recommend staying with them until he gets out. So I was fine, I was going to school. Waiting for my dad to get out. 

Randomly I start getting calls from a private number. I was confused so I just never answered it. At this point it was September 10-16 and I was called down to the principals office. The principal wasn’t there but the school sheriff was, he talked to me about my mom and this was the first I’ve heard about her in this situation.

Sheriff-S

Me-Me


S- So when was the last time you have talked to your mom

Me- um? Summer why?

S- summer? 

Me- Yeah why?

S- She actually called my office and said that you ran away

Me- Ran away? My address is definitely not the same as hers

S- yeah I thought so, have you been staying with her?

(He already knows about the whole dad getting arrested thing)

Me- No, she’s not someone I want to be around, she’s a danger to me.

S- I see...

Me- look if she calls back then tell her to back off because all she wants is to force me to move in with her, probably to get a social security check. I’m perfectly fine where I am and at this age I’m mature enough to chose where I want to live.

S- I understand.



Over the next week I heard that she called back to the sheriff and he told her what I said. He flipped on him saying “IM HIS MOTHER” and “I WILL HAVE YOU SUED” when he told me this I just told him to ingor her calls. The next day was the worst part, I was pulled into the office and told this

Front Desk- FD
Me-Me 

FD- Hey so we need to talk to you.

Me- Am I in trouble?

FD- so, your mom called.

Me- oh god this isn’t gonna be good is it.

FD- yeah, she told us that she has full custody of you and that you live at her address (says address) which isn’t in our district...

Me- I don’t live with her and she doesn’t have full custody because both parents are married 

FD- She actually faxed me this court document 

Me- (I read it and see something interesting) FD this was printed from a Microsoft word template, and the date is from 2016

FD- What does that matter?

Me- I lived with my dad in Texas in 2016. 

FD- well that doesn’t matter, your address has been updated and you can no longer attend the school

Me- What?!

FD- consider this your last day, your free to return to class.


You don’t have to read this part but it explains why I said what I’m about to say, when I was in 4th grade I said I was gonna kill my self and I didn’t mean it, they made a big deal about it and asked how I was planning to do it and I said something random I don’t remember. They brought me to a sike hospital for dangerous kids. 

Me- IM GONNA GO JUMP OFF THE BRIDGE 

FD- What? Do you wanna talk to the therapist?

I ran out knowing they would call 911 and I ran passed a bridge to my apartment from when I was first born, they tracked my phone and found me. I was forced to go to the hospital. My plan worked perfectly. I didn’t have to be with my mom and I felt safe. Eventually they realized I was doing this because I didn’t wanna go home so they forced me to go home to my mom and they opened a 241 kids case. My mom said.



EM- YOUR HOME

Me- Never ever talk to me!

EM- oh you’ll get over it, your lucky I canceled the charges

Me- you should be arrested for making a false report.

EM- IM YOUR MOTHER BE GRATEFUL THAT YOUR HERE AND NOT IN THE HOSPITAL 

Me- I’d rather be anywhere then with someone like you

EM- IM YOUR MOTHER RESPECT ME WHEN IM TALKING TO YOU! YOUR NOBODY I CONTROL YOU!

Me- Oh what are you gonna do hit me? If you touch me I will not hesitate to break your stuff 


(Keep in mind I don’t wanna be here at all because of previous things with her.)

EM- I SAVED YOU!

Me- ALL YOU HAVE DONE WAS FILE A FALSE CHARGE AND GOT ME KICKED OUT OF SCHOOL!


That was the main part of the argument, it went on for hours. But the worst part of this is that she got me in September, she never re enrolled me into school until MID NOVEMBER. So she got me to have to do summer school.


I know this isn’t toooooo Entitled but if you would like a recent story about her check my account I already have 3 other stories posted about her. Thanks for reading guys./nThis is not my story. It's u/SkyHiro68's. I'm posting it for him.

NOTE: I posted it at his request. 

So yea...Mobile. Anywho, lets introduce the cast Me: The God of scrubs|Dad: Dad|Sister: Future Worker|EM:Karen|PD: Poor Dad|EK 1&2: Entitled Kids|W:Waitress

A little background information. My sister just got her first job and my dad decided we should celebrate. We went out to a steak house called Lucille's for dinner. My family is exactly well off but we are close. We pretty much get everything we want as long as we chores around the house and such. This story happened 3 days ago. ONWARD WITH THE STORY

We got sat down in a area that was rather open so you can hear other peoples conversations kinda clearly. My dad said this is a semi raised voice. Bad move we just didn't know at the time.

Dad: Order anything you want!

Me: So I can have mac & cheese with a side of mac & cheese?(I'm 15 but I love mac & cheese)

Dad: Sure

Sister: Are you sure?

Dad: Yes of course.

The Waitress comes and asked for our orders and we order what we want and then next to us we hear EM and family pretty much ordering the whole menu.

Me: Damn they much be really hungry

Dad: Don't be rude just let them be them

Me: Ok

Our food comes over and we begin to eat

Dad: So how are you enjoying your food?

Me&Sister: Its good

EM's family first set of food arrives and what do you know they barely eat anything.

Waitress: How is your meal?

EM: I didn't really like the steak but everything else was good.

Waitress: Well I'm sorry to hear that. Would you like me to get you a new one?

EM: I am good we are about to leave

Waitress: Ok then, I will bring you the check then.

Me: I wish I knew how much their bill will be.

Dad: Yea I think it's over $150

The waitress bring our check and theirs at the same time and hands us our check. Ours wasn't a lot so my sister got desert. EM sets her check on the table and begins to try and walk away.

Waitress: Wait! You haven't paid yet.

EM: That guy right there said he would pay for it(She points at my dad while saying that)

Dad: What? I never said that!

EM: You said to order whatever we want!

Dad: I was talking to my kids not you

EM: Well you said they can order whatever they want so you must be rich. Just pay for our bill and it will be over with.

Dad: Uh, no that your bill and you guys ordered a massive amount of food!

EM:SO? YOU SAID WE COULD ORDER WHATEVER WE WANT SO WE DID AND YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR IT!

Dad: *trying to keep calm* No that is not my problem you can hear what I said so leave me alone.

EK 1: Mommy I wanna go home!

EM: We will after they pay for our food Dad: Lady for the last time I am not paying for your food!

EM: THEN WHO IS?

Dad: Why doesn't your husband or you pay for it?

EM: HE DOESN'T HAVE ANY MONEY!

PD: What?

My sister finished her desert at this point so we gave the waitress the money and my dad told her to keep the change because he just wanted to leave.

EM: SEE YOU ARE RICH! YOU JUST LET HER KEEP THE MONEY!!

Dad: I only told her to keep the change so that I can get away from you.

EM: WELL WE ARE LEAVING TOO!

The workers called the police I just don't know when and they arrested the lady and she still tried to use the "He said we could order what we want!" She even tried to accuse my dad of assault. The workers and other people eating there told them the true story. We left after we went to the movies./nLong story, TLDR at bottom. 

Quick note that will be relevant later: I have something called pedophobia. It‘s not a fear of pedophiles (not scared of that, would probably just kick them as hard as possible), but a fear of infants and toddlers. I can typically handle seeing them around, but the second a child tries to interact, or I have to be responsible for one, I get all panicky. It gets really bad when I have to take care of one. 

Ok so. 

When I first moved to Switzerland, my mother worked really hard to make some friends, and one of her closest friends was a couple with 2 kids, one was 6 and the other was 4. 

They came over quite often, and usually brought their kids. I could avoid them pretty easily by curling up on the couch or going to my room. My mom knows about my fear, so she was always pretty okay with me avoiding them. 

Then we started getting problems. 

I was a freshman in high school, and the parents asked me to babysit their kids for a night while they went out to dinner. I politely explained that, no, I really didn‘t want to, and told them about my fear. They were kind of annoyed, but found another sitter for that night. 

Not even 2 weeks later they asked me to babysit again and I declined, telling the same thing I had said last time. The mom was considerably more angry, but left it alone. 

This continued for a month or two, them asking me to babysit and me declining, for all the reasons above. Then, sometime in March, the mom is over with my mom and they are talking about going out for lunch. 

The kids were in the game room where I kept my computer and PS4 and stuff, which was nice because they were out of the way. 

(EM)-Entitled Mom (M)-My mom (Me)-Me

EM: Say, (my name) would you pleeeeeease look after the kids while me and your mother go out for lunch?

Me: I‘m sorry, but I really don‘t feel comfortable doing that.

M: She gets very panicky around kids. She really shouldn‘t. Why don‘t you bring them along?

EM: She‘s in high school. She should be over this dumb 'fear' by now.

Me: Look, I‘ve explained this multiple times now, I-

EM: You owe this to me. Look, I‘ll pay you for it. 5 bucks. We‘ll only be gone for 2 or 3 hours. Don‘t be so rude, you‘ve always used that same excuse. 

M: You can bring the kids with us, I‘m sure they‘ll have fun.

EM: No. (My name) NEEDS to do this for me, she is always such a brat about this and never does anything for me and my kids, I just want 2 hours, that‘s not much to ask.

Me: For the last time, no. 

M: Why don‘t we just have lunch here then? We can make coffee and I can heat up the pastries I have in the fridge. 

EM: Ok. Fine. Whatever. Will you at least watch them while I run to the store with your mom so we can get some more coffee mix?

Me: Uh...

M: That sounds fine. We‘ll be 30 minutes, ok honey?

Me: Yeah, ok. 

At this point I just want to appease her, and hope that the kids will just shut up and stay in the game room. 

EM: Thank you so much. 

So they go off, do their thing, then it‘s 45 minutes and I‘m feeling a little panicky when my mom calls. 

She says she‘s coming home. 

I can barely hear her, she‘s talking over her car speaker and I can hear EM pretty much screaming in the background. 

My mom was pissed. Apparently, EM had taken her out to the store and offered to drive back, only to take my mom to a fancy restaurant and say they had a reservation. When my mom reminded her of me, at home, EM started getting pissy and said that I needed to get over my fear, and that I HAD to babysit her kids because of all the times I had turned her down. 

EM openly admitted that she had made lunch reservations, AND manicure appointments at a nail salon nearby. She was going to leave me with her kids for 3/4 hours without telling me, without leaving them food, and without any prior warning, even when I had said no. 

So my mom dragged her back to the car, drove back to our house, kicked her and her kids out, and never invited her over ever again. 

TLDR; I have a fear of kids, and even when I say no to babysitting, an entitled mother tries to trick me into babysitting by saying she‘ll make a 30 minute trip with my mom, that ended up having lunch reservations AND nail appointments. /nPeople involved: Me, Entitled Parent (EP), Entitled Daughter (ED), Owner (O)

I know, this is probably the most oddest thing you can hear can happen to someone but seeing how people are in world, you could believe it.

I work as a car mechanic at this small shop out in the rural parts of Texas, United States (My family came to America from Ireland in 2007 after my dad got a job offer he couldn’t resist) and I’ve been working their since my apprenticeship when I was 14 (I’m 19 and have been here since the owner became somewhat public to people in the city.

One day, we see this car drive up to the waiting lot, where people park their cars at so we can drive it in and fix them up, and this 16 yr old girl and her mother come out with these weird smiles (Their car didn’t appear so bad in shape, it was a white sedan that you would see in some place like Beverly Hills)

EP: Hey we need our car to be fixed

Me: (Being nice and pull a posh accent) Well what seems to be the issue love?

EP: You’re an Englishman? (EP and ED giggle)

Me: Nah, I’m Irish ma’am.

They both stopped and calm themselves immediately with a face of disgust, 

Me: So, what is it?

ED: My car makes this funny noise when I turn it on and sounds like someone is dying!

Me: Okay, let me hear it

So we head out and they turn on the car, it sounded normal at first and then it began to make abnormal sounds as if the engine was being drowned in something and steam began to appear

Me: Oi, that’s something.

EP: Well what is it?

Me: I can’t tell, I’ll have to pull it into the shop and see more about that.

ED: Well, can you tell us now? I have a recital to go to in an hour!

Me: That’s going to be a shame for you, I can’t just magically fix it like a fairy. (Dumb mistake to make since you can tell where this may lead to)

EP: Well aren’t you Irish people really good at this stuff, your kind always do this kind of work.

This is what ticked me off a bit since she was trying to make it seem that all of Ireland are somehow good with hard labor 

Me: Look, I’m trying to help you, this could take an hour or more ( My posh accent began to wear off now, now sounding more Irish)

ED: BUT MOMMY, MY RECITAL 

Me: (Closes my eyes and rolls them from hearing a kid of her age say that) Give me some time love and I’ll see what I can do to help you.

EP: Well hurry, you might as well start before we go somewhere else and get you out of this country like your ancestors!

O: (Hearing what’s going on because of the shouting from ED and EP) What seems to be the problem ma’am?

EP: This *Nina* won’t help me with my car!

Nina for those who don’t know is a racial slur against the Irish from the 19 Century meaning “No Irish Need Apply” essentially saying we’re drunks and a waste of time.

Me: Hold up...

EP: (Interrupts me)He’s been harassing me and my daughter about how we wasted his time and won’t help, how could you hire someone like this?

O has known me since I came here as him and my father are close friends and was the one to teach me about cars

O: Ma’am, please calm down, he’s one of my best employees and a good friend of mine, he can help but cars don’t just get fix so fast.

EP: Well maybe you should hire a spic, they can do it faster than this lousy drunk!

O: Okay, I’m going to ask you to leave now after you insulted my employee here and have been making this whole situation racist.

ED: (Begins to get upset) Fuck you, you lazy bastards have been nothing of help!

ED and EP leave pissed off and drive off, their car, however, broke down 10 miles away from the shop and ED missed her recital by 2-4 hours.

God this was stupid to have ever encounter in my life in America

Edit:I saw ED’s car an hour later when I went out to lunch to a diner in the city, the towing crew who got the car told us about what they were saying during the ride to another auto shop, like the recital thing. So there goes an answer of how I saw such karma happen/nMy first post + I'm on mobile, so excuse spelling mistakes please. TLDR at the bottom...

&#x200B;

I know people hate backstories, so I'll make this quick. There's this kid who was my friend at one point. He has the lowest form of autism, but he was a functioning person. Granted he got mad at people for no reason, but it wasn't that bad. Eventually, he started making fun of me, calling me by my middle name (which I don't like) tripping me, and making fun of my cousin (who has a scar all across her face). But, I managed.

&#x200B;

The Cast

&#x200B;

Me/OP: (take a wild guess)

&#x200B;

EK: Entitled Kid

&#x200B;

EM: Entitled Mom

&#x200B;

CD: Chill Dad (surprisingly) (only person in that family remotely sane)

&#x200B;

MM: My Mom

&#x200B;

GT:  Gym Teacher

&#x200B;

DP: Dick Principle

&#x200B;

J: Judge

&#x200B;

SI: superintendent 

&#x200B;

C: Caroline (my still BFF)

&#x200B;

PO: police officer 

&#x200B;

Towards 7th grade (going into 8th) we had gym together. And towards the end of the year, the Teachers decided to hold a  mini Base Ball tournament (just for our class). I unfortunately was picked to be on a team with the EK on my team. We were up to bat first, and we all lined up. we didn't have a specific line order, so we all just ran up to bat. I was 4th, C was 3rd (this will be important soon) . Apparently EK wanted to be in front of me and only me, so he squeezed in front of me. So dumb 13 year old me walked in front of C, then C in front of me. So, EK did the only logical thing, and bite my arm (the conversation went as follows)

&#x200B;

Me: OOOOOWWWWW! WTF!!!

&#x200B;

EK then went in front of me, crying and screaming: HA!

&#x200B;

C came to see what happened: are you OK OP?

&#x200B;

EK: oh, shes just being a whiny bitch.

&#x200B;

GT comes over: what happened

&#x200B;

EK: OP is just crying like a baby

&#x200B;

C: no, look at that (points to the bite mark)

&#x200B;

EK: oh, she just did that to herself

&#x200B;

GT:  That doesn't look like she did it!

&#x200B;

Me: no, EK did it!

&#x200B;

EK: LIAR !!

&#x200B;

GT: EK! PRINCIPAL"S OFFICE! NOW. C, BRING OP TO THE NURSES OFFICE!

&#x200B;

I go to the nurses office, and she takes pictures of my arm, as well as give me an ice pack while C was trying to calm me down. EK comes out of DP's office with a shit eating grin on his face. I walk in and Immediately he looks at me like i robbed from an orphanage. 

&#x200B;

DP: SIT DOWN NOW 

&#x200B;

Me: ok, so what did he te-

&#x200B;

DP: WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO FRAME EK!?

&#x200B;

(forgot to mention, this wasn't our regular principal. from grades 1-6 we had the same principal. But that year, he was REALLY SICK, so we got the high school vice principal. so he didn't know our history)

&#x200B;

Me: I'm not, you can probably check the cameras. or you can ask the people in the class. heck, look at my arm.

&#x200B;

DP: NO NEED, YOU GET DETENTION FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK!

&#x200B;

Me: WHAT!

&#x200B;

DP: DON'T YOU RAISE YOUR VOICE AT ME MISS.

&#x200B;

we spent about an half an hour arguing. I was trying to be reasonable and say call 2 people from that class. but nope. school was about to end and he told me to go get my stuff and wait in the office until school ends. I left school crying. I called my mom when I got home. SHE WAS LIVID. She told me to take a picture of my arm. I sended it to her and she texted and called her police friend. He said we should go down to the police Dept. and file a report. Which we did (obviously). The detective said we could file a report, but the school would need to produce the pictures to make a report. But the didn't. DP said it was "ScHoOl PrOpErTy". So my mom did the only reasonable thing, she called his boss. My mom and the Superintendent had a long and *reasonable* conversation. SI was furious at DP that she threatened to fire him if he didn't give us the pictures. 

&#x200B;

Not 2 hours later did he send my mom the pictures, as well as a emailed her a picture of a written apology. We went to the detective after that, and he said that we should go to court to actually make an impact. At first I was nervous because I thought it was going to be like Law and Order. But I was wrong, it was just a family court, no jury, no lawyers, just us, the EM family, the judge and the bailiff. The judge asked both me and EK our sides of the story. I said the truth word for word. But EK however...

&#x200B;

EK: OP had me i-in (yes, he actually stuttered) a choke hold. So of course there would be teeth "impressions"

&#x200B;

Yeah, he said that i had him in a choke hold. I have trouble lifting a full bag of dog food and hes like half a foot taller than me. The bailiff gave the Judge the pictures and immediately he knew EK was full of s#!t.

&#x200B;

J (and I quote, hand to god): At no point, EVER, are you allowed to sink your teeth, in another person's flesh.

&#x200B;

I tried to hold in laughter as we left. after that, we then went to a waffle house. You thought that it was over? HA! Nope! Guess who showed up at the waffle house, EM, EK, and CD. EM grabbed my shoulder and turned me around to face her.

&#x200B;

EM: SO, Whats going to happen, you're going to go back to that judge, and tell him you lied!

&#x200B;

EK: yeah sl@t!

&#x200B;

CD is desperately trying to calm down EM. Till the point where a cop came inside. FTM,  the waffle house is right next to the court house. So there were cops all around the place. 

&#x200B;

PO: Ma'am, please get your hands off the kid

&#x200B;

EM: NO! she lied to a judge. And now my poor baby is going to jail (he only said to keep a distance away from me and is going to tell the school to never put us in the same class)

&#x200B;

PO: Either way, there's nothing you can do about it by dragging her to the judge. Now, please let go, or I'll have to arrest you for assault.

&#x200B;

CD:  EM, Let's go! NOW! 

&#x200B;

EM: FiNe!

&#x200B;

EM and EK go back to their car.

  
CD: I am Terribly sorry for their actions. OP, are you ok?

&#x200B;

Me: Yeah, i'm more sorry for you.

&#x200B;

CD: Yeah, I kinda knew EK was full of s#!t. But, I can't really ground him or I'll get an ear full from EM. But rest assured, if EK does anything stupid, let me know.

&#x200B;

MM: Will do, thank you

&#x200B;

He left and we went back home after breakfast. The next school year EK was no where to be found. Apparently EM didn't want EK in the same school with a "lying sl@t" so, I never have to see him again.

&#x200B;


TLDR: EK bites me and says I bit myself. School did nothing so we went to court. He then switched schools.


EDIT: 3k likes, thankyou guys so much. You can expect more posts in the future.

EDIT 2: in case you are wondering, DP got moved to another school district. Unfortunately for him, my mother knows the superintendent at that school district, we told her what he did, and I she said " I will personally make his life, *HELL* " so yeah.

Edit 3: thankyou person who gave me silver, this was my first post, and you gave me the inspiration to write more. All of you have a good day/nLast week my little brother needed to get his vaccinations for some disease whos name i forgot. Because my parents were unavailable i was the one who had to take him. Where i live we get those kinds of vaccines at the hospital. So i was sitting in the waiting room with my brother.

Also, this will be important later but the entitle moms kid is visibly sick.


Cast:
Me - Take a guess
Karen - Entitled mom
Karens kid
My brother


I came in with my brother and Karen and her kid were already sitting down. Im kinda anti social so i sat a couple of seats away from her. But of course Karen HAS to come and talk to me.A



Karen (has the most judgmental look ever on her face): How old are you?

Me: 15

Karen: Arent you a little young to have kids

Me: Thats not my kid, he's --

That bitch cut me off in the middle of my sentence

Karen: Shut up of course hes your kid i can tell by the similarities 

Me: No that because hes --

Karen: Stop trying to defend yourself its obvious your a slut *rolls eyes*

Karens kid: Thats a bad word

Me: Maybe, but at least i know how to raise my *brother* properly

Karen looks shook for a second and i thought that was the end of it but of course she needs to keep this shit going

Karen: If hes your brother then where are your parents

Me: Busy

Karen: Liar

Me: Okay, can you shut the fuck up now please

Karen: Who's swearing now? Bitch

Me: *rolls eyes*

Karen: *sighs* kids these days...


We get called in by the docotor for the vaccine.
And when we get out Karen is still waiting and can see the little plaster on my brothers arm and instantly has to input her dumbass antivaxx opinion.


Karen: Vaccines cause autism. Maybe your not that good at raising your kid afterall.

Me: For the last time hes my brother. shut up

Karens kid: * coughs* 

Me: Maybe you should have vaccinated your kid because she looks hella sick


Karen is FINALLY silent and I get the fuck outta that place/nFeel free to delete if it doesn’t fit this category. This is just sad and disgusting.

[Smh](https://www.google.com/amp/s/fox13now.com/2019/05/07/logan-man-dies-from-beating-after-being-accused-of-sexual-assault-on-a-cvtd-bus/amp/)

Edit 3- For the people who can’t read it due to location restrictions, what happened is: A girl was on the bus/subway and walked past a man. Nothing happened between them. She then sat down and called her brother telling him the man raped her. The older brother then came and beat the man and caused him to hit his head falling off a sidewalk. He then died at a hospital later.  There was a video recording on the cctv security camera that recorded the man and girl  walking past each other with no interaction what so ever.

Feel free to skip and click away but here’s my opinion- The brother wasn’t completely in the wrong, he should still get minimum 30 years for killing the man but he responded to him believing his sister actually gotten
Edit 1- I never imagined such a hilarious audience would come to this post. This is what I wanted to see when I first came to this subreddit, but most of the time it’s fake stories about parents getting their ways. Upvoting every single one of you, you guys are hilarious

Edit 2- I did not expect to get this many upvotes, i apologize for trying to self promote but if it’s too much trouble- could you guys check out my starting YouTube channel it’s [Dalla Style](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXQYZOWzTU7dCEnEmAfR88A) . Thank you so much for the upvotes I appreciate every one of you/nSo, let's get into it

Just a quick backstory: I have something wrong with me. I never really got a name for it yet from my doctor, but basically my metabolism is super high+I was extremely underweight at the time and I pass out if I do not eat very often (every 1-2 hours) Because of this, I talked with my Band Director about bringing snack to tournaments (he normally doesn't allow this because he believes in supporting the schools hosting them) and I was allowed to take a couple. Keep in mind, I am a senior now, but this story takes place my sophomore year so I wasn't very confrontational 

So, our story begins where most school stories (not really) begin, the bus. The particular tournament we were traveling to was about an hour away, so by the end of the ride I could my snack, to which many kids halfway complained I could eat but it was mostly just jokes. We change, get off the bus, and I gather with the guard (my section) all while eating my trail mix. I didn't expect the BD to tell the parents, so I wasn't surprised when I had a mom on me

EP: OP, you aren't supposed to be eating, especially in costume!

Me: Oh, I know ma'am- but Mr. BD gave me permission because of my health

EP: Do you have a note on you?

Me: No, but yo-

EP: Then you can't eat that. 

She snatches the trail mix out of my hands and I'm a HUGE crybaby so I tear up because I'm the goody-two-shoes kid who doesn't like to get in trouble (which is why I'm now captain lmao). But I get over it since I have extra snacks anyway

However, I notice something fishy about 20 minutes into our warmup. See, Ms. EP here is a guard mom, and her kid happens to be my good friend. So after we finish stretching we get a water break and EP goes to talk to my friend, and notice she gives her my trail mix. I'm mad, because I could at least understand her taking the food away, but giving it to her kid? It's hypocritical. Now my friend knows about my health issue and knows that I love that particular kind of trail mix. So the conversation goes as follows.

Friend: OP, are these yours? Mom said she found it and figured she'd give it to me.

Me: Yeah, no- she took them away. But it's fine, I had extra-

Friend: What?! No, it's not fine, you could have got hurt- (she had witnessed my first passing out, where I had gotten a pretty bad bump on the head) 

Me: I mean, she was pretty rude.. she took them right out my hand before I could explain.

Friend: don't you worry about it, I'll tell her

Long story short, she tells her, EP doesn't apologize and was still generally rude, and then second semester got mad at our instructor because he wanted to spend time with his boyfriend when he wasn't responsible for us. I still got my snacks though, and am genrally pretty healthy now. That year was crazy. I have another entitled grandma story from that year but that is a story for another day (unless y'all want it in the comments or something)

Edit: Grandma story is up!/nBackstory: I have a cute cat named Gizmo  and he has never harmed anyone.
And back when this story happened he was still like 2 years old so he was scared meeting new people.Also don’t worry he’s still living with me.

M-Me(13 years old at the time)
G-Gizmo(My cat)(2 years old at the time)
EM-Entitled Mom
EB-Entitled Brat(8 or 9 years old at the time)

So M and G like to go on walks through public parks. Whenever we go to ANY park there’s always some kids that want to pet G. I always let them but only if they are careful and don’t hurt him. And also their parents like to take a photo with the cat( don’t ask why I’m confused as you are). But anyway,It was a summer day, M and G go for a walk as usual and as always kids walk up to M and yougetthepoint. But then a wild challenger approaches... the legendary pokèmon of all the Pokémons...EB AND EM. At first I thought it was just a normal kid. EB comes up to me and asked me if he can pet G. I say yes. But then I noticed that G is scared and doesn’t want to go near EB nor EM. But I just ignored it and I thought that he was just a little bit more scared than usual.EM walks up to me and asks me questions like,,How old is he’’, ,,Is he friendly”, ,,What breed is he” etc.
But not even 2 minutes later I feel a sharp pull from G leash. I turn around and noticed that the EB started to violently pet G. By Violent petting I mean pulling his head back, pulling his tail, ,,Petting” him so fast and so on. And I noticed that he was scared and he wanted to be somewhere safe. And so I tell EM that ,,I think I should head home now because he’s not happy now”. And so I started to head to the exit. On my way back there was one family that wanted the usual drug from M and G. And since it was the only family nearby I gave them the drug they wanted AND also let them take a picture with G. After they left I noticed that EM and EB were behind me silently judging me. EM walks up to me and we had this conversation:

EM:Why did you let them pet your cat and not my kid

M:I’m sorry but they were the last family I saw and so I thought I would be a nice guy and let them pet my cat

EM: So can we pet him now???

M:I’m sorry but no.

EM:Why?

M:Because I have places to go and besides your kid was hurting my cat

EM: And so I told him he could do whatever he wanted to do with him as soon as he got your permission 

M:Well sorry to disappoint you but I’m not letting your kid go pet him

As soon as I say that I see EB RUNNING TOWARDS MY CAT AND HUGING HIM. I push him away and then EM starts screaming at me as I did something illegal or I hurt her child.(I gently pushed EB). Then she tries to take G’s collar from his neck and take him. She failed miserably and I told her that If I see her ever again and her Mud trying to do something to my cat I will call the police and report animal abuse. EM then says:,,But this isn’t your cat, you didn’t buy him (which is technically true BUT I rescued him from an abusive family when he was born)”

I then proceed to explain that he’s a rescue and that he is in papers my cat.

Then EM says the most awesome thing I have ever heard in my live. She says:,, It’s a public park so this is also ours cat” I bursted out laughing at her. And left. But before I left I said this:

,,One day you and your sonofabich will be famous on Reddit, One day”.

The face she had was priceless and funny thing is that it turns out that she and her kid have been to the police stating:,, A 13yo has stolen our cat”.Police caught me next day on a walk with G and asked my Why I stole ,,EM’s cat”. And I told him the whole story. Officer just chuckled and said that I don’t have to worry about their false reports on me. EM after hearing this had this disappointing look on her face AND was given a fine for 1450$ for false report AND animal abuse. I was happy for the rest of the day.

Some say she still ,,owns everything that the park touches”.
/nThis happened a few months ago.
Tldr at bottom

I went down to the sainsburys local on my bike, locked it to the bike rails, and went in to get myself some lunch. I came out with a pasta pot. I sat opposite my bike and ate it. As im eating it, i see a boy who looks around my age (16) point at my bike as he walked past with his mum. I think nothing of it and carry on eating.

About 2 minutes later they come back out. The mother walks up to my bike, grabs the handlebars, and tries to walk off with it. This failed because it has a bike chain on it. The follow conversation is had.

EM = entitled mother

Son = the mute that could've prevented this whole thing

Me = electric boogaloo

Me: what do you think you're doing?

EM: grabbing my sons bike

ME: thats my bike

EM: no its not!

ME: well, it is because its chained up, if it is your sons surely you can unlock the chain?

The EM had no way to actually unlock the chain because she didnt have the key, her son just stood behind her with his hand covering his eyes.

EM: I can unlock it actually!

She then begins to pretend to look for the key in her bag. While she's doing this, i take the key out of my pocket.

EM (hasnt noticed i got the key out): i know its in here somewhere! But where is it?

Me: *unlocks bike chain*

This bitch heard me unlock it and grabs my bike.

EM: stop trying to steal (sons) bike

The sons finally decides to chime in with

Son: mum, just stop

EM: but its your bike honey

She winked at son

Me: i had the key to the chain, i have been sat here for about 5 minutes now, and i saw you park up and walk in after i began eating.

Son (to me): sorry mate

EM: nothing to be sorry about, this bastard is trying to take your bike

Me (getting very annoyed now): can you just fuck off please? This is MY bike and you arent getting it for love nor money, now sod off.

EM: How dare yo-

Me: actually just shut up

I get on my bike and EM tries to tilt the handlebars so i fall off but son stops her

Me (to son): sort your mum out mate

I rode away as she started shouting and scream and son just stared at me. 

I would be lying if i said i wasnt thinking about this sub throughout the whole thing. 

Nothing interesting really


TL:DR: EM tries to take my bike, realises she doent have the key for the chain, i unlock it and ride away while she shouts at me./nJust a short story about something that happened yesterday. I apologise in advance for grammar,phrasing and spelling Mistakes.

In this story we have:

-EM aka Karen or Susan as entitled Mother

-EC as entitled Child, even though he wasn't so bad.

-C, my Cousin

And ME: A pissed saltshaker with legs


I went shopping with my Cousin and we decided to grab some Ice cream. It was pretty sunny yesterday, so we decided to sit outside of the shop. I was sitting there, waiting for our Ice, when EC approached me.

EC: "What is that in your Mouth?"

ME: "It's a brace, I need it to make my theeth even."

EC: "Can I wear it?"

ME: "No sorry, it's to big for you and it would be gross if you wear it, because it was in my mouth before."

He then walked away, and my Cousin asked me what he wanted. I told her, and we laughed a bit about it. Then our order arrived and I took my brace out of my mouth and put it in it's box.

The Child approached me again, and said something like "It's not in your mouth anymore, can I wear it now?" And grabbed the box. 
My Cousin was like "okay wtf" and took it away from him. EM saw this, and approached us, with the "I want to talk to the manager"-stare and I knew that this was not gonna be a friendly conversation.

EM: "Why did you take this from my Child?"

C: "It's her brace, she needs it."

ME: "Yes, it's fairly expensive, I can't just give it to your child, taking the risk to lose or deform it"

EM: "Well, you're not wearing it now. Just give it to him, he won't damage it."

ME" Ma'am, it's literally coated in my saliva, are you sure you want your child to have it?"

She then gave me a disgusted look and grabbed her child while walking away. My Cousin and I gave each other a "wtf was that" look and decided not to talk about it.

Like, I understand if you want a phone or a Nintendo Switch for your child, but a brace? o.O
Some people are just beyond crazy.




TL;DR: Entitled Mother tries to steal my switch, Xbox, Nintendo DS, service dog, girlfriend, house and soul, but I flip her off and she gets arrested. Then everybody clapped. /nbackground info:
so it was mainly the EM but there was a girl driving who looked like her first time, anyways me and my boyfriends car broke down so we called the shop and ended up walking to our apartment, about a 2 mile walk from where we were. as we were walking up the neighborhood beside ours the following happened

EM: nah its the wicked witch of the west
ME: yours truly
BF: boyfriend
NG: nice girl

ME: *talking about some game, i think RDR2*

BF: hey cross the street right here, i need to tie my shoe

ME: ok, *i look at the road and begin crossing*

as im in the middle of the road a car going easily 30 miles over to speed limit comes flying over the hill, i tried to run as they start slowing down but it still hit me, luckily i flew over the hood and not under the car

ME: FUCK! *holding my wrist as the it was becoming numb*

EM: SHIT! GO NG!

BF: *throws shoe at the windshield cracking it*

EM: STAY ROGHT HERE!

NG didnt listen and opened the car door and ran to me

NG: OMG! are you okay?! 

ME: i think i broke my wrist

NG: im so sorry! my mom kept pushing my leg yelling at me go faster

i began to look at in the sky i scraped my knee and hit my hit both of which were bleeding so i also got a minor concussion, i heard screaming and looked over at my bf as NG was calling an ambulance 

EM: YOU BROKE MY WINDSHIELD! 

BF: YOU HIT MY BOYFRIEND!

EM: YOU’RE GOING TO PAY FOR THIS!

BF: NO IM NOT, YOU SHOULD PAY FOR HIS HOSPITAL BILLS

EM: SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LOOK AT THIS CRACK!

BF: YOU FUCKING HIT MY BOYFRIEND

EM: DOES IT LOOK LIKE I CARE? 

NG: i’m so sorry, she always acts like this *begins to sob*

EM: PAY FOR MY CAR!

BF: PAY OUR HOSPITAL BILLS

they go on like this until the ambulance comes about 5 minutes later, my boyfriend told me the cops came when they heard the screaming and the cops ruled that she would pay for her car and my hospital bills. i’m happy to hear, i just got out of the hospital as this happened a week ago, i got a nice purple cast :) but i also cant get the blood stains out of my jeans or my jacket :(

also i dont really think this was an EP story but i didnt know where else to put it. 

edit: i got the blood out :) /nThis happened yesterday, and I'm still pissed about it. TL;DR at the end.

Background: My friends, my brother and I had the great idea of making a band just for shits and giggles. The talent show came up and not a lot of kids were entering, so it was practically first come first serve for anyone who wanted to come in. You could practically make fart noises into the mic and you would get in. So we were like "Lets just do this for fun and not try too hard." It consisted of 5 people.

Me at vocals,

This really nice girl who was kick-ass at drums, she was on the school band team,

My other friend at the electric guitar (he was going to do the electric guitar solo),

My brother on the acoustic guitar, 

And the last friend who did the electric piano. 

The entitled mom in this is apparently the superintendent's secretary or something, I don't know.

Characters in this wild anime:

B: Brother

ELG: Electric Guitar Guy

EK: Entitled Mother's Kid (but she's actually really kind)

EM: Entitled Mother

You can guess what ME stands for... me.

Anyways, we were the last people to play before the talent show ended, so you could say the talent show went out with a bang. The first one was KG and her friends doing some ballet thing, it was impressive. Enter EM. The school had a specific rule as to no loud noises so the kids didn't get distracted from their acts. EM was massive. Like, easily 250+. Anyways, she's being really loud and cheering for her daughter.

 After KG's act was done, a couple of other acts went though like a boy telling jokes that fell flat and a girl singing, and some others. During all of this, EM was shouting not the nicest things to the kids who were trying to perform. She was saying stuff like "You suck!" and "Get off the stage!". It was pretty hard not to be distracted by Lardex, Destroyer of Buffets (EM).

Anyways, our turn is up and we set up the electric guitar and the drums. Our plans were to play the acoustic version of "Send Me A Sign" by Gamma Ray. So we start off, and everything is going well. Acoustic guitar friend is doing well, the drum girl was being kick-ass as always, and I was getting the lyrics and pitch right. So far, so good. 

Then, Planet Ham of the McDonald's Galaxy starts yelling at us that our song is bad, and all that stuff. It's hard to decipher what she was saying over the sound of the instruments but some of the parents in the audience were looking visibly uncomfortable.

We finish our song, and ELG shredded the guitar like he was playing Guitar Hero. After every act is complete, my school has a voting system on who should be the winner and the placements. After like 20 minutes, the votes are in and a teacher reads the placements. Third was the singing girl I mentioned before. Second was EK and her group, and first was me, my brother, and my friends. We were excited that we won, especially since we did it for fun and it we didn't take it super serious. We got these plastic little trophies as an award.  Here's the dialogue portion of this, from what I remember.

EK: "Nice job on winning! You really rocked out there!"

Me: "Yeah thanks, it was fun and you did a really good job too!"

Ham Galaxy waddles up to us and something like this happened:

EM: "Your act sucked, and my daughter should have won instead of your sh\*\*\*y band!"

Me: "Woah, slow your ro-"

EM: "Don't tell me what to do! I know you cheated to win!"

ELG: "Miss, we won fair and square and to be honest, your daughter did really well out there."

EM: "I know she did well, but she should have won! I'm calling the principal for cheating, you c\*\*\*s!"

B steps in front of her, and B is a solid 6'1, varsity football lineman (he's a senior and we're only sophomores)

B: "Excuse me, what did you just call my brother and his friends?"

EM: "You and your 'band' are cheating little bastards!"

At this time, KG is really flustered. Like, her face is more red than Mars.

EM, with her sausage fingers and the force of a Boeing 747, hits my hand and the plastic trophy hits the floor and splits in half.

Me: "Excuse my language, but what the f\*\*k is your deal?"

EM: "I'm calling the principal for your bad language!"

The walking heart attack trudges out the door.

I went back to my house, and my legend of a mom managed to superglue the trophy together, and it looked almost good as new. It's been one school day and I haven't been called to the principal's yet. I do have some more entitled parent stories, I may post them soon.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Entitled mother gets angry that her daughter didn't win at the talent show and breaks my trophy.

&#x200B;/nSo today I was just riding my bike down to the local grocery store
and it was raining but sun was still out so there was a rainbow

Im just riding past these 2 mums and I hear one of them say: "Why the fuck does the goverment want our kids to become gay by making these rainbows in the sky!"

Yeah... Weirdest one yet for me

edit: I went away for some time after posting this and holy cow! Also I do now realize that this doesn`t fit into this subreddit that well so if anyone knows a better one where to post this would be great!/nA woman came up to me as I was waiting for friends outside the grocery store bus stop. She asked me to please hold her dog since it was an excitable puppy and she needed to get her car over to pick it up. I was confused but because I like to think I'm helpful I agreed and held the leash. As the woman booked it to her car and began heading over with it, ANOTHER woman started running up, crying and extremely distressed. She said it was her dog Birder and the dog reacted with happiness and excitement to see her and she knelt to hug him. I knew immediately this was her dog even before she took out her phone to show me many, many pictures of her and this same dog. 

The woman in the car pulled up slowly and rolled down the window.

(The following conversations are paraphrased.)

"That woman isn't allowed near my son's dog anymore because she's unwell and keeps trying to steal him." There was a younger boy in the back of the car yelling "MY DOG I WANT MY DOG I WANT MY DOG YOU SAID"

"She has picture evidence that this is obviously her dog." I explained. 

"This woman is unwell. THAT is OUR dog, Patch."

The woman hugging the dog then proceed to flip the collar inside out. Written in permanent marker was BIRDER. I told the woman in the car the dog was named Birder and was not hers. She angrily said she'd offered money for the dog many, many times more than it was worth and that the woman was "greedy" for keeping the dog.

I told the woman she could walk with me if she wanted and we headed away for a while as the mother finally drove off because she couldn't drive to the places we walked.

It was fucking surreal. I did not take pictures but the dog is a black and white peppered border collie./nEnglish is my 27th language, this is written on a Telegraph Stutter, and I’m 7 barrels down on some Whiskey. Any more excuses for bad grammar?

Everyone is talking about how you shouldn’t bring your bitch of a child to Endgame, and one of my buddies reminded me that we had a Girthy Karen in our theatre when we went to watch Infinity War. There might be spoilers, but at this point it’s on you for not watching the movie.

ED: Entitled Dickhead

EK: Entitled Dickhead’s Spawn

Me/OP: Carl Sagan

F: Lord and Savior (friend)

MTS: Movie Theatre Staff

MTM: Movie Theatre Manager

Gs: Anyone else who was in the theatre

We open the curtains on one night in May. It was a Sunday night showing at Star Cinema Grill (the place you can watch movies and eat real food) and everyone in the theatre was excited for the film. Me and F got our seats near the middle of the theatre and started ordering a pizza and burger to eat.

Right as the room gets dark, enters ED and EK. The ED plops down next to F and his spawn starts running around like a maniac. We kinda ignore the little girl but sometimes it was hard.

At the point of when Iron Man chases Spider-Man into space, the MTS brings us our pizza. ED stops the staff real quick.

ED: Actually, that’s my pizza.

MTS: You ordered the large pepperoni pizza?

We never saw him press the button, and it was us who did order it.

F: Check the ticket on it. It’s ours.

ED: No, I said it’s mine! You kids don’t need pizza.

Keep in mind that I was 18 at the time and F was 19, so we’re legal adults.

MTS: Sir, this ticket says it’s for OP and F. If you’d like, I can check the status of-

ED: No, I said that’s my pizza and I won’t take no for an answer.

I was amazed how stubborn this father was, but we really didn’t want to deal with it. I pull the MTS over so ED couldn’t hear us.

OP: If he wants the pizza, then just charge him for a pizza, then bring us a new one. We don’t mind.

The MTS scoots back to the ED in the row.

MTS: Sir, these two boys have offered to give you their pizza-

ED: Good. About time they listen to their elders.

MTS: I don’t care, but we will add this to your bill.

The ED gives him a look of anger.

ED: You will not! I already paid for this movie! You cannot charge me for what is already owed to me!

G: Shhh!

ED: Shut up, this is a movie!

Yeah, he’s dumb.

Eventually it gets sorted out and the ED keeps the pizza, while we get a new one made. At one point, while Thor is talking to the Guardians, the EK is next to me watching me eat my food.

EK: I want a bite!

Me: Go ask your dad for some food.

I didn’t scream or anything, I just calmly said this. But the EK starts BAWLING like a maniac, and ED looks over to see me and his daughter on the floor.

ED: QUIT RAPING MY DAUGHTER!

OP and F: What!?

The MTM walks into the theatre with our pizza as ED is trying to attack me while F is holding him off.

MTM: What is happening here!?

ED: THESE PUNKS RAPED AND ASSAULTED MY DAUGHTER AND NOW I’M GONNA KILL THEM!

F was on the high school weightlifting team or something like that, so he could move weight easily. EK is on the floor crying, talking about how mean I was, everyone in the theatre is complaining how they can’t see the movie because Thanos 2.0 is being a dick, nothing was going to plan.

The staff had to stop the movie and turn on the lights, while F and MTM are trying to calm this fucking ED down. The MTS from before runs into the theatre while making a call. I didn’t know it at the time, but he’s calling the police.

ED: QUIT DEFENDING THIS RAPIST AND LET ME KILL HIM!

F: NOBODY DID ANYTHING TO YOUR DAUGHTER! GET THE FUCK OUT OF HERE YOU CRAZY OLD MAN!!

F got so worked up, he actually shoved the man out of the row and into the aisle, and almost on top of the MTM who was trying to pull the ED off of him.

Every G in this entire movie is yelling at me and the ED, for both being a rapist and interrupting the movie. The staff and manager try to evacuate the room so no guests don’t get hurt, and honestly I don’t blame them. This ED is fucking insane.

Police finally show up and detain the ED as he is the most violent one, then Me and F. The MTM leads one of the officers over to the security room where they have cameras, and confirm with F and some Gs that EK was not raped at all. Once they figured out that ED was the one to blame, they released F and I, and dragged out the crazy father. He was screaming things like how they’re wrong or the footage was fake or some other bullshit. Point is, he’s gone now.

After everything was sorted out, the staff gave everyone a free movie coupon (I don’t remember what it was exactly) then restarted the movie.

I would say it’s now over, but this story gets better after the movie ends. Since this is already long enough, I’ll make a part 2 later on if y’all want.

TL;DR: shame on you.

Edit: I forgot to mention, even though F knocked down the ED and used force to keep him down, the officers reviewed the footage and statements, then claimed it as “Justified Self-Defense” so he was good to go.

Edit 2: A lot of you are yelling at me for spoiling Endgame or something like that. This was for Infinity War. Not Endgame

Edit 3: [Part 2 is here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bfiv1d/part_2_ek_brings_the_mother_in_on_the_action/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/n*BEFORE YOU CALL ME A KARMA WHORE, I REPOSED THIS STORY WITH THE UPDATE ONLY SO THAT PEOPLE CAN SEE IT, I NEVER THOUGHT OF IT AS A 
WAY TO GET MORE KARMA* 

This is a very short story  posted on r/entitledparents and I’m on a iPhone. Let’s start of with the story if you havent seen it already.  

So I was in the 5th grade and my school was a ROBLOX school (roblox was hyped around) , now one day I was playing ROBLOX when I recieved a friend request from someone who’s username was MY FIRST AND LAST NAME now my username was ItsXinnonplays (follow me if you’d like), there’s not much about me on the internet (personal stuff) so to find my last name and other personal information besides my name would be really hard. So I thought it could be one of my friends. So I asked them about it and they denied at felt a bit concerned but EK (Entitled kid or “J”) Denied it looking really suspicious, later that day my mom picked me up and we were walking home when we say J and his mom and the following conversation was something like this.

J:Hey mom! That’s the kid who accused me of making a ROBLOX account with his first and last name!

Me and my mom exchanged looks that mean oh god here we go again

Me: I didn’t accus—-

EM: HOW DARE YOU ACCUSED MY PRECIOUS DARLING OF DOING THAT! I’LL HAVE YOU KNOW THAT MY CHILD UNDERhSTANDS INTERNET SAFTEY AND WOULD’NT SHARE ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OF HIS FRIENDS OF FAMILY ONLINE.

Me: As I was saying before you cut me of I didn’t accuse him, I aske—-

EM: WHY WOULD YOU THINK IT WAS MY PRECIOUS CHILD?

J: *Smirking*

Me: I asked him about it.

J: Mommy! He screamed at me and said it was me! 

 Me: I did no—

My mom pulls me and walks away and tells me not to argue with Entitled idiots. I take that advice to heart now.

Update: So I emailed ROBLOX about the whole thing and they responded with the dumbest thing ever. They were like someone could of have the same name as you, 1 That’s very unlikely as my name starts with a X (Not Xavier or whatever that name is) 2 It’s against ROBLOX policy to use your first and last name. And the person also used broken English [Emails ](https://imgur.com/a/KpEGuFL)/nThis happened a while back.

Although an adult now my Gf still loves to watch Disney movies so when Frozen first came out we made plans to watch it at the movies and everytime we do go to the theater she always made sure we went early to get the best seats. 

We were about 40 minutes early and had to wait another 10 minutes for them to finish cleaning the room so my Gf went to the bathroom while I went to check out the arcade area. There were two families there and a few random kids. I saw one of the moms (EM) demanding a kid to get off a game because it was her kids (EK) turn.

I thought maybe both of them were her's and she was teaching them to share. Nope, the other kid who got kicked off just stood there waiting while the EK kept on playing. EM was busy talking to the other family she came together with.

I felt a little pissed off for the unfortunate kid but thought I didn't really have a say in the matter. 

Gf comes out, we grabbed drinks and head to the room. We were the first ones there like usual and always sat close to the center of the room. I told my gf about what I saw while we waited. 

People started coming in almost non stop. I took a look around and noticed most of the seats was filled up. Everyone got situated and was waiting for the movie to start. 

Then at the corner of my eye I see EM and the other family walking in. I tapped my Gf to show her who I was talking about earlier. We both started at them as they walked up the stair aisle. Then I saw EK point towards our direction and said he wanted to sit there. I thought surely he was pointing at the row above us because our row was pretty packed but nope.

EM marched right towards our row and started telling people to slide towards the edge so her group could sit in the middle, people actually started moving then EM got to us. 

EM - Hey, we need those seats.

GF - Uh... what do mean?

EM points to other family.

EM - We came together as a group so we want to sit together. Can you guys go find other seats, I mean there's only two of you. 

I stood up and looked around. There were some empty seats but they were the crappy ones and we did not come this early just to sit in one of them. So I spotted a row almost completely empty at the very bottom ( the ones no one wants to sit at.)

Me - if you guys want to sit together there's a row down there that is almost empty.

EM takes a look at where I was pointing.

EM - Why would we sit there? It would be easier if the two of you move. Plus my kid wants to sit here or he'll start throwing tantrums.

Me - Mam we really dont want to move... I'm sorry.

At this point people around us is staring at her and the EM's friend notices it. They called out to her because they were still in the aisle and signaled that they were going to sit at the row I suggested. 

EM yells back, "No, just wait there." She looks at us and now she is pissed. 

EM - How old are guys? You dont look like kids to me. Why are you even in here?

Gf - To watch a movie?

EM - I know that you idiots, why are you watching a film made for kids? 

I was starting to get annoyed at this point.

Me - Look we're not moving so go try a different row.

The family calls out to her agian saying they were going to sit at the open row, again she tries to tell them to wait but they ignored her and went to sit down as the movie was now starting.

EM - You're a piece of shit you know that? A f*cking piece of shit. Go back to your country ( I'm Asian) you illegal kidnapping piece of shit etc...

People around us are all getting upset now and started telling her to watch her language so she decides to argue with everyone. Eventually she leaves to join her group while swearing at everyone in all her glory.

Btw, her kid did throw a tantrum but she ended up telling him to stfu. *Yikes*

Besides that horrible experience everything resumed normally, but honestly that ruined it for me... like I couldn't get it out of my head to really enjoy the film.

TL;DR - Entitled mom wants our seat, proceeds to become an enraged racist demon.


/nThis happened a few months back, and still gets giggles from my dad's side of the family to this day. 

Background: I'm single. Very single. For my mom's family this is a sin and seeing how/was I'm not engaged at 20, I will definitely die alone with no man to keep me warm on the night. (Honestly, I'd take a women to, or just about any human being with a pulse as long as they consent. Very fluid on my sexuality folks.) 

I was living with my dad, and all my other step\siblings were out at the fiancee's/stepmom house. My stepmom is a very sex positive person, and frankly, being a doctor it doesn't bother her that I *see outside services to fulfil my needs*. She only wishes that my dildos and vibes remain out of sight and clean in my area. Not a problem and as she says "it's not like they can make her pregnant or ask for money so it's not a big deal."

Love that women. 

To explain that day, my dad was gone. Stepmom was gone. And today was a special day. Dick soup day. With out going into much detail, sexual objects must be cleaned and the ones I had at the time were a grade that needed to be boiled. So as the pot starts boiling them bacteria off, I set up a drying station so I can rub them off with a special towel, that is used only for it. At this point in my life, I collected dildos. Did I use all of them? No. I was given some as novelty presents and those were never used but they got bathes just the same.

One such was 'Behomoth', or something like that. It was insanely thick and was sixteen inches in length. I don't know about you, but that thing was terrifying and awe-inspiring. I think it was two inches or something thick? Why was it out? The suction cup on it was amazing. Me and my cousin found out the hard way that it's nearly impossible to remove from surfaces. I had it out because we had gotten the bright idea from some of the comments in Amazon that we could use it to remove tiles from the walls of her bathroom. So that particular item was out and ready to be driven to the new bathroom and remove some tile by some white girl wasted cousins. 

My entitled aunt is in town, and my relationship being strained with my entitled biological uncle, o had no desire to go see them and their crotch goblins. I wanna boil my dildos and go get drunk and spend the night with my cousin. Responsibility as an adult. (PS. Getting drunk and doing household renovations is 10000% better intoxicated. Your tiles won't be straight but you'll have the time of your life.)


Tires squeal in the driveway and only one thought passes through my mind. "Cousin must have came by early with some test tiles." I don't even look up as the screen door slams, cause if it is my cousin she'll just giggle and laugh. 


Newsflash: it wasn't my cousin. Like a bat out of hell, screaming commences.

Em:WHAT IS GODS NAME IS THAT!

My aunt stands in the doorway, with her two crotch goblins who have now began to walk at the screaming. 

Me: I thought you were (insert cousins name)! Why didn't you tell me you were coming?

EM now has her hands over the oldest eyes, clutching her like she's going to fly away. The youngest has sat down on the floor, still kinda blubbering. 


Em: Get that out of here, drone! I thought maybe you would want to take some interest in crotch monster 1 and 2. God knows you need someone with a religious background to tell you what's right or wrong.



Half hazardly, I toss a bit of the towel over it. EM is  
Very religious, and to this day, I'm sure she hasn't experienced an orgasm at all, she must be to be so unhappy all the time. 

EM: No throw it away! God didn't make such unholy object and it shouldn't even be here. 

M: I gotta wash the-

EM: You use those unholy things! *Disolves into screaming, the baby is now panicking.*


M: Well, yah. I mean if you told me you were coming, I wouldn't hav--"

By this point I'm rolling up towels so she can't see. All the while she's ranting about how I should know better, and Satan's giving me perverse ideas. I'm tuned out. The oldest child has squirmed free of her mom's grip and while her mom is ranting at my dad's bachelor pad decor and my lack of womenly duty around the house and no husband will ever want a women who has unsullied herself in such perverse way. (i was a virgin and still am, at least my dildo doesn't force me to make dinner for it.) Her oldest child has wandered over to the stove, where in cleaning fashion, a lone pot bubbles with a lid on it.

You all see where this is going!

This little turd opens the pot, and as I hear the clank, I freeze. "Mommy what's in the pot?" My aunt rushes over to her, and slams the pot shut, screaming awful things how I'm going to hell, scoops up the youngest. 

"I KNEW YOU SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN FOSTER CARE, YOU LITTLE HEATHEN."

the kids are crying as she begans to shuttle them toward the door, and how she'll be calling the preacher and the police because I just commuter sexual assault of a minor and adult because they found my sinful lusts. I'm past the point of caring and just say before she leaves something along the lines of "at least they satisfied me more in a night that you've been in your entire marriage." She called my dad whose was a police officer for the local department and flat out told him that he was a heathen, and he needed to lock me up and arrest me before I endanger anymore kids. 


You can imagine how that went. He told her she should have knocked first, and to but out of how he raised his kids. 

Tl;Dr my aunt found my dildo collection, freaked out, and tried to press charges for sexual assault./n 

## 

For the record, this is NOT FAKE

Cast -

D - dad

EM - entitled mother

EK - entitled kid

Me - (take a guess)

So I am 15 years old and I had won my first badminton competition, it was the finals and I won against EK, by a lot. (21 - 7). At the award ceremony I get a trophy and a prize cheque of 500 usd. I was packing up my gear and I see EK and EM taking my trophy and my cheque away.

Me - Hey miss, I think that belongs to me

EM - No, they belong to my son.

Me - No, they belong to me, you saw in the award cermony.

EK - THEY BELONG TO ME YOU IDIOT.

Me - you got second place and you got your own trophy.

EM - Sorry but my son has done really well and I think he deserves it. (turns to leave)

I was astonished what EM has done, but I wasn't ending there. I turn to snatch the cheque and trophy

EM - WHAT ARE YOU DOING

Me - THESE ARE MINE AND YOU KNOW IT, SO FUCK OFF AND GO AWAY.

EK - NO THEY ARE MINE

Me and EK starts tugging the trophy and the cheque, the cheque gets ripped we stopped

EK and EM - WHAT HAVE YOU DONE, THAT WAS MINE

Me - NO THEY ARE MINE

Here comes the best bit, The crowd(public) starts looking at me and EK, not because of we making a large racket, but they had seen everything. My dad is the security and handles the CCTV, My dad sees What me and EK and EM done and made the camera face us and recorded it on the big tv that everyone at the competition can see. EK and EM realised what they done and made a bolt for it, I get my trophy back but it was a broken by EK and Em The host promised to get me another cheque and a replacement trophy.

I would never forget this, and me and my dad laugh about it now./nI AM ON MOBILE, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED

Some backstory:

Okay, so if anybody has seen my previous posts, they will know that I’m in the International Chemistry Olympiad (ICHO). In my country, to be able to represent, you have to go through 4 levels of training, in which you have to pass the previous one’s test before qualifying. So anyways, I qualified for level 2 about a year ago. So, shortly after, I got a call

EM: Hello? Is this muma10?

Me: yes, how can I help you?

EM: you know EK, right?

Me: yes, we’re good friends ((complete lie, we barely know each other from class))

EM: well sadly he didn’t qualify for level 2, and you did, and he worked so hard for it, so we were thinking if you could give up your place for him?

Me(flabbergasted): ma’am, I’m sorry, I don’t quite understand you want-

EM: you must be slow, all the more reason to give up your place. GIVE. UP. YOUR . PLACE. TO. EK!

Me: I frankly don’t care about you or your son. I worked hard for that place. I won’t be giving it up soon. 

EM: but you’re in 7th grade, aren’t you, and that’s a year early right? ( level 1 was open for 8th+9th grade, but I was a special case), EK is 9th grade, this is his last chance for chemistry, and you have two more chances, so give it UP! And know this, I’m related to the head of the course, I can kick you at with the snap of a finger(she literally said that, and what she was saying was bull poop, the head of the course isn’t even from the same country).


As for me, I love infuriating people, but hate confrontation, I was already panicking, not from her threats, but from the situation, so I smirked and said, “over my dead body you cow”, and blocked her. Then I called the course hotline to report her and her son, they said that a lot of people complained about her, and that they will deal with it. I hope that the kid was banned from entering the competition in any other field (there was math, general science, physics, biology, chemistry, and computer science).

Edit: FINE. Because many people have been complaining of the formatting, I fixed it

Edit2: since so many people are saying that the poor kid is innocent, I should reveal that he is a big di*k. He plays poker and shouts well into the night, he runs around the dorm halls at midnight, (for some reason the floors make loud noises when you stomp on them). Once, a fire alarm sounded at about 2 am, waking everybody up. The next day at break he bragged about how he set it off( bullsh*t. The administration did to test it. And since the kids were asleep, they couldn’t POSSIBLY wake up after hearing it, right?, but still)/nEm- entitled mother
SB- Shy boy (he wasn’t rude, it was just his mom, I feel bad for the guy)
Me- me :)
F- friend 


So the story stars off when I was waiting in a store near the changing rooms because I was with my friend and she was trying on clothing. I had my earbuds in my ears and I was sitting on a bench, scrolling through songs. A woman and her son were looking through clothes and her son walked over, he was around 8-9.

SB- “h-hi”

Me- looking up and smiling, “hello, do you need help with something?”

SB- “kinda. Where did you get those earbuds?” 

Me- “oh! I got them for Christmas, my parents say they got them from a mobile, or, phone store. I’m not sure which one.”

SB- “thank you!” 

He walked back over to his mom and I heard him say 

Sb- “mummy! Can I get the earbuds that nice lady has over there?”

The mom looked over and saw me and I gave her a smile before she walked over.

Em- “my son wants those earbuds”

I was shocked, I thought she was going to ask where I got them!

Me- “I’m sorry. This is the first pair of wireless earbuds I’ve ever had and I don’t want to give them up”

Sb- “that’s not what I me-“

Em- “Your a GIRL”

Me- “so are you”

Em is quiet for a moment, glaring at me.

Em- “I am a working woman! I make money and so will my son! You are just a lazy teenager who won’t do ANYTHING”

I was shocked, em reached out and plucked the earbuds from my ears, I was furious.

Me- “give those back!” 

I stood up and reached out, trying to grab her hand.

Sb- “mommy, can I try the earbuds?”

His mom gave him the sweetest smile and I was surprised, I thought he was on my side! He took the earbuds and handed them back to me and I grinned, giving him a nod of thanks.

Em- “GIVE THOSE BACK” 

This is when my friend left the dressing room, seeing this woman yelling at me. Em thought she just found someone she could trick.

Em- “oh young lady! This girl just stole my sons earbuds!”

My friend looked at her and gave me an amused smile, knowing I always got myself into trouble.

F- “I’m sorry ma’am. I know for a fact that these are hers. I’m her friend after all” 

Em’s smile dropped and she booked it for the exit, but she forgot about the stuff she had and she tripped the alarm, employees running after her.

I can happily say I never saw her again. /nA little background. I am a college teacher since 2011 and this goes all the way back to the first class I ever taught.

I taught one of five classes that some students needed to be able to graduate and mine was the last one they attended before graduation. Everyone was really nice (some students were even older than me so I was really scared) except for one student. He attended only 2 of 20 classes. He liked sitting in the front and question everything I said. Luckily I was able to give him the right answers, making everyone else respect me as their teacher. But not this student.

During the second class I was getting tired of him interrumpting everything I said, but one of his classmates shut him up by saying something along the lines of "shut up, you suck". At the end of the class he told me that he did not agree with the subject of the homework and that he was going to do something else to show me what he really wanted to learn. I told him that it was ok, since I wanted to see what he was talking about. That was his last class and didn't hear from him again.

Until 6 years later.

I received a call from the company where I worked back in 2011 telling me that a guy showed up in there and requested to see me. They told him I didn't work there anymore and gave him my number. They gave me his name and I did a search in my old documents and found his name. It was the student that dropped from the class. I thought he may be looking for a job or for a career advise (happens a lot with my students, they seem to think I have a lot of openings in my one-man company). So when I got a call from an unknown number I answer thinking it was my student. I was right and here is what I remember from the call:

$Student: today I went to college to finish my paperwork to get my diploma, but they told me I had failed your class so I need to take another one. But I passed your class. Can you talk with them to fix this?

$Me: I don't think so. That was 6 years ago and according to the rules nobody can't change grades after 1 week of submitting them. And also, I remember you. You dropped the class after two days.

$Student: no I didn't. I was there and I passed your exam. I remember it.

$Me: I didn't take an exam.

$Student:  I know, it was a project, I remember it now.

$Me: it was not a project.

$Student: I don't know. It has been 6 years.

$Me: listen, talk with the people in charge, I cant do anything.

$Student: Already did that! You are not helping me! I will tell my dad about this!!! *Hangs up*


About two days later I get a call from college about how this student was saying that I approved the changes. I told them that I didn't authorize anything and that I believed it was not my problem anymore, so they should fix it between the college and the student. They agreed and told me try and get all the paperwork I could about the class so they can have some information to back them up.

I sent them the attendence list where all students signed every class they attended and the document they sign when they take an exam.

I don't hear from them for about 5 days, until I get a call from another unknown number.

$Me: Hel-

$ED: you listen to me m@#$@$, you won't interfere with my son future. He is a brilliant young man and he doesn't have time for your b@#$@#$.

*Start recording*

$Me: who is this?

$ED: I'm $Student's father. And you better get your ass to *academic department* and fix his grade. He has been really stressed about this and I won't sit idle anymore. 

$Me: Talk with the guys in charge, I don't have time.

$ED: They won't help us. You have to change it. Do you know how much of $Student's time you are wasting? He needs his diploma NOW!.

$Me: he took the class 6 years ago and forgot about it. I don't think it really is that urgent. 

$ED: he was busy. 

$Me: I'm busy right now, bye.

They started calling me day and night. I sent the recording to the academic department and told me not to worry about it, they will use that to refuse any other requests from them.

But that was not the end of it.

Apparently they decided to look for me and all the places they knew I could be located:

1. College
2. My office
3. My house

Good thing for me is that I'm not longer in any of those places. I teach in another building, I have another office and I moved since then. So all their records were really outdated.

That didn't stop them. 

Seems like the son looked for me in all the classrooms he could, never finding me. 

The mother went to my old house and got yelled at by my old grumpy former neighbour because she was demanding my new address.

But the father got the best answer from my former colleagues. He harassed one of them (an older guy) and got his nose broken when he pulled my colleague's shirt by the neck when he didn't get an answer.

Never heard from them again. 

Edit: Thanks for my very first Silver :D

Edit 2: thank you Harry Potter fans. He didn't resemble Malfoy though. But he had the same haircut!/nThis weekend I took my kids to visit their grandparents.  After an overnight stay for hubs and I to visit, I left them there for the week.

Another relative (EP) has a wide span of kids - from adults with their own kids to a toddler.  She left the youngest in the care of the oldest to go out of town, who brought all the kids over to play.

EP also neglected to inform her babysitter that the youngest had a stomach virus until the poor kid had exposed us all to it.  He's not yet verbal so he couldn't tell us he had thrown up the night before.  Surprise!  He tossed his cookies on the floor.

Guess who just puked her guts out 20 minutes ago?  Me.  I called the grandparents to warn them that the toddler was contagious and it wasn't just a food disagreement.  Too late... One of my kids has already barfed and so has Grandpa.

Oh, the emergency the EP left town for?  To get a tattoo.

Thanks a lot EP!  People who do this stink.

Oh wow!  Thanks for the silver!/nSo, I spent the most recent weekend at my GF’s place. Nice weekend, yadada. Unfortunately, I don’t drive, so had had to take the bus back into the centre of my city, and then another over to mine. No biggie, I make this trip all the time, it’s about 1 hour 20 but I typically pass the time on my phone, playing Candy Crush or reading Reddit. 

Over Xmas, I decided to buy a Nintendo Switch. Lovely console, you know the rest. Whilst at my GF’s, we played some Mario Kart, and some Snipperclips. Her sister also has a Switch, so I asked if I could use the charging dock, to play on their flat screen. All was good, we played on the TV. 

I was sat on on the bus on my way home, 1st bus of the journey. I had a bit of an ‘oh fuck’ moment, where in I wondered if I’d picked up the right switch. I figured, I’d just check if it was my account logged in, and if I was right, I’d close it back down. Lo and behold, it’s my Switch. I figured that mini freak out was the end of my stresses. Enter Entitled Mom. 

I’m sat there, and I decide to play some Bomberman to pass the next 20 mins of my trip. EM is getting on the bus at this point. It’s a fairly empty bus, but they sit just behind me. As she passes, her kids light up like a fucking Christmas tree when she sees my Switch. I was just proud I had a cool thing, and went back to playing. 

A few minutes later, I hear the conversation behind me. “Mommy, I want to play”. “That man has a Nintendo, let me play”! I am lightly tapped on the shoulder, and EM, fairly politely says “Would it be ok if my daughter plays on your toy”? At this point, I’m a little wrapped up in the game, and I know I’m getting off soon, so I simply say “Sorry, but I’m jumping off the bus soon, so not today, maybe next time”. She huffs, and proceeded to tell her daughter “the greedy man child won’t share with you sweetie, he’s too selfish to share with you”. To nobody’s surprise, the brat starts bawling like a newborn. Mind you this child is 9-10ish, I figured she must be a problem child to be acting out like this. So I keep playing. 

About a minute or so passes, until I feel kicking on the back of my chair. I figure it’s the brat throwing a tantrum. I look over, and turns out EM is sat behind me. Slightly confused, I carry on. Not 30 Seconds passes before I feel it again. I whip my head around, and guess what, EM has her feet pressed hard against my chair. I thought about confronting her, but it didn’t exactly look comfortable the way she way scrunched up trying to kick me, so I thought fuck it, bitch can kick me all she wants, I’m getting off soon. 

I get off the bus, and head over to my next stop. Alls fine. I get on, pick a seat, and crack on with the Switch. What do you fucking know? EM and EK are on this bus too. Stupid kid eyes up my Switch and shouts loudly “it’s him again mommy, NINTENDO”! No surprise, they sit behind me again. I think to myself that this time I’ll just ignore the kicking. For about 5 minutes, the bloody child whines to her mom that she wants a Nintendo. I feel a slightly more agressive knock on my shoulder again. “Remember me”? Exclaims EM. I’m not the most patient person, so I say “oh yeah, you are the fully grown adult who kept kicking me on my last bus”. I grunt she makes is followed up by, “you’ve had your fun now, it’s time for EK to play”. I say, in the nicest way I can, “it’s mine, sorry, your daughter will have to get her own”. Wrong. Fucking. Move. 

Bitch starts telling me the normal shit, I’m a grown man, I shouldn’t play with toys, I’m upsetting her daughter, I’m a horrible person. I asked her “is this usually how you persuade people to cooperate, by insulting and harassing them”? She declines and starts rustling around. I decide ‘fuck this’ and move further back, and put the Switch back in my rucksack. 

Like clockwork, the kid is crying again. The mom is loudly exclaiming how horrible and selfish I am. The kid screams “I WANT IT”! EM wanders back and comes over to me. She shoves a $20 in my face. “Take it, my daughter wants it”. I just laugh. I tell the woman that I bought it for $350, unless she had that handy I wasn’t parting ways with it. 

She says “it’s 10 now, take it before I call the police”. I’m pretty confused at this point, so I grab my phone and start recording. She continues, with no acknowledgement of my phone “I’ll tell them you raped me, or you’ll give me the Nintendo”! I’ll admit, I’m a bit stunned. I look out the window and make a quick judgement. I’m about a 30 minute walk from my house. I say, “look ma’am, there’s a lot of Nintendo’s out there, are you sure your daughter wants this one”? She looks a little confused. I tell her I’ll check with her daughter, if this is the one she wants. I grab the 20, and take myself over to get daughter. She’s kind of just stood there flabbergasting, I think she genuinely thought she hustled me. I go and sit by EK. I start taking about Mario, seeing if that was what she wanted. I’m hoping to god that someone stops the bus soon. DING! The bell goes, the stop is coming. I wander back to the mother, who has a sly grin, saying to her “I think we have a deal, I just wanted to make really sure your EK wants this”. She just says “hurry up nerd” to which I reply “then hurry I shall”. In perfect timing the bus stops. I slowly walk over to the child, and whisper (sorry I say bad shit some times) “sorry fucktard” into her ear, before running off the bus. I run like I’ve never ran down the road, and watch as the bus leaves. I then ran home, locked and chained the door, feeling my heart race so fast, but so smug. 

I caught the buses for 2.30 and 4.10 each, but I made 20.00 for just putting up with a little shit. I don’t care how petty it is, EM’s can go fuck themselves. 

EDIT: So, some time has passed and the message boards have blown up and gone back down. The overwhelming response to this post was in fact “release the video”. I considered doing it on the day that I uploaded, but I was tired and thought it could wait another day. This, was fortunate, as I had a friend whom saw the post the day after. He immediately advised me (He studied Law at University) that releasing the video was a bad idea, as I could be held accountable for several debatable topics. Shortly after, I actually deleted the video, as I received several threats that someone would ‘hack’ me to gain access to the evidence. I’m sorry if this news disappoints people, but I did so in my own best interest. 

To anyone who enjoyed the retelling though, I’m glad. Though, I’d prefer to have not had the experience to begin with. /nIMPORTANT: So this is the exact same story as last time I posted but for some reason that got deleted so I’m gonna repost it as it did well.




So I was about 17 at the time (I’m 18 now) and I was dating this girl (I’ll call her Olivia for privacy) she came over for dinner one night as my mum really liked her and had known her since she was a baby. My mum also invited 2 of her friends for a mini party, me and Olivia had some Chinese before my mums friends came to our house. Once me and Olivia had finished our food we went upstairs to watch a film/movie. I heard the doorbell ring and listened as my mum opened the door and invited them in, I had known both of them since I was about 4 so I went downstairs to say hello and grab some peanuts from the table. I said hello and noticed that EP had brought her devil child with her, I smiled at him and said hello (he growled at me) and I grabbed the peanuts and went back up stairs into my room, we watched whatever it was that we were watching and I heard a knock on my bedroom door. “hello?” I asked and the door swung open and there he was, devil child. I asked him what he wanted and he asked if he could use my phone to play Fortnite I said no because my phone was charging and he ran downstairs crying but I didn’t give a shit because that child had ruined our holiday that summer but that’s a story for another time. So as the night went by, me and my girlfriend started to get “intimate” and blah blah blah, when we were suddenly interrupted by a fat woman kicking down my door, scaring the shit out of my girlfriend (bearing in mind we were both completely naked) the fat angry woman screamed “MY SON WANTED TO PLAY ON YOUR PHONE, IT HAS BEEN AN HOUR AND HE IS GETTING BORED!”. I replied with “what the fuck do you think you are doing, you can’t burst into my room like that, can you at least knock” big fat EP slammed my door and waddled down the stairs where I could hear her telling my mum that i was having sex and that I was being inappropriate. My mum came up stairs (by which time I was mostly dressed and Olivia had the covers over her) my mum came in and asked what had happened and I told her everything that EP said and did and my mum asked her to leave, I stayed upstairs when she asked her to leave but all I could hear was devil child crying.


So yeah, I was interrupted by a big hairy woman so her son could play on my phone, I haven’t seen them since and my Mum still brings it up to this day. I can laugh about it now but it did piss me off when my door was booted down whilst I was mid-sex.


Edit: I don’t play Fortnite it’s so my 6 year old step brother can play./nTLDR AT BOTTOM
So every year when the super bowl rolls around we have a big bet in the office. You can bet as much money as you want on either team. Usually the max was 50 dollars or 100 but Someone bet 1200 dollars and we tried to tell her it wasn’t the smartest bet but she wouldn’t listen. Super bowl rolls around and her team loses and the next day she  comes into the office with her 16 year old son who was in highschool. 

Em: Hey I’ve come to collect my 2400 dollars.

Coworker: Um your team lost, sorry.

EM: THAT WAS MY SONS COLLEGE FUNDS I DEMAND MY 2400

Coworker: Sorry I’ll call the guy who won and try to sort something out.

Coworker 2: Sup?

EM: May I please have the money back that I lost?

Coworker 2: No I spent that on down payment for a car and you lost.

EM: I NEED THAT MONEY SO MY SOM CAN GO TO COLLEGE: 

EC: JUST GIVE HER THE MONEY OR I CANT GO TO COLLEGE IVE BEEN WORKING Two years TO SAVE THAT UP! 

*security comes* 

Em: *says very bad stuff*



Tldr: Women bets 1200 in office and thinks she won and actually bet her child’s college funds and loses her shit when she finds out.


This happened years ago and she got fired the next day and the kid dropped out I learned a few months later./nThe setting: an inter island flight on Hawaiian Airlines. The players: me, my husband, entitled mom, and her (quiet) kid.

We’re boarding for a very short flight. I get to my row and see that EM is sitting in my assigned seat, next to her son, who is about ten years old and not saying a word.  I told her “I think you’re in my seat”. She barely even looks at me. “Ma’am, I think you’re in my seat.” She pulls out a ticket- the son’s ticket- to show me that her son is sitting in his assigned seat. I told her that I can see that the kid is in his assigned seat but she is not, because she is in my seat. I asked her again which seat is hers- thinking, actually, that I would just go ahead and sit in her seat so that she can sit with her kid. Because even though she’s going about this entirely the wrong way, it’s a really short flight and not worth the effort.

Over the next minute or two, she *refuses* to tell me where her ticketed seat is. She keeps pointing over and over to her son’s ticket, showing that he’s sitting in his seat. I’m starting to lose my patience by now because there’s a long line of people backing up trying to board and we’re causing a problem for everyone. I finally said to her “I *cannot* let you sit there without you at least telling me where your seat is because if you don’t tell me, now you’re forcing me to steal somebody else’s seat. I’m willing to switch with you but you *have* to tell me where your actual seat is so that I know which seat I should sit in.” No response, just staring straight ahead.

Finally a flight attendant came over and asked to see her ticket- amazingly, now she responds and takes out her ticket and shows the FA.  The FA looks at me somewhat inquiringly, as if to ask me if I’m willing to switch. I said, “Honestly, I had every intention of letting her switch so she could sit next to him, but I’m really not feeling like I want to do that after she ignored me and lied to me.” So she gets booted from her seat and I reclaimed it.

Lest I come off as completely unsympathetic here, I did help the kid buckle his seatbelt after I noticed that he didn’t know how and the FA didn’t catch it (I’m not sure what was going on with this flight but a lot of things seemed to be going unnoticed). I felt bad for him because he seemed very unnerved by the whole thing and the confrontation but he’s probably going to get used to that pretty quickly having such an entitled mom./nM: me

ED: entitled dad

EM: entitled mom

HK: hungry kid (3 years old?)

MK: mortified kid (10 years old?)

Here’s what happened:

I missed my tram today so I decided to get a bowl of pasta from a centre nearby. The place is in a food court, and instead of individual tables, there’s picnic tables set together (maybe 16 seats each table). You find a seat and you sit in it, no matter who’s around. 

So I grab my bowl of delicious hot pasta and look for a seat. Place is full, except for three seats all the way at the end of the hall, so I rush over there and put my bowl down then dig in. Except... there’s a family of 2 parents and 2 kids sitting in front of me and HK is looking at my pasta like it’s ~~lady~~ Ser Brienne and she’s Tormund. 

She turns to her dad right away, and speaks in their language, but it’s obvious she wants to get food. Now this family is sitting in a food court but don’t have any food with them. ED waves her off. She repeats and points at my food, he tells her off again. Fourth time she does it, EM looks at me and says “hey, I’m sorry, but do you mind moving to another table? She’s going to throw a tantrum if she keeps watching you eat”. 

M: there’s no empty seats but these 3 here... I’ve looked everywhere. And this is a food court..? Everyone is eating

ED: yeah, but we’re facing the wall, she can’t see anyone but you eating. 

M: yeah, I guess she’ll have to hang on for the next few minutes? I eat pretty fast. 

They both stare at me. ED: no, I’m asking you politely to sit somewhere else. Bringing children out of the house is hard enough without you making it harder. 

M: I’m politely saying no. The less you make me talk, the faster I eat, the faster I leave. 

MK says something to her parents in their language, she looks crazy embarrassed. Her parents shush her. 

ED’s face is completely red by now, stands up,  and slams his fist on the table. Tells me to pick another seat, OR ELSE. 

I’m not worried, I’m a foot taller than him, so I can take him. All of a sudden, HK starts crying really loud, flailing up and down like a muppet, and threw herself to the floor. EM tells me they were having a good day until I came along. I told her not to bring a little kid to a food court and not feed them. She said they were resting. Not my problem. 

They had to lift HK and carry her so they could leave. Her screeching was filling the entire place, and poor MK was looking on the ground like she wanted it to swallow her. 

I took my time eating my pasta./nEDIT: this takes place in the UK so the police do not need a warrant to search phones

This isn't my story but a police officer's (PO). He came into my school a few years ago to talk to us about sexting and had this delightful story.

So, basically, if you're under 18 you're legally a child (duh) so any indecent photo of someone under 18 counts as child pornography. Even if the photo is of yourself you can still be charged with possession of child pornography. Quick PSA over.

PO received a complaint from a girl that entitled kid (EK) had her nudes on his phone. PO goes to EK's school, talks to him and asks to see his phone to check if he had the girl's nudes. EK refuses because "I know my rights" and so the school are forced to contact EK's entitled dad (ED).

ED, not surprisingly, also refuses because he also "knows his rights". PO is having none of it. He asks ED who pays the phone bill and of course ED does. This means that technically the phone is under ED's name and so belongs to him.
PO informs ED that if any nudes are found then it's him who will be charged for possession, making him a sex offender.

This makes ED reconsider some things and he quickly hands over the phone. To no one's surprise the girl's nudes are there and so PO deletes them. It could have been over so much quicker had EK just complied but entitled's gotta entitle, I guess.

No idea what happened to EK and ED, but unfortunately EK sent the photo to three of his friends, all in different schools. I just hope PO was able to delete them all before they got spread further./nSo yesterday I went cycling and in the city I live, the busiest areas have bike lanes and pedestrian lanes separated. However, EM didn't want to walk on the "dirty lanes". (note that english isn't my native language)

.

.

Cast


EM - level 1 crook

CK - chill kid

ME - level 100 mafia boss

P - police officer

M - my mom

.

.

So I was cycling back home on a bike lane and I saw EM and CK in front of me. I ringed the bell.


EM: (screaming) "WHAT IS YOUR PROBLEM?"


Now, I have asperger which means I'm pretty bad in human contact.

ME: "I was ringing the bell because you are blockin..."


EM: (cuts off) "I DON'T CARE! I WAS HERE FIRST!"


ME: "Sorry but this is a bike lane, you should walk over there." *points to pedestrian lane*


EM: "NO! WE WERE HERE FIRST! MY LITTLE ANGEL CAN'T WALK ON THOSE DIRTY LANES!" 


(the walkways were completely fine)


CK: (embarrased) "Mom don't call me "Little angel" I'm 12."


EM: "Don't worry sweetie, you can play when we get home" ???????? what? lol


CK: "no mom we should go"


EM: "yes sweetie you can play fortnight when we get home"


CK: "MOM! NO! gosh your embarrassing! I don't even play Fortnite!"


EM: "So if this is a bike lane, you must borrow your bike!"


ME: (confused) "What? No."


EM: "Yes you must borrow it! We were here first, you can get another bike!"


*EM pushes me from my seat and tries to take the bike. I quickly put the lock on (it's a very ez to use lock, takes seconds to lock) and take the key*

Little did she know, a police car was nearby.


The cops see what's happening and arrive.


P: "What's happening?"


EM: (screaming) "THIS BRAT STOLE MY SON'S BIKE!!"


*CK looks really suprised and confused*


P: "Is this true?" *looking at me*


I'm in shock as I have never been in a police confrontation before and I don't get a word out of my mouth. And before I do, this happens:


CK: "No, this isn't my bike. Mom, let's go!"


EM: (whispers) "Sweetie you will get a free bike just shush now"


ME: "Yes this is my bike!"


EM: "NO YOU ARE A LIAR!"


Now my mom arrives, as I was cycling with her.


M: "[ME] what's going on?"


EM: "Your brat stole my son's bike!"


M: "No, that's not true!"


ME: "I managed to lock it before EM started screaming, I have the key."


CK: "Yea mom, you are embarrasing me!"


P: "Ma'am you can't steal people's bikes." 


CK: "She has done this before"


EM: "How could you? No fortnight this week!"


CK: "That's ok, I don't play Fortnite."


P: "You will come with me, ma'am. *looking at CK* Could you come to the station for a bit, don't worry, we will just ask some questions."


CK: "Ok."


EM looks really embarrassed. Luckily he doesn't raise a scene anymore, just enters the car.


I didn't press charges as it wasn't really an offense, but I'm pretty sure she got screwed after CK told about EM's other offenses. (Or that's what I was told)


Thanks for sticking with me on this, hope you enjoyed. This happened in Finland (where I live) so the translations may not be 100% accurate./nBackground:

I was at the mall yesterday that has two floors. There's a middle section of the mall that has an up escalator and a down escalator with a Starbucks store in the middle. However, the store is not that tall, so you can see the escalators on both sides. All I'm going to say is I seriously hope what I saw was not real, but by the way people were staring, I think it was real.

&#x200B;

Characters:

&#x200B;

EM: Entitled Mom (for anyone new on the subreddit)

SG: Security Guard

H: Husband of Entitled Mom

&#x200B;

(No me? I didn't talk because I was so flabbergasted at this story my mouth dropped to the floor).

&#x200B;

EM tries to walk to up the down escalators, but can't get up the stairs. I'm about to say something, because I think she might be tired or distracted and not realize wtf is going on, but then screams for SG.

&#x200B;

EM: Why are these stairs preventing me from going upstairs?

SG: That's the down escalator, m'am. They're used to bring people downstairs.

EM: But I want to go up these stairs

SG: Take the escalator just over there (No more than 10-20 steps)

EM: But that's too far. Why don't you change the direction of the escalator. It's too far to walk, and I have to go to my baby upstairs.

SG: Where is your child?

EM: Upstairs with my husband, duh! Now, change the direction of the escalator.

SG: I can't

EM: It won't be that hard.

SG: You could have been upstairs by now if you just use the up escalator. Let's not waste anymore time and go up the up escalators

EM: I want to speak to the manager.

SG: He's literally going to say the same thing

\*H now appears on top of escalator, with kid being neutral, going down the down escalator\*

H: Honey, what's going on?

EM: This man won't change the escalator.

H: What do you mean?

EM: The escalator is going the wrong way.

H: There's another escalator right there that are going up.

EM: \*as if she sees it for the first time\* oh, thank you honey, \*goes to escalator and rides up it with child\*.

&#x200B;

At this point, I leave, so I don't know what happens afterwards.

&#x200B;

Edit:  Thank you to everyone who has noticed this! I read the comments. As someone who makes a lot of dad jokes, I appreciate the puns. I switched to stairs part way through by accident, so I fixed that (no one criticized me, but I saw one of the jokes had stairs and that's when I noticed it). /nThis was recent but I can’t remember everything so sorry if you get a bit confused. 
EA: Entitled Aunt  EC: Entitled Cousin  D: Dad  U: Uncle  SC: Step Cousin and finally Me, also a few family members who were just witnesses

So a few weeks ago it was my cousins 7th birthday so me and most of my Dad’s side of the family decided to gather at my Uncle’s house for a party seeing as they are moderately wealthier than most other people in my family. 

Now I didn’t know about this party because I thought I was just going to my dad’s house for the weekend and was only told about it the day before we left, this is important because if I knew we were going I wouldn’t have taken my switch with me. My cousin most likely has ADHD but my Aunt refuses to go get him diagnosed, I’m sure you can already see what’s going to happen.

The party is going well, we’ve all eaten, presents have been opened, alls well. Everyone leaves the table and just talks to each other, I am good friends with my step cousin even though she is in her 20s, mainly due to her having a huge Collection of games and collectibles such as figurines and cards and posters. Because of her brother (my cousin) she also has a lock on her bedroom door.

So everyone has left the table and I’m walking over to a comfy armchair to play on my switch when my step cousin comes over and says.
SC: Hey what’s in the case?
Me: my switch I was just gonna play for a while.
She doesn’t look horrified, just concerned
SC: you sure you don’t wanna come upstairs to play that?
Me: no it’s fine I’m good down here.
SC: your choice but knock if you wanna come in (she always locks her door) good luck.

I had no idea what she meant until only a few minutes later the demon waddled over to me.

EC: cool you’ve got a switch too! What games you got?
Me: oh uh a few like mario kart, what about you?
I had hid the game I was playing because it was Dark souls and I didn’t want to get in trouble for him seeing giant rats murdering me
EC: I have every game!
Me: good for you. I said laughing
EC: let me watch you play.
Me: actually I’m playing a violent game right now, I don’t think your parents would want you to see.
He looked confused but then ran off and I thought that was it, I resumed playing on my switch when I realised I had died.

About a minute later I’m playing peacefully and suddenly the switch is no longer in my hands. I kilt out of the chair and see my aunt staring at me angrily with it clutched in her hand.

Me: uh what are you doing give that back it’s mine?
EA: I don’t care why didn’t you let my son play!?
Me: because it’s a violent game and I didn’t know if he was allowed to watch.
Nobody had noticed the argument at this point but she at last looked at the screen and saw the gaping dragon boss which I had just started fighting.
EA: how dare you show my son such horrible things!
She then took out the game and dropped the switch
Me: wtf are you doing!
I picked up my switch and demanded back the game
EA: I’m throwing away this horrible thing now sit back down and let him play a more suitable game.

As she is leaving I slam the switch into the case, close it, then walk behind her and grab the game from her entitled fingers. And I ran to the stairs.

I could hear her screaming behind me but I climbed up the stairs as fast as I could holding the case and the game in each hand and got to my step cousins door, she must have heard the yelling and me running up the stairs because I didn’t even have to knock and she opened the door.

I could hear my cousin crying downstairs but my Aunt wasn’t screaming. Apparently she was telling everyone how I was trying to indoctrinate her son into a demonic cult. I spent the rest of the party on my switch whilst SC laughed about what i told her and how she “warned me”

Anyway in the end I told my dad what happened and he and my uncle already knew she was like that and weren’t angry at me luckily, my uncle even apologised that my Aunt won’t want us there for a while but I still talk to SC regularly and play online with her.

But at the end of the day all that maters is that I eventually killed that boss in dark souls!/nEm: Entitled mom

EK: Entitled kid

Me: Me

Mom: my mom

Sorry, but I need to give a bit of backstory first. I'll make it fast.

This happened when I was young, maybe 7 or so. I'm autistic, and it was very clear I  wasn't normal from the start. I was very literal, easily overwhelmed by loud sounds and bright lights, didn't understand facial expressions, Stimmed (that's what it's called when Autistic kids rock or flap their hands). Basically, it was a known secret to every adult and some older kids that something wasn't right with me.

As a result, I was bullied a LOT. And most teachers would look the other way, or say if I didn't do (insert autistic behavior I couldn't control here) they'd stop. But this time still sticks out in my head.

Once a year, my church would have this youth week where all the kids would be put into groups based on gender and age, and taught different things about the Bible. For about two nights out of the week, one parent would host a sleepover for the whole group. there were about four other girls my age, and for some reason, they all *hated* me. But EK was the ringleader. She was the one who convinced every other kid my age in the church that I was to be avoided. It was her mom's house we were staying at, and I was excited.

So, once I was there the other girls kept to themselves, ignoring me whenever I asked if I could join in or loudly asking why I was stimming to mock me secretly. It got worse at night.

There were two big beds, and all the kids were going to share, but when I tried to get in, EK stopped me.

&#x200B;

EK: Ew! You can't sleep with me!

Me: But your mom said we had to!

EK: You're not sleeping with me!

Me: Ok, I'll sleep in the other bed.

Other girl: No! You can't sleep here either!

Me: But then where will I sleep?

EK: Sleep on the floor.

Me: But I don't have a sleeping bag, or a pillow or blanket!

EK: I don't care. I just don't want you to touch me.

&#x200B;

I tried to get into the bed, only to get a kick to the gut that knocked me to the floor. All the girls laughed as I cried. EM comes up to see what all the noise is.

EM: What's going on?

EK: We're just playing.

Me: (Starting to have a meltdown) She kicked me! She won't let me sleep in the bed!

EK: I don't wanna share a bed with her! She's gross!

EM: (My name,) Go to sleep and stop crying.

Me: But she won't let me in the bed!

Em: Then sleep on the floor. There's towels in the bathroom.

&#x200B;

I was totally shocked. Sure enough, I had to sleep on a wooden floor with only towels for a blanket and pillow. The second my mom came to pick me up the next day, I told her what happened. My mom isn't a good person by any means, but she was P\*SSED when she heard what happened. She held my hand and pulled me over to talk EM.

Mom: (my name) told me you made her sleep on the floor!

EM: (lying) Oh, I'm sorry, there wasn't enough room on the beds.

Mom: She said that EK didn't want to share a bed with her!

EM: I didn't want to upset EK!

Mom: So you let a seven year old sleep on the floor instead? I told you EK bullied my daughter before I dropped her off, and you said nothing would happen!

EM: She just slept on the floor! You're acting like EK killed her!

Mom: EK has bullied my daughter for years, but I thought you'd be a good enough mother to stop it from happening in your own house!

EM: I can't help it if EK doesn't like her!

Mom: I don't care if she doesn't love (my name), your daughter should treat everyone nicely anyways!

EM: Maybe you shouldn't have brought your daughter! Everyone knows she's retarded, that's why nobody likes her! And I can't make a bunch of kids like someone like that!

Mom: (My name), we're leaving.

&#x200B;

She took me home after that, and I was never allowed to go to a sleepover at church again. Turns out EM made up a bunch of lies about how I broke things or cried all the time so none of the other parents would host me. It's not the worst thing that's happened to me by a long shot, but it is the one that sticks out the most, mostly because the adult was acting like such a child.

EK's still a brat, but does act weirdly nice around me. I can tell it's not genuine. It's like when kids at high school are friendly to the special needs kids. My guess is she finally figured out I was disabled and feels bad, like most of my other bullies.

Edit: Oh my gosh, thank you for silver! that's so nice of you!

Edit: Gold too? thank you! And It's amazing to see so many people who are either autistic or have family members or friends speaking out against others being treated like this in their own lives. Hopefully autistic kids in the future have an easier time thanks to kind people like you. I really didn't expect so many people to be so nice!  
Edit: Oh my god! thank you so much for platinum! You're so nice!

&#x200B;/nThis happened back in my Freshman year of High School, back when I was younger and more easily intimidated.  The only reason this didn't go south was because of a good friend of mine.  


Me:  Proud French Horn Player  
EK:  Entitled Kid

EM:  Entitled Mom

F:  Friend (who is still an awesome friend years later)

&#x200B;

Anyone who has ever done Middle or High School band is probably familiar with the idea of instrument rental.  You might be able to buy your kid a basic trumpet, clarinet, or snare drum, but you don't need to spend a ton of money on more expensive instruments.  My school system had 4 high schools under the same system, so if there was a demand or surplus in one school, the instruments would change schools until everyone was satisfied.  In Middle School I was pretty good at Trumpet already.  Back in the last state I lived in, band started in 5th grade, but in my new home it started in 6th grade, so I was a year ahead of the average.  I could play my scales and sight read, so my band teacher let me try a harder instrument and I was the only French Horn player.  Ever since then, I stuck with the instrument.  I borrowed from the school  and could tell that many a student had used it before me.  My dad promised me that if I could make the All-State auditions in my 7th grade year (no matter what seat) then he would buy me my own French Horn for the 8th grade.  I got 2nd to last chair, but my Dad already was thinking about letting me earn the instrument anyway if I didn't make it, I worked so hard.

&#x200B;

It wasn't new, he had bought it on ebay, but it was a double french horn, which meant that it had a thumb trigger to activate another set of tuning pipes for the rotors.  Usually you used the trigger for lower registers as the tuning changes.  It was silver in color and the previous owner had kept it in good shape.  I was so pleased with it, and my teacher said I was getting pretty good on it.  

&#x200B;

When I went to High School, I was introduced to the Mellophone, which is basically the marching band version of a French Horn, but since I was only going to use it for marching band, we chose the sensible rental option.  Usually the higher seat you were, the better choice you got for instrument, which meant that as a Freshman, I was left with the rinky-dink that still sounded okay but had been bent before and fixed.  I was fine with the system, knowing that I would get better and next year I could get one that wasn't so bad.  It was when we were moving into Concert Band that the drama started.  Depending on your skill level, there were 2 band classes, one mostly filled with Freshman and Sophomores, and Juniors who weren't all that good, and the other was filled with Juniors and Seniors, with the occasional Sophomore who was better than good.  There was a similar system, you tried out for chairs and based upon order of chair, you got to select a school instrument.  I had my own which I polished up nice and shiny for class.

&#x200B;

EK had gotten 1st chair in class, and most of the school rentals were brass in color while mine was silver.  There were a couple double French Horns, though most were single.  On our first day of Concert Band class, he sees me at middle chair (of 5) and asked why he wasn't allowed to play that one.  I explained to him that I owned this one and he didn't want to believe me.  After the teacher verified that it was mine, the kid subsided... but not for long.  I got approached one day at the end of class by the EK with a grin on his face.  "I talked to the teacher and he said that we can trade French Horns.  He said that the 1st chair should have the best one."    


"Sorry, but my Dad would be pissed if I gave away the instrument, it wasn't cheap."  Even a used French Horn was a pricey investment, and my dad had impressed on me the value of this thing.  

&#x200B;

"That doesn't matter.  The teacher said you can just borrow the school one and he'll pay you back for any damages for yours at the end of the year."  He was a Junior and I was an easily impressed Freshman, but I still resisted and told him that I'd need the teacher to tell me all of this.  He wasn't having any of it and tried to grab the case out of my hand.  "Come on dude, he already said it's okay.  He's going to give you a failing grade if you don't give it."  I held on to the case with a death grip and began shouting.  It's high school so shouting was kind of par for the course, but my teacher only let the shouting go on for a few seconds before he realized it wasn't just normal high school horseplay.  When he came out, he demanded to know what was going on.  EK shouted "He's stealing my French Horn, and hurting me!" despite the fact that my case had silver sharpie all over it with drawings and my NAME written on the side.  My teacher had seen me with the French Horn and knew that I had signed a sheet of paper saying I was not renting an instrument.  He was no dummy.

&#x200B;

The teacher broke us up and sent EK to the principal's office.  I figured that would be the end of it and figured he'd get in trouble.  He did, and was suspended for a day, for which I was grateful.  When he came back, he would give my case an envious look, so I decided it would be prudent to hide my French Horn.  My Friend knew what was up, and he suspected that the kid was going to make off with my instrument, possibly steal it, but just as likely take it to break it.  Who knew.  F played Tuba, which was made of Fiberglass (all the brass ones were at a different school) and it was a common practice to just place the whole tuba in the locker instead of in the case in the locker.  F told me to start putting my silver French Horn in his case and to take my empty F-Horn case to my locker like it was in there.  I came back to pick up my instrument at the end of the day and I found the case was missing.  After a quick look around the building, F found it behind the band building smashed to pieces.  I still don't know if he thought my horn was in there when he damaged it or if he damaged it because he opened it and found it wasn't there.  Still, we reported it to the teacher.  Bless this school for their cameras.  They didn't have cameras everywhere, but there was one behind the band building, meant to watch an entrance to the football field but it caught EK tossing a wrecked case behind the building and stomping on it.  

&#x200B;

I was brought into an after school meeting with me, my parents, the band teacher, principal, EK, and his mother.  I had no idea what she's been told up to this point, but I figured that the EK was going to be smacked around by his mother halfway through the meeting.  Oh boy, was I in for a story.  She thought I was in trouble and that her son was called in as a witness.  According to EM's understanding of the story, I had stolen one of the school French Horns, trying to claim it belonged to me and my son was trying to report me to the Band Teacher.  I had covered up my crime to the point where even the Band Teacher believed the Horn belonged to me.  EK tried to be cool and tried to trade Horns with me so that he could bring me to justice somehow and that I refused and threatened to smash his horn up and blame it on him.  When he went to go reclaim the stolen horn like a hero, he found that I had SOLD the horn and left the case, and that I was going to have to pay the school thousands (yeah, they aren't cheap) of dollars for a replacement.  

&#x200B;

By this point EK looks embarassed because he knows his story is full of holes.  As the truth was explained to the EM, she changed gears.  "Well why couldn't that Freshman just trade instruments then?  Why did he have to go and frame my son?  She was STILL trying to make her son the victim in all of this.  When it was explained that he would not be welcome in band anymore, she tried to accuse the teacher of inhibiting his music career and that she would sue.  This is where my Dad who had been patiently waiting for a chance to speak cut in.  "You're just lucky my son hid the horn from your son, or you'd be the one paying for a new horn.  By the way, you can purchase a new case by next week and I promise not to take you to court for damages.  EM could not BELIEVE the accusations against her son and when shown the video, she huffed and said it was probably staged.  (This was 1999, so Photoshop was not a common accusation yet)

&#x200B;

By the end of it, the school ended up buying me the case, not a great one but it did the job.  EK was suspended for a month and later expelled for stealing school equipment in his new class in drama.  I thought drama would've been a great class for him to take instead, considering./nI just shared a story of my own, and this one isn't mine, but this is just too good not to share. I go to a vet that deals with all types of animals but is specialized in reptiles (I have young corn snakes). The assistant (A) told me about her encounter with an EM and EK from a few days ago. She was still laughing. 


EM and EK walked into the vet's waiting room (where A has a desk) with a bunny. They were too early for their appointment, so they had to wait. While they waited, a man (M) walked in with closed box. EK started trying to peek in and open up the box, but M said that [animal's name] had pain in his eyes and that light would hurt him, so that the box had to stay closed. EK wasn't happy about that, and cried to EM that he wanted to see the puppy (spoiler: not a puppy). EM immediately got bitchy and commanded M to open up the box, saying "a few seconds won't hurt it, my kid can see the puppy". M said no, but EM just kept talking in circles and refused to give up. She also kept getting louder and more annoying, while EK was still crying and also getting louder. A was considering intervening when M solved it for her. 


 Apparently, M got so fed up with the constant badgering that he just said "fine! Whatever! Open it, you get 10 seconds". So EM opened the box, saw the beautiful, full-grown python in it, and let out a deafening scream. It was so loud the vet (V) came running out of the examination room to see what the hell was happening. EM had retreated to a corner of the waiting room, with EK pressed against the wall behind her, screaming about how she, EK and their bunny could've been killed and that M shouldn't be allowed to have his pet. M in the meantime had closed the box and was laughing his ass off, and A was having a hard time not laughing along with him. She managed to keep a straight face and explained what happened to V. V just sighed. EM demanded that M and "his monster" be kicked out, V said no. EM, seeing she wasn't getting any support, grabbed her EK and bunny and huffed/ran out the door, vowing to never come back. Good riddance imo./nPART 5 IS UP! [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bg7imi/the\_end\_of\_the\_saga\_the\_trial\_of\_the\_entitled\_son/?utm\_medium=android\_app&utm\_source=share](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bg7imi/the_end_of_the_saga_the_trial_of_the_entitled_son/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share) I'm on mobile yadayadaya

Now if your new to my posts. I had an encounter with an EM a while ago. Then another encounter where she got arrested for assaulting me while I was having a seizure. Grabbing my service dog to prevent her from helping me, and trying to steal her! Later her son tried to get revenge. Leaving threatening notes, and eventually trying to beat me up on a trail. Long story short, I had been carrying a knife with me since my encounter with EM, and..... I ended up stabbing him in self defense. You can read that here:[https://www.reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/b0vwn4/guys\_mother\_got\_arrested\_for\_attacking\_me\_and\_he/?utm\_medium=android\_app&utm\_source=share](https://www.reddit.com/r/NuclearRevenge/comments/b0vwn4/guys_mother_got_arrested_for_attacking_me_and_he/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

Now the ES was still in the hospital recovering from his wounds. But the EM had a trial to go to. My mother had gotten a pretty good lawyer, and so did the EM. Luckily almost all of the evidence supported me.

Now onto the trial.

Of course I had my dog with me, and the first thing her lawyer did was try to convince the judge my dog was untrained, rabid, and dangerous. Meanwhile she was sitting at my side, alert for any seizures I might have. (Now my dog is the least threatening dog ever. Here she is after a day of work: [http://imgur.com/gallery/yx2qxtV](http://imgur.com/gallery/yx2qxtV)) And of course the judge bought none of it. My lawyer on the other hand. Provided the footage taken by a bystander of her attacking me while I was having a seizure, grabbing my dog when she tried to help me, dragging my dog out the front, running from the police, and getting tased.

After that she tried to say I was faking the seizure to get her in trouble. (I GUESS I BRING A SERVICE DOG AROUND WITH ME BECAUSE I WANTED TO GET HER IN TROUBLE AS WELL) More evidence was shown, she acted insane, and I had a seizure (not really).

Long story short she was charged with, assaulting a minor, assaulting a disabled person, animal abuse, harassment, resisting arrest, and other charges. Needless to say she is going to jail for a long time. The ES's trial isn't scheduled as he is still in the hospital. I'll keep everyone updated!

 This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)./nPart 1:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bqv891/entitled\_sister\_in\_law\_from\_hell\_chapter\_1/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bqv891/entitled_sister_in_law_from_hell_chapter_1/) 

Part 2: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bqxg16/entitled\_sister\_in\_law\_chapter\_2/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bqxg16/entitled_sister_in_law_chapter_2/)

&#x200B;

Ok, this is going to bring us to the end of the saga. Right now we have zero contact with ES with her youngest graduating in a few weeks, we hope to never hear from her again.

&#x200B;

Cast:

ES: Entitled Sister in Law

GF: ES's girl friend

N1: Niece

N2: Nephew

W: Wife

B: Ex Brother in Law

BW: Ex Brother in Law's Wife

MIL: Mother in Law

M: Me

&#x200B;

At the end of our last chapter, it looked like ES had finally gotten her act together. For roughly a year she seemed cool. We were hanging out with her regularly, the kids were doing good in school, she was holding down a job. All good.

The only downside was that she would drop her kids off with us for the weekend on a regular basis without warning. This only made planning our life a bit difficult, but we loved having N1 and N2 over because they are great kids. W would also pick N1 up from school each day because their schools were too far apart for ES to get both of them. After a while we started to notice things.

\- The kids would eat us out of house and home every time they visited. They were teenagers, so this wasn't immediately recognized as a problem.

\- The kids would be happy and carefree when visiting us, but the second their mom showed up, they just seemed to shut down.

\- Our son spent the night a few times with my nephew told W that ES was mean and was always yelling at everyone and the he was scared of her.

&#x200B;

Then the overt shit started happening. One day while we were all at a park, N2 and I were chasing each other around with nerf guns and swords and we were outside her view. She starts screaming bloody murder for him to get back over to where she was and proceeds to start cussing him out... while standing next to the populated toddler playground. N1 leans over to W and tells her that she is always doing stuff like this.

N1 starts to confide in W that ES is not buying food, but is buying expensive jewelry for GF. ES also bought a bow flex for some reason, and a number of other things they didn't need. She also apparently threatened to kill N2's iguana and N2 asked if he would get in trouble if he had to defend himself if ES tried to hurt him.

ES also develops a habit of leaving the kids alone in their apartment over the weekend while she goes to stay with GF. One night while she is out the breaker for the heater throws. It is the middle of winter and getting really cold at night. When the kids call her, she tells them to sleep in the living room and she would take care of it the next morning. Mind you, I lived less than 5 minutes away and all she had to do was call me and I would've fixed it.

One day, she decides that they are all going to move in with GF in the next town over. This is in the middle of the school year. The kids are obviously not happy about it. We offer that the kids could stay with us for a few months so they could finish the school year and then move in with her. She says that she likes that idea and that she will ask the kids if they want to.

She does, and when they say that they do want to do that she goes off on them telling them that they don't love her and how terrible they are for not wanting to be with her, etc.

N1 is stressed out now because she is doing really good and is scared she will not be able to graduate on time if she has to change schools. She decides to try and talk to ES again while they are visiting us. ES again berates and yells at her. N1 comes out to my garage where I am to get away from her and has a breakdown. I ask if she has her B's phone number, which she does, and I give him a call. The call goes like this.

&#x200B;

M: ES is making the kids life hell, and is moving them up to where her GF is. N1 is scared she won't be able to graduate.

B: You know what happened before with my ex, are you sure that I am a better option than ES.

M: Just by the fact you are asking that question, yes.

B: Ok, I'll see what I can do.

&#x200B;

Turns out that B's employer had an office in our town and was friends with the company owner. He is given the option to transfer here, but waits until he can save up the money to get an apartment. We all plan on that following summer.

The kids know what the plan is, they end having to move that school year, but when they go to visit B over the summer, he brings them to our house. The plan is for them to live with us while he moves up here. This allows them to be re-enrolled in their previous schools. Everything goes exactly as planned. The kids are of the age that they can pick what parent they want to be with and say they want to be with their dad. When they won't leave with ES and GF at the end of the summer, she loses it, calls the cops, and drama ensues. Cops talk to the kids, and allow them to stay with us. Court date for custody comes and she doesn't even show up, so B wins by default. Kids live with us for about 6 months total.

B gets an apartment in town first and they live there for about 6 months, then he surprises us by buying a house in the same subdivision that we live in with his then girlfriend, now wife. For the last few years, BW has been a better mom to those kids than ES ever was.

N1 had some fallout from all of the mental abuse that I won't go into, but is now very well adjusted. Graduated HS early, and is in college. N2 graduates in a few weeks and is joining the Army National Guard and planning to go to college to become an EMT.

ES cut ties with EVERYONE in the family, and no is particularly upset about it.

&#x200B;

That wraps up the saga of ES. No big moment of her getting it handed back to her, but it worked out in the end for her kids, and that is all that really matters./nAlright, so this is a pretty long one but I'll put a tl;dr at the bottom.

&#x200B;

EP: Entitled Parent

EB: Entitled Brat (The EP's child, probably 7 years old)

F: My friend

Me: Me ofc

&#x200B;

So for some background, I come from a pretty middle class family. We have enough to survive, but not enough to live lavishly. However, my parents were very proud of me for managing to get all As (and some A+) in my freshman and sophomore year of high school, so they decided to gift me a phone. It was a pretty new Samsung phone, and it cost them a lot. I understood that my parents really wanted to reward me, so I kept the phone in really good condition. Now, the story happens a couple of months after.

I'm sitting at the library, working on a school project with my friend. He asked me to search something up, so I took out my phone to do so. Enter EP and EB.

EP: Hello, can I borrow your phone to call someone?

Now, she seemed nice at first and I'm willing to help people out, so I decided to let her borrow it. 

EP: Thank you, I'll be back quick. *Walks over across the library to a set of chairs and sits down.*

I could still see EP, but I was becoming suspicious when she moved farther and farther away. I just ignore her for a few minutes and chat with my friend, and then I look back over to where she was sitting. I guess she had finished her call, because she was ***on a phone of her own, which was NOT mine*** and her kid, EB, was holding my phone. (I had unlocked it to let them call, I can only assume that he was playing some game) I walked over there and asked for my phone back, when EP said:

EP: Can't you see that my kid is having fun playing with it, just let him play for a little bit.

Me: I let you *borrow* my phone to make a phone call, not so that your kid could play on it. Now please, give it back to me.

EP: Why do you need such a nice phone anyway? A flip-phone should be good enough for you!

Me: The phone I have is none of your business

I reach out and take my phone from her kid, when she yells,

EP: HOW DARE YOU TOUCH MY CHILD!!

EB: *Starts crying and yelling*

EP: GIVE ME THAT PHONE BACK YOU BASTARD. MY CHILD DESERVES THIS PHONE, YOU DON'T NEED IT

Me: No, this is MY phone, I own it, and I'm not giving it out for free.

EP tries to snatch the phone from me, but I push her hand away

EP: HOW DARE YOU HIT ME! RAPIST, RAPIST! SOMEBODY CALL SECURITY

My friend comes to the rescue!

F: Screw off old lady, that phone is OP's and NOT yours.

EP: YOU STUPID CUNTS! GIVE ME THAT PHONE NOW!

By this time, the entire library has heard this and security (S) arrives.

S: Excuse me ma'am, what's going on here?

EP: THIS RAPIST ASSAULTED MY CHILD AND STOLE MY PHONE! HE BROUGHT HIS CRIMINAL FRIEND TO SUPPORT HIM! 

S: Please remain calm. *Turns to me*. Did you steal this phone?

Me: No, this is my phone!

I give the phone to the guard, and he hands it to EP. He asks her to unlock it, but she can't. He gives it back to me, and I unlock it with my password. 

S: Alright ma'am, please come with me (to EP).

EP: NO! YOU LYING FAGGOT! YOU FUCKERS WILL BURN IN HELL FOR THIS!

EB: *Still crying, practically bawling now*

EP, EB, F, and I all go with the security guard and he shows us the footage from the security camera. He clearly sees that EP was lying, and that SHE was trying to steal my phone. The guard calls the cops, and EP gets arrested for attempted theft. 

Lesson learned: Be more careful with your personal items, you never know what kind of psychos are out there.

tl;dr - EP asks to borrow my phone, I give it to her. When I try to take it back, she claims the phone is hers, screams all kinds of insults at me, and eventually a security guard is called to sort it out. In the end, she goes to jail and I just wasted an hour./nHey people this just happened a few days ago and I'm still wrapping my head around it. I'm very borderline on whether this is entitlement or if my sister was being to possessive and not understanding. I'll let you be the judge. Sorry in advance for the formatting I'm on mobile etc etc

So my twin sister just gave birth to a beautiful baby girl and I was invited to the birth along with the father (F) and his mother (FM) to witness this miracle. My sister was 1and 1/2 week past her due date and my sister was ready to get this past this part in her adventure into parent hood and begin the next as a new mother.

The day was here and I got the call at 3 am that she was admitted to the hospital and was 5 cm dilated and contractions are about 6-7 minutes apart so I tell my husband and I head out to be with my twins sister. She was present for all my children's births and I didn't wasn't gonna miss hers. When I arrive she was in full active labor and was just about to start pushing. I took my position at her side and the F was on her other we each grabbed a leg and within 10 minutes she was here. So beautiful and perfect. Immediately the doctor put her on her my sister bare chest and we all started taking pics and telling my sister what a good job she did. 

After about five minutes F cut the cord and went directly to my sister side to kiss her. The conversation went something like this.

F: when are you gonna let me hold her?

FM: oh yes please I want to hold her next. I wanna meet my grandbaby (she got up and began trying squeeze herself between her son and my sister.)

Doctor: let's give her some time to bond with her before we have to take and examine her.

F: no i really want to see her. 

Sister: in a moment

F: NO YOU HAVE HAD HER LONG ENOUGH. SHE SUPPOSED TO BE HALF MINE REMEMBER

Sister: don't shout I just wanted to meet her I've been waiting so long

F: no no you've had your moment I deserve mine now (he begins to grab her from my sister's arms)

Sister: have you gone mad. Why are you being this way. 

FM:give her to him now he has a right to see her

Doctor: hey now this is unacceptable I'm gonna need the family to leave except for F he he wishes to stay

FM: no I have a right to be her if her sister does(pointing at me but I was already grabbing my bag and kissing my sister and going to wait in the waiting room for her text that I could come back)

Me: I'm leaving now so come on FM let's give them some space

F: no I'm bout to have my moment and I want FM to take photos (he turns back to my sister) give her here now 

Doctor: Listen here I understand you want "your moment" but your wife here has been carrying this infant for almost 42 weeks and at the moment her needs are kinda more important than your young man. And you FM need to leave this room now how dare you as a mother try and take this moment away from another shame on you.

F: hey we apologize but we are not leaving. It's you guy who will be going ( pointing at all the medical personal and doctor needed there to examine the Heath and well being of there new born baby)

Sister: (looks at F) leave now both of you. The moment is ruined because of your tantrum. Get out you two will have your moment when the doctors are through examining her. 

She then passes my precious neice to the nurse who took her to be wrapped and weighed and examined.

F: fine

He and FM left the room left the floor and even left the hospital. And didn't return or call until two days later to pick up my sister and their new daughter. I was told that he apologizes sincerely and finally got his big moment and my beautiful sister and niece are both doing very well. 
They have been married for 4 years prior to this baby and I have never seen him act like this. And I've never met his mom until now and she didn't make a very good first impression. I'm still borderline if this is what I would consider entitlement only cause it's true the father does have an absolute right to meet his new child but they way he went about it trying to grab at her when she is freshout of the womb. Trying to kick out the hospital staff and how he left and didn't come back or even call to check up on his wife and newborn. I'm very much puzzled by it and would love some input.  

Tldr: my twin sister gives birth and the father and grandmother get upset and leave when they can't have their moment with the newborn right after it is literally born. Still debating whether this is entitlement or not.

Update: so we totally appreciate all the comments and inputs my twin and new niece made a pop up Skype session and we read threw all the comments and she is going to create an account tomorrow so see can read through the recommended subreddit pages. She wants me to thank everyone for the support and inform everyone that it is true that her and her husband and different behind closed doors and agrees that MIL is the cause of 99% of there problems. 

She says they are talking about counseling and realizing that his behaviors is a top of discussion for there session's/nIf you've seen my earlier stories, you know my context. If you haven't, here's a summary: Tourette Syndrome, live in mostly Hispanic neighborhood, 5'9" White 13 y/o male, overweight. Got that? Ok. Key: ESM - entitled sexist mom; RD - rational daughter; Me - a loser


Now, Florida is a mini-Austrailia; everything wants to kill you. You have venomous cottonmouths, dangerous brown recluses, and sexist women who claim to be feminists. I ran into one of these sexist women (ESM) and her rational daughter (RD). This woman had a "male tears" T-shirt with a jean-jacket and that "let me speak to your manager" haircut. Her daughter looked around my age and had long, dark hair. She was wearing a hoodie with a kawaii panda on it. I bumped shoulders with RD. I apologized, and ESM absolutely flipped. 

ESM - EXCUSE ME!! 

Me - Uh, yes ma'am? 

ESM - Did you just touch my daughter? 

Me - Oh, I just accidently bumped into her, I didn't mean to, sorry. 

ESM - That's no excuse! I can see the hunger for sex in your eyes! You're just like all the other pigs that are men!! You will burn in hell you rapist! 

Me - What the- ma'am, I-

ESM, cutting me off - DON'T CALL ME MA'AM!! I HAVE A NAME, IT'S (some random name like Denise). 

Me - Ok, ESM, will you please stop calling me a rapist? I just bumped into your daughter, that's not rape! 

ESM, fuming with rage - Ok smart guy, what IS rape then? 

Me - Rape is when someone forcefully has sex with another person. 

ESM - HOW DARE YOU SPEAK LIKE THAT IN FRONT OF MY DAUGHTER? SHE DOESN'T NEED TO HEAR THAT!!! 

RD, her face absolutely flushed - Mom, you're being extremely rude to this guy, he just bumped into me, nothing more! 

ESM - So you're just gonna let the men oppress you? If a man ever approaches you like this guy did, kick him in the crotch like this! 


ESM then tries to kick me in the crotch. I easily evade the attack, but she goes for the kill again, so I push her away from me, trying to keep this bitch away from my reproductive organs. This whole time, RD is trying to pull ESM away from me. Having enough of ESM's shit, I threatened to call the cops. ESM told me to go ahead and call them, they'll listen to her and not some male pig like me. I call them, saying that a woman has repeatedly tried to hit me in the knockers and has used hate speech against me. The cops arrived, and Bitchface McFuckweed got slapped in cuffs after several witnesses (RD included) said that she had tried to assault me. RD was picked up by her father, and I learned that her parents had gone through a divorce, and after ESM convinced the court that the dad would've abused RD, she won custody. Let's just say RD is now happily living with her father out of state. 


TL;DR: Woman calls me a rapist for bumping into her daughter, tries to assault me, and gets put in jail. 


Also, for those of you who will call ESM a "feminist", she isn't. A feminist strives to gain equal rights as a man. ESM was being flat-out sexist. /nMy oldest daughter is 10 and has cerebral palsy and uses a wheelchair. At the time we lived on the Main Street of a small town. We lived on the corner of an intersection. Usually the bus would pick and drop off my daughter on the residential street on the side of our home, but one day it was raining extremely hard, when it was time to drop her off, and the side street had turned into a river. So my daughters aide calls and says that because of the condition of the side street they are going to drop her off in front of the house on the Main Street. So I’m out there holding an umbrella over my daughter as they are getting her unstrapped and onto the wheelchair lift. A woman in an SUV pulls up behind the bus, stops and immediately starts blaring on her horn. She can see we are trying to unload my handicapped daughter and she starts throwing her hands up, and blasting the horn. She hasn’t even sat there for more than 2 minutes. It’s still pouring rain. After about 5 minutes she rolls the window down and starts screaming at us, that we “need to hurry the fuck up, she late picking her son up” We ignore her. A few more cars are waiting behind her now. Apparently she could wait no longer, so she floors it around the bus, and to her misfortune, there’s a police officer coming from the opposite direction that has to swerve to miss her, and he immediately does a u-turn, lights her ass up, and pulls her over. I’m assuming she got a really large ticket. The school bus’s stop sign was down and flashing. Instant Karma lol./nOriginal: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ci0fnl/child\_breaks\_2000\_desktop\_and\_his\_mother\_blocks/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ci0fnl/child_breaks_2000_desktop_and_his_mother_blocks/)

1st Update: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cju8m4/update\_on\_the\_kid\_who\_broke\_my\_2000\_monitor/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cju8m4/update_on_the_kid_who_broke_my_2000_monitor/)

A lot of people told me to call CPS on Damien after he showed up to school with bruises and red marks all over his body. I didn't think that that would work on its own, so I spread this throughout the school. The next day (after the post), I told the principal to call CPS on Damien. A lot of proof was already on the security cameras (it's a private school), but I also needed to get Damien. Damien's mom, Karen was called, as well as Damien himself. Two people came over, from CPS, and the principal began telling Karen off for all of this harm.

Karen decided not to act rationally, and instead chose to say that Damien deserved all of that "discipline," after making her go through court fees and paying to replace the cost of my monitor (a Cintiq). Since it was my monitor that broke, I got to speak about what happened that day (read the original), and said that Damien got really mad and threw a thick jar of coins at my monitor after we told him not to watch us play GTA and a few horror movies on Netflix. I forgave him when I saw what Karen had done to him.

After talking to Karen for a bit longer, they asked Damien for his perspective. He quickly said that his mom didn't do anything to him, and he did it to himself as he was angry. He said that he loved his mom and his mom loved him, and that she would never do such a thing. I felt so, so sorry for him then. He didn't want to get his mom in trouble. The CPS guys didn't buy his stories as many marks were handprints much larger than Damien's, as well as Karen's previous statements.

The people from CPS told Damien that Karen was doing terrible things to Damien, and that he could go and live with his dad and sister (parents were divorced) in Arizona, because Karen was not fit to be a parent. Damien still went and hugged his mom, crying.

Karen was livid, she screamed at the principal and the CPS people, and ended up spraying pepper spray at the principal, and she ran out of the room. The CPS people caught her and threw away her spray can. The principal was wincing, and told me to call the police, which I did. Damien was breaking down, scared.

She was arrested, though I doubt that she is going to be getting a lot of jail time, but Damien is being moved to his dad's place, and Damien has arrived yesterday at the time of the post.

It turns out that Damien was being beat daily, and makeup was put on his wounds to cover it up. Makeup, roughly put on bruises, open wounds, welts and lashes from belts. He was shouted at, humiliated. It seems like nobody was there for him. I wish that I hadn't seen the world in Black and White

I honestly feel terrible, for Damien, for everyone involved.

Karen deserves worse than prison, she deserves to put in social isolation for the rest of her disgusting, pathetic life. To feel the pain that she inflicted on Damien.

She ruined Damien, who is currently taking therapy in Arizona.

If you're reading this Damien, I hope that you're getting better care in Arizona, I hope that you understand.

Yes, I was mad that he broke my monitor, which I spent the better part of 2 years saving up for, but that can be easily fixed, what isn't is the trauma that Damien had been facing daily, being beaten, abused, neglected, attacked, and humiliated, until he snapped. I originally said that I wanted to take revenge, but I believe that the statement was just my anger. He faces more pain daily than I have experienced in my entire life.

I hope you all can try to help a person in need, because, more likely than not, they don't have the will to help themselves. Though this ended ages ago, I still lie awake at night, thinking about what Damien must've faced.

\#SaveDamien

Edit: Thank you kind stranger for my first reddit silver!/nContext, this happened just yesterday, on my train ride home from work, I was sitting alone and listened to music whilst just randomly browsing the internet.

In comes EM(we all what that stands for) and ES(Her son, 5-6yo) and plops her ass down in the seats right in front of mine, the train was fairly empty but I didn't really mind her.

I was listening to music on my headphones and she suddenly signs me to take them off, I assumed she wanted me to turn do the music or make me notice an inspector instead this:

EM:Hey... um... would you give my son your phone to play with, your obviously too old for that anyways.

She was at least somewhat polite, if still a bit rude as she just asked me to hand over my phone to a strangers kid to play with.

Me:Ummm....wait...what?

EM: you understood me right?

I nod before adding a very much resounding "No."

I put on my headphones as she starts railing against me, turn the volume to the max, sign her a countdown as I hold up my unlocked phone, my thumb over the play botton and press it.

As she is semi-shouting obscenity after obscenity, I assume I can't read lips, I lean back smiling to myself.

As I do she explodes, reaches over and tries to yank my phone and headphones off of me, I gently brush her arms away, take off my headphones.

Me: Miss, I will not handover my phone nor my headphones to anyone, not even police, without a good reason. No means no, so please entertain your child in a different way.

EM: How dare you tell me how to ra- 

At this point I rolled my eyes, put my headphones back on and changed seats.

She gets an inspector and goes with him to my seat at which point she accuses me of stealing her kids phone and headphones.

I simply look up at them and say "I don't think a kid would listen to powermetal and have pictures of me, my friends and classmates on their phone."

I return to listen to music as she and her child are escorted off the train by the inspector./nI'm a live-in nanny to twin toddlers, and I often accompany Boss out and about when she has the girls, since juggling twins is hard when you're a single parent. I never mind, because I adore the girls and I like spending time with my boss, and it gets me out of the house so it's basically a win all around. 

One thing we've stopped doing is telling ANYONE that I'm her nanny. Usually she just gets a nasty look, but I've been there when she's told people that I'm the nanny. Women can get mean when they realize that my boss hired me - despite her being a single mom with weird hours that REQUIRED in-home care - and about a third of the time, they not only insinuate that she doesn't need me, but that I should be lent out to work for them for free. 

*FOR FREE*. Like I'm not a person but a belonging. I'm a fucking nanny, not a pet or a tool you can borrow! I'm lucky because my Boss shuts that down quick, especially when she knows them personally, but the amount of moms who seem to think that just because one person can afford my time means that they're entitled to it is ridiculous. /nSadly in this story the EM is my mother.  This is my first post on this site

&#x200B;

This was years ago but I still remember it cause I still cannot understand her logic behind it. Anyways, my birthday party rolls around and it was time to open presents. Me being my anti-social self just wanted to get this party over with. I open presents from my favorite "Auntie"( My mom is Filipino all her friends we're called Auntie or Uncle) she had gotten me some books on witchcraft history and on the occult cause she knew I was really into learning about that kind of stuff back then. Got the normal presents I suppose from my "uncles" and "aunties" $20 bucks here and there. Once I was done with what was on the table I said thank you to every single person. I was trying to escape back to the garage with my dad. I was stopped by my mother as I went to leave saying I didn't open the presents from her yet. I sigh thinking she bought me another really girly thing to wear. She hated the way I dressed cause I normally wore a lot of black still do actually lol. I sit down on the couch as she hands me 3 boxes. One small box and 2 medium boxes. I unwrap the small one first and low and behold she got me a bottle of HER favorite perfume. I look at her like WTF.

Mom: Well if you don't like it then I'll just keep it( rolls her eyes then complained to her friend in Tagalog about how hard it is to please me)

I unwrap the second present. It's new Nikes that are too big for me but oh wait..what's this well wouldn't you know they're my mothers size. I just sigh and hand them over to her without a word. She then starts loudly saying "I've been meaning to get new gym shoes" to the whole room. My best friend looks at me and just rolls her eyes cause she knows how my mother is. I open the last present. This one was actually really nice. It was a brand new discman(Yes I'm old lol) it was really nice it had a strap for your hand to slide into it so you could walk with it comfortably. I said cool thanks mom. She looked annoyed. Pretty sure she bought this hoping I wouldn't want it like the rest. Jokes on you women cause I used that thing the rest of freshmen year and all sophomore year on the bus. I start to walk away with MY discman in hand when she gets up and tells me she's using it tomorrow at the gym so to put it in her and my dads room.

Me: Sorry Mother but I already gave you back your things but this is MINE. Thank you for buying yourself presents and pretending they were for me.

I walk to the garage with my friend laughing quietly. Tell my Dad all about mothers attempt at presents he just sighs and hands me a beer. I was 16 so he wasn't handing a 9 year old a beer so don't freak out lol. My mother then comes outside yelling at me about how could I embarrass her like that in front of her friends. She just yells stomps her foot then looks to my Dad for help.

Awesome Dad: You bought yourself presents for her 16th birthday did you think she would be happy about it? She has a right to be upset. You really don't have a leg to stand on here.

She just huffed then stomped back into the house. I spent the rest of the party with my dad and my friend in the garage./nThis is not a big story, but it's my closest encounter with an EM, so here goes nothing.

So, when I was 18 I was a live-in babysitter in the US. I'm from Europe, by the way. I thought it was going to be a cool way to experience life in America, living with an American family while getting some pocket money for babysitting 6 hours a day.

This was 2002, and the only way to use the internet in that house, was to use EM's desktop computer in her office. I had friends and family to send a few emails to, so I'd just ask her if I could use the internet and she'd let me in her office.

I used my hotmail. I also noticed that their msn client automatically logged in when you started the computer. It said something like "You're successfully logged in as Kim -blank-", or whatever the standard msn notification was at the time. Now, Kim was their previous nanny from Australia. 
I thought to myself "It looks like Kim never logged out of her msn account, this must be still erroneously signed in because she left a year ago". So I log out of her account, cause I'm clearly not going to use hers, and log myself in.

Later that day, EM comes over to me and asks me what have I done to her computer. Her kid can no longer use the "emails program". I just told her how it was. I logged in using my account, but it would be no problem for them, as I was now logged out and they simply use their username and password to log in again. EM didn't seem to understand I word I was saying.
She involves her husband and the upset child who "wanted to go online", and once again I try to explain what I did. I ask the husband "Did you have an email address? If you have trouble remembering your password there are steps you can take". He answered that he didn't know what his email address was, him and the child would just turn on the computer and write emails.
That's when I realized: for all that time, they had been using Kim's account to send/receive emails. I have no idea how Kim didn't notice that. I emailed her about it later and she thanked me for saving the privacy of her account.

In the meantime I was given bad stares and attitude, until they called my agency's supervisor/counselor. She asked me why I messed with their computer. I tried to explain that AGAIN: I used my email account, then logged out. But she didn't get it either. I mean, I know that a lot of 40/50 year olds in 2002 weren't *exactly* familiar with the internet yet, but... not to that extent.

For this and other reasons, I left the program. It wasn't as fun as I expected and EM was a real pain to deal with, so I was very happy to go home early. I spent the week prior to my departure at the supervisor's house sleeping on a couch. 
The program got me my ticket back home, and at that point I had to contact my family to let them know when I was supposed to fly and where to meet, but guess what? I wasn't allowed to call internationally and I wasn't allowed to use the computer cause they wouldn't trust me. I had the supervisor's 10 year old daughter copy a handwritten message to my family and send it from her email address.

Just whatever./nWhen I was 11 approximately 14 years ago I lived in a peaceful town. Like on a regular basis I wake up and normally take the bus to my school.On this day it was freezing out so I stopped at the Starbucks around my school and headed in for a hot chocolate. 


As I went I lined up behind the EM and her daughter who was about 3 or 4 at that time. She was always on her phone and didnt even bother shushing her daughter who was crying. It was like she was deaf. 


She was up at the register now, and she pulled out her expensive looking wallet. She pulled out her credit card and when she put it in it was declined.She was furious at this and called her husband. I couldn't hear the husband as I was trying to stay out of it, but this is what she said:

EM: Why is there no money in my credit card?!Just give me money put it in or something.I don't care if you don't have money just put some in already! 

Then the phone hangs up and she screamed. It was so high pitched she got the whole of Starbucks looking at her. She was looking around and at this time I was checking through my wallet.

EM: Hey, kid can you lend me some money.

ME: Sorry I can't ( I had around 60 euros since it was my birthday around 2 weeks earlier and I was saving)

She then grabs the wallet out of my hand and accidentally pinches my hand while doing it.

She grabbed a 20 and I couldn't get it back as she held t high above her head.Everybody saw this and most of them were helping me out. She was then kicked from Starbucks and I got my money back. I also got a discount on my hot chocolate. I soon found out she was banned from Starbucks.

I never saw her again.



/nAnother story, a few really, about people not believing in allergies and it reminded me of what happened 3 years ago. Might be a bit of a long one. English is my first language, but I’m an idiot so roast me for the spelling and grammar issues. with that out of the way, in we go.

This story is, as the title says, how my sister in law nearly killed me during Christmas dinner. No, before you ask, the woman isn’t a horrible cook, quite the opposite in fact. BUT the problem is I have a serious allergy to liver, 2 minutes to be stabbed in the thigh with an epi pen before I pass out from not being able to breath. We found out after I was forced to eat liver at my grandfather’s when I was 7 and had to be rushed to the hospital. Now my family was well aware of this allergy and it was something my brother told his wife. Now don’t get me wrong, I do love my sister in law, but she does shit that irritates me and seldom thinks things through before she does something.

Now the cast:

Me: Angry Bird

Bro: best little bro ever born

IS: Idiot sister in law

And ways. The first Christmas I went to their place for dinner, my brother mentioned to me that his wife had put Liverwurst in the stuffing, but had cooked it in a pot separate from everything else. So when we sit down to dinner, IS keeps watching me.

IS: aren’t you having the stuffing?

Me: No, sorry, I’m very allergic to liver.

IS: that’s not a real allergy, you just don’t like the taste. Eat some or the kids won’t touch it.

Bro: no it’s true, she nearly died once when we were kids after being forced to eat it.

IS didn’t argue further and the night went well.

Basically the same thing happened at Thanksgiving, she put the liverwurst in the stuffing and I didn’t eat it. That Christmas she told me that she couldn’t find liverwurst and wasn’t able to add it to the stuffing. So a few bites into dinner, I feel it, my throat starting to close. I don’t really remember what happened next, I panicked big time. I barely felt it when my epi pen was stabbed into my thigh and my youngest nephew bawling his eyes out. My brother had gotten my epi pen from my purse and used it, while one of our mutual friends was calling 911. I was lying on the floor and my head was killing me. My brother ran into the kitchen and started digging though the trash and yep, you guessed it, she HAD put the liverwurst in the fucking stuffing. He was PISSED. The ambulance arrived and took me to the ER, I had hit my head on the windowsill when I fell and needed stitches, and ended up stating overnight for observation.

Merry Christmas, am I right?

Few days later, my IS drops by my apartment unannounced wanting to speak with me. I had just finished cleaning and was running the dish washer. She didn’t come to apologize really, she just said she thought I was fibbing about my allergy and wanted to prove it. I was still pissed with her and doubly so because the stitches in the scalp made washing my hair insanely difficult. She also wanted me to talk to my brother, who had was still furious that she sent his big sister to the hospital over something childish.

Me: What kind of person lies about being allergic to something. Also, I’m in my fucking 30s, if I chose not to eat something, that’s MY choice to make.

She didn’t have anything to say on that, but notices my dishwasher running.

IS: whys you dishwasher running?

Me: I’m baking a fucking cake in there, what do you think I’m doing?

IS: you’er a single person, how YOU use enough dishes to warrant using a dishwasher?

Me with zero fucks given at this point: You’re a stay at home mom, why is your house always a fucking pig pen?

I know, a little mean, but i wanted her to leave.

She left at that and didn't speak to me for 2 or 3 months after that.  


Edit: Thx for much for the silvers :)   
also, for those who asked, I honestly think she wasn't trying to kill me, but she's one of those people who enjoy proving others wrong. Its like an mental disorder with her. Also, no real medical fees, we live in Canada and my work place has some decent benefits, including semi private hospital stays.  Also, I didn't press charges, I didn't want to put my brother though that. She did get a reality check, some therapy (my brother's insistence)  and eventually apologized.  We actually have a good relationship now, including making me god mother for their youngest daughter when she was born./nA bit of background: 2 kids (9-ED and 10-ES) in my neighbourhood were homeschooled. They also had very religious parents who were convinced they could do no wrong. The children were generally very annoying and entitled due to their isolation from society from homeschooling.

So anyways, one day me and my younger brother (8-B) were playing in our front garden, just running around like the children we are. (I was about 12, so slightly older than everyone else in this story.) So we were playing happily when the EKs come out of their house and over to our lawn.

ES: (boastingly) What are you losers doing?

Me: We’re playing

ED: Well I bet you’re not even good at the game. My brother is the fastest boy I know

Probably because they knew no one else. I swear the only time thy left their house was for church every Sunday.

B: No, my brother is the best runner

Thanks lil bro.

He then challenges me to a race to the end of our neighbourhood, first one there wins. Okay, fair.

ES: 3-2- (starts running) -GO

I easily start catching him and am about to pass him about halfway down the road when he reaches into his pocket, and no joke, pulls out a pocket knife. He then proceeds to STAB ME IN THE ARM as I am running. I of course yell out in pain and stop running with the knife still sticking out of my arm.

On the verge of tears I get up and walk back to my house, clutching my arm, now bleeding quite a bit. The ED taunts me about losing the race, ES cheering and shouting from the other end of te street, as I go inside my house to get my mum, my arm and left side of my jumper now completely red (It was quite deep, he had really gone for the kill) . She is just in the kitchen, right next to the front door, so quickly came to see me repainting the floor. 

She immediately asks what happens after running to get her first aid kit. (She is a primary school teacher so is trained in first aid) I explain through tears, as it really f*cking hurt. She goes outside to confront the ES, who has now cornered my B and is taunting him, along with ED, about how slow his brother is. B is now crying also and my mum is furious.

Holding back punches, she yells at the ES for a full 5 seconds about violence before the neighbours door bursts open... and out waddles EM!

EM: WHAT THE F*CK DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING YELLING AT MY SON?

M: Your son just stabbed my son! What the hell is he doing with a kni-

EM: THAT’S HIS POCKET KNIFE THAT HE GOT FOR HIS BIRTHDAY. WHERE HAVE YOU PUT IT?

M: (confused but still very angry) What?

EM: I SAID, WHERE HAVE YOU HIDDEN MY SON’S KNIFE! THAT’S HIS PROPERTY AND I DEMAND YOU GIVE IT BACK RIGHT NOW OR I WILL CALL THE POLICE!

My mum is stunned into silence for a few seconds, during which I have left the house, as I have now bled though the bandage she has quickly put on and am feeling faint.

EM: THERE IT IS! GIVE IT BACK YOU LITTLE SHIT.

She had noticed the knife poking out of my arm, which my mum had left in as to not make the wound any bigger. The EM then stormed past my mum and yanked it out of my arm, along with a small chunk of flesh. At this point I lost consciousness as I had lost quite a bit of blood and the pain from the flesh being ripped was the final straw.

After that, I am told my mum called 999 while the EM and EKs ran inside their house and locked the door. I was taken to the hospital where I was given a blood transfusion and was properly bandaged up. Turns out a major vein in my arm had been cut, so it was pretty bad.

In the end, the ES and ED were put in foster care after CPS looked into their “homeschooling” and EM ended up serving some time in prison. My mum did not press any charges as her presence in the church and primary school had given her a kind heart for children with poor parents.

I recovered pretty quickly and got a nice cool scar to show to my friends.

CPS found that the EKs knew next to nothing in Maths, English and Science and had instead been indoctrinated about God and the Bible during their homeschooling.

This is in England so the NHS covered the full treatment, no need to press charges to cover costs, only for revenge.

Edit: Thanks for all the support, my karma levels look like a measles outbreak in an antivaxxer town, love you all. And silver? What an honour, thank you very much u/winddxx25 and u/YourBasicGayFoxxo although the anonymous user can keep their secrets. Next stop, VoicyHere???

Edit 2: PLATINUM, WHAT??? THIS IS INSANE, thank you so much anonymous user and u/TripleDankNibba, you have truly made my day/nExcuse the formatting as I'm on mobile, and obligatory "this happened last week". Also excuse any grammar mistakes as English is my second language, and I only moved here when I was 14.

Last Thursday I was picking my little brother up from school, and apparently they had this activity with parents for the younger children (it's a huge school with pre-school, elementary, middle, and high school). It was the end of the school day and, as my brother got in my car, a man (EP) and his son (S) approached my window. The guy was as white as they come, but his son was black. Later my brother told me the kid was adopted, and he was pretty cool even though he was, like, 10. I pull the window down to hear what he wants to tell me, and the conversation goes as follows:

[You know how it is: EP = Entitled Parent; S = EP's son; B = Brother; Me = The Holy Spirit]

EP: "Hey, do you think you could take me and my son home? My car is busted and my wife had to drop us off in the morning, but she's had an emergency and can't pick us up."

S (at my brother): "Hey (B)"

B (at his son): "Hi (S)"

Me: "Anyway... I guess I can if it's near my way. Where do you need to go?"

The EP proceeds to tell me an address I didn't know and had to look up, and it turns out it was an hour and a half away, and on top of that the other way from where I (and my brother) live.

Me: "Jeez, sorry man it's nowhere near my way. Sorry, but I can't take you."

EP: "But I have work to do and my son has the math tutor coming over! Look, I'll pay you $20"

Me: "Again, sorry, but I'm not going all the way to a place an hour and a half away and far away from my own home. I wish you luck on your search."

S (at EP): "Let it go, Dad. We can ask someone else."

EP (at his son): "Silence, (S), and learn how you have to act for when it's your turn to do this in the future."

EP (at me): "Listen here, kid. You WILL take me and my son home NOW."

Me: "I don't take orders from you."

EP: "It's because my son's black, isn't it? That's illegal. I'll have you ARRESTED for discrimination. I'm a hard-working father who voluntarily adopted a son and I sacrifice myself every day for him, and you won't do this one thing for me? What a brat."

Me: "What the hell? Listen man, I don't owe you shit and you can't have me arrested for that. Learn the law and fuck off. Call a fucking cab."

At this point I drove off. I don't know why I didn't do so earlier, and I felt bad swearing in front of the guy's kid, but what's done is done. Him and my brother have no quarrel and they both agreed the next day that the EP was at fault. I told the story at the dinner table that weekend and my whole family had a good chuckle at what a garbage parent the guy was./nSo, my aunt, let's call her EA. Her computer is broken because of her 8-year-old son. I set up the computer some time ago and I thought it went really well. It has a GTX 1080 in it and I was really fond of it. I really wanted to make it my own computer. Anyway, about a week ago, my aunt called me and said her computer was broken. She said it was just a black screen. I told her I will do some testing and will finish the repair it for some money. I went over there with my bag of "Goodies" (Windows 10 installation drive, Ubuntu Mate, Ethernet, Etc.) I knocked and she was very nice, I proceeded to go over to the computer and she was right, the computer did not boot, I'm not going into to detail of how I fixed it, it was just a backup then reinstallation of windows and restoration and tada.

&#x200B;

Anyway when I was finished, I installed a raspberry pi to monitor the computer and stuff. Anyway, I finished and asked for some money. This is how it goes.

&#x200B;

Me - Hi EA, can I get some money please?

EA - Ignores me

Me - Hello? I  spent a long time..

EA - No, get out.  
Me - No? You owe me money

&#x200B;

We have an argument about how she can't afford the computer repair even tho it was was like 20 dollars... Either way, I came home without my money, anyway, I was feeling very venous and I logged into the raspberry pi and I forcefully deleted windows, although I kept the backup. I know her son doesn't know shit and she doesn't know shit. So I waited. About when I was going to sleep, she called me. The conversation went like this.

&#x200B;

EA - Hi \[Me\] Sorry about today, can you come by? My computer isn't working...

Me - Oh? Not working? Well sorry, you're in debt so...  
Ea - Excuse me? I will call your mother and tell her about everything!

Me - My mother; I will tell her about you not paying me.

By now, I was very mad.

Ea - Who's she going to believe? Her son or her sister you kid.

I hung up and I felt very mad. I SMS bombed her phone for an hour. I turned it off and went to sleep. Woke up and I kinda feel bad, I went over to her house and offered to fix the computer. I did my thing and left without asking for payment. About a week later, I had to come back to fix the computer this went on for a straight 2 weeks. I was done. I asked for payment in which was denied. No. One of the conversations went like this:

&#x200B;

Me - Can I please have a payment? It's 20 dollars. Besides I'm fixing your computer for 2 weeks now. Can't I get something?

Ea - No. You're my sister's son and you owe me this.

Me - Please?

Ea - No.

&#x200B;

By the time we reached here, I was done. I wanted to know why the computer was always broken. Turns out someone was watching pornography on the computer and downloaded something. HM........ First I saw the time was about at night time. I thought it was the kid. But no... It was the fucking EA. When I came up with evidence, the conversation went like this.

&#x200B;

Me - So, you've been watching some porn huh?

Ea - What? No! I would never

Me - Pull out the raspberry pi, present the evidence.

Ea - No! Son! Get over here

I actually like her son, he's very nice and I don't see him as entitled.

Me - Stop downloading things you don't understand. You're wasting my time. The next time you call me over, I don't be here to fix your computer.

Ea - Picks up the raspberry pi and smashes it on the ground.

The raspberry pi was about 50 dollars.

Me - HEY! What the fuck!? YOU OWE ME.

Ea - No I don't get the hell out of here.

Me - I get out grabbing the smashed raspberry pi.

&#x200B;

You would think this would end right? No.

&#x200B;

A week later, she asks me to come over to fix her computer. I agreed but I was about to do something. I was done. So, I came over to her computer and got the GTX 1080 and the SSD and the ram that was in it. When she was in the kitchen feeding her son, I left quietly as I could. I said I was done, but I couldn't fix it. (I also took out the power supply so it wouldn't turn on) I still have the GTX 1080 and the SSD and ram today. It's in my computer which it's doing a better purpose than porn.

&#x200B;

So, after a week. She threw the computer out and gave it to me. SWEET. It's now my home server./nbackstory: i'm a 13 year old who enjoys skateboarding, but the skatepark at my town isn't for me, so i skate the sidewalks and parking lots. boards are normally ~$150 but i cash out on stickers (its a skater thing, makes the board last longer), and it was the first one i bought myself. i ride a size 8, which most adults ride.

Me: me
Entitled Dad: ed
Kid: kid

so i was cruising on a sidewalk when a presumably 30 year old man steps in front of me a good 10 ft(3m) in front of me so i stop.

ed: what are *you* doing. don't you have school? (it was spring break, but he's not a mind reader, so i gave him a pass) 

me: oh, no. its our spring break at my school.

ed: stop lying to me do i look like some sort of moron??

me: i'm not lying. here ill even show-

ed: you know what PUNK? how about for lying STRAIGHT to my face, i think my son should get that skateboard of yours there. hows that sound, huh nicky?

kid: (keep in mind this kid probably hasn't even learned multiplication) wow it looks so cool! can i wreally have it?? 

me: nonono, this cost $200 of MY money. PLUS the trucks are too loose, hell fall right off!(trucks are the metal part that hold the wheels to the wood part, loose=wobbly, and very loose turning). there is no way in HELL you are getting this.

ed: WHAT DID YOU SAY TO ME?? I WILLL CALL YOUR MOM RIGHT NOW, GIVE ME YOUR PHONE! (stands with his hand out expectingly)

me: no, i have the right to keep MY phone in MY OWN POCKET.

ed: you know what? all you skateboarders do is FUCK UP our city! you don't even KNOW what hard work is!! you can FUCK off with your skateboard you stupid PUNK!

me: hey kid, do NOT repeat this word, its a very bad word(he was definitely going to repeat it)

me: FAGGOT 

ed: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY IN FRONT OF MY SON!!?!!!?!

i managed to make it to an old hangout he was too big to get in, and he ended up leaving. I've seen him, but i don't know if he's seen me, but i haven't had to interact with him, so thats good. hope he moves.

edit: i used the slur so his kid would hopefully learn it, and say it in public, embarrassing his dad/nContext: my state has a Stand your ground law where if you feel you or someone else’s life is in danger you have the right to defend yourself. This is the one story I don’t often tell, but I felt the need to talk about it. 

I legally conceal carry a glock 19 9mm pistol. the main reason I do is because my city has a VERY high crime rate. When I got my permit I never thought I’d ever have to use my carry in anyway shape or form (better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it kinda deal.) well one day I just got done shopping at  my local Walmart and was unloading things into my car which I had just bought the week before. It’s a 2018 Honda Civic sport. Not the fanciest car in the world but my mechanic friend and I messed with it a bit and I looks decent yet sporty. As I was loading my things a man approached me. He was a gym rat type but a little older. Maybe late 30s, extremely muscular about 6 foot. I myself am 20 6’4” and fairly toned but not bulky. So he walked up to my car with the most shit eating grin I’ve seen and starts asking me about it, I tell him some of the stuff I’ve done to it (it’s really not that special just a bit faster than stock) and he asks if he can buy it off of me for his son who’s about to be 16. Here’s how the conversation goes:

ED- So bro, have you ever thought about selling it?

Me- not really I just bought it last week so I don’t really want to-

ED- Damn bro, I was gonna ask if I could buy it off of you. My son turns 16 soon and I want to give him a cool as car like yours! 

Me- sorry dude. I can’t just sell it then I’d have no car. 

ED- cmon man I’ll give you a good price! hows $10,000 sound? 

Keep in mind it’s a $23,000 car stock. 

Me- like I said man no sale especially with a low ball like that. I chuckle. 

At this point ED starts to get visibly angry and I just want to go home. 

ED- you call that a low ball dude? This car isn’t worth more than that no matter WHAT you do to it. I need this car for my son man!

Me- the answers no, get lost. 

At this point I open my door to get in and ED grabs my left arm (which probably saved my life here and my car since my pistol is holstered on my right hip.) and pins my body against my car. 

ED- (in that sort of whisper yelling tone) no one tells me no. Now you’re going to give me this car or I’m going to take it from you pussy!

I can see the roid rage in his eyes so I quickly move my right hand to my holster and draw my pistol 

Me- GET THE FUCK OFF ME BITCH RIGHT FUCKING NOW (if you saw my chipotle post this is me using the terrifying voice that the military has given me) 

I now have my pistol pressed against his head and I know that if he doesn’t let go i will have to use force. He slowly lets go and takes a small step back, I still have my weapon drawn and it’s still pointed at him but my finger is now off the trigger. Keep in mind this part all happened in a matter of seconds. 

ED- (looking out the corner of his eye and the gun pressed against his head) alright man, you drive a hard bargain. He says with his hands raised slightly 

Me- Now turn around and walk away. NOW! 

He turns and walks away like nothing happened and even has the nerve to say “have a good one bro”. I re holstered my pistol and got in my car and started to drive off. But I parked in the next parking lot to just kinda calm down. It’s a terrifying thing to have to draw a weapon on someone and I hope no one ever has to do it themselves. But I will always fight for what is mine. And to be honest this dude is very lucky I have great discipline because if it was anyone else who was carrying he could’ve been dead in that parking lot. And with the CCTV it would’ve been justified. And to this guys “kid” (I say this but honestly I think he was just trying to mug me) I hope your dickhead dad found a car for you and didn’t hurt anyone to get it. I really like this sub because I personally have so many encounters with entitled parents that I can finally share and that makes me really happy! If you guys wanna hear more let me know!

So in conclusion, don’t try to force someone to give you something. Because you never know how they are gonna fight back. 

Edit 1: [this is my car](https://imgur.com/gallery/RSN8ped)  it’s nothing special but I work hard to get it

Edit 2: [This is my holster](https://imgur.com/gallery/cwQbLu5) if anyone was curious

Edit 3: HOLY FUCK! thank you guys so much for the support! It means a lot because as I said I don’t tell this story much. 
 
Edit 4: 2k upvotes!!! Thank you guys so much!

Edit 5: Thank you random person for the gold! My first award!!/nHey, long time lurker, big fan of this sub,  but let me give you a bit of context before the story starts :

I'm a psychology student, currently trying to get my master's degree. And in my country, in order to validate your degree, you have to do a 6 months long interniship in a practice, where you get to treat your first patients under superversion (this means after each session you do a debriefing with your superverisor where you discuss the case and how to proceed next). I'm doing my internship in a children's clinic as my specialization is in chidren and teenager's psychology.

It's also important to know that in my country, *a lot* of children are diagnosed with ADHD or " high potential " (basically : a really high IQ), and this represent a fair share of the children we see at my clinic. And therefore, since a few years, it has become a vicious circle : Everytime a kid acts out a little bit in class, the parents immediatly think they must be diagnosed either with ADHD or high potential (although in my opinion, most of the time they're just children being children, you can't expect to be calm and quiet all the time, sometimes all they need is a bit of discipline when they really do something wrong). I don't know if it's much of a problem in other coutries, so I thougt it was better to make that clear.

Ok, now time for the story, I think I don't have to give you the cast but just in case : Me (well... Me) GS (Great Supervisor), EM and EK. Oh, and also, english is not my first language so please, be kind.

So it was just a regular day at the clinic I already had two or three appointments and they all went pretty great, at least according to GS. My next patient was EK and they were the last one I was going to see before my lunch break. They were scheduled for 11 AM and from what I could gather by what they told the receptionist on the phone, EM wanted EK to take an IQ test because they've been acting out in school, apparently because " they're too smart and get bored because it's too easy for them, the school wants me to prove it to them so that EK can go directly to the next grade ". She was not the first parent to ask for that and I always try to keep an opened, non-judgemental state of mind so I was like yeah, maybe that's exactly what's happening, maybe EK really is bored in class because they're too smart, it happens you know.

Boyyyy was I wrong. First of all, the WISC-V, which is the test we use to test the IQ with children, takes quite a long time to run through entirely, and it is really not recommended to stop at the middle of the test and do the rest later, because you will not be in the same state the first time and the next, and that can really affect your results in the end. So when a parent wants us to test their child's IQ, we warn them to be on time and that the process can take quite the time too, so they should be prepared for that. Since I'm still supervised, we also have to film the room where the test happens, just to see if I do it right, as some of the test's item must be put in a certain way and not another, and I have to say instructions in some exact words, so it's just to check that how the test was done was not unbiased (this will be important later).We also warn the parents about that on the phone, and ask them to come a bit earlier than the time scheduled so that they can sign the consent form for the film. So as you can understand, being on time  / early is something that we really put a focus on the first time we speak with the parents.

EP and EK showed up 30 minutes late. My opened, non judgemental state of mind kind of started to be tested. EP went through the consent form with the receptionist, and after that she said she'd just wait at the reception until EK's done with their IQ test. I told her that she might want to wait at the cafe right next to our clinic, that she will be way more comfortable waiting there as it will take some time for EK to take the whole test. She responded something like " What, are you sponsored by this café ? I don't want to pay  anything just to wait, the IQ test costs a lot already ". I looked at her and just shrug, and took EK to the testing room. I tried really hard to forget about this interaction with EM. She was the one that annoyed me, not EK, so let's not redirect my anger for her towards them, I thougt.

But they quickly proved that the apple had not fallen far fom the tree. Before we arrived in the room, while we were walking in the hallways, they kept telling how they were gonna ace this test, how they're so intelligent and how they can't wait to skip a grade. Sure bud, whatever. During the test, they start all their answers by " Well obvisouly the right answer is... " or some kind of similar phrases. They really wanted to show me that they were smart. Once the test is done, I walk them back to their mom, who was shouting and the receptionist, asking what took so long. She saw us and said " Finally ! I've been waiting for like an hour ! " to which I responded " Well, I did tell you it would take some time ". She stared at me for a few seconds, sighed and rolled her eyes like I just said the most annoying thing in the world and asked me when they could get the results. I told her I had to get them checked by my supervisor before telling her anything. She then said " Oh, so we have to wait again ?! " and I said yes. I told her that we would call them in the afternoon for the results. She raised her arms, grabbed EK and left.

During lunch I go through the results with my supervisor and we discover that EK.... has an IQ of 104. Which is clearly average, and far from the IQ you need to be diagnosed as high potential. My supervisor watches the video of the testing, and says I've done everything right and that I can call EM to tell her. Whis is exactly what I do. And she is furious. She says she doesn't believe me and just hangs up. Twenty minutes later or so, she barges in the clinic and demands to see me. I was just finished with another patient so I tell the receptionist to tell her to come to my office. Which she does.

She yells at me for about ten minutes. " HOW DARE YOU SAY MY CHILD IS NOT SMART " "this is not what I sai- " " THEN HOW DO YOU EXPLAIN HOW THEY GET BORED IN SCHOOL " " well maybe it's becau--" " YOU'RE JUST A STUDENT YOU'RE NOT AN ACTUAL PSYCHOLOGIST, I WANT A REAL PSYCHOLOGIST TO TEST MY CHILD " " actuall- " " MY CHILD IS THE SMARTEST IN THE WORLD HOW DARE YOU "

At this point everyone in the clinic can hear her rant, even my supervisor. So GS comes in my office and asks if everything is ok. " NO, NOT EVERYTHING IS OK THIS DUMB STUDENT HERE SAYS MY CHILD ISN'T SMART YOU NEED TO TEST THEM AGAIN "GS looks at me and tells me to leave and that he'll handle it. From what I've heard, GS stayed very calm while explaining to EM that no, 104 IQ is not high potential and maybe she should see the problem form another angle. That he watched the videos of the testing and that I didn't to anything wrong. He stayed so calm during his explanations, I was really impressed. I don't think I could have kept my cool like that. You know, they warn you about entitled parents in psychology classes, but geez, I did not expect that./nWhen I was in college,  I was the Assistant Manager of a  four screen movie theater in a small town.  In the summer time,  many children's movies would be released and Disney would rerelease classic kids movies.  So, we would usually put the kids movie in our biggest theater because assholes would pull up in a van open the door and drop off 10 kids with cash and peel out to get away as fast as possible. 

Sometimes,  as a manager,  I had to work double shifts. This was one of those days.  I  don't remember this woman buying the movie tickets and dumping her kids off, but from what I later learned,  she did so for our first showing of the kids movie.

We lock the entrance doors 30 minutes after the last film starts. All the exit doors are open until we closed. At ten o'clock that night, the kids movie had been over for about 45 minutes.  A woman began pounding on the exit door from outside.  I  opened it and asked her how I could help her.

"I need to get in, my kids are inside. " said Entitled Mother (EM from here forward ). I had just ushered the active theaters and didn't see any children in the adult oriented films (rated R not porn).

"Which movie did they see?" I asked.  She named the kids flick that had let out 45 minutes earlier.  "I am sorry,ma'am,  but that film ended nearly an hour ago and we have already cleaned the theater. There is no one in there. " 

She demanded that she look. She seemed frazzled so i agreed and turned on the house lights in the kid film theater. She walked up and down the aisles looking down each row. We clean the rows individually but I didn't think that information would help the situation.  She then demanded to check the other theaters. I  accompanied her to the front of each one and let her look using the light from the screen to look at the audience.  She finally agreed that the kids weren't in the theater. 

"Well, what are you going to do about it? " EM demanded. I was stunned because my responsibilities do not include babysitting patrons. I  told her so.  "I dropped off my 9 year old,  7 year old and four year old at YOUR theater this afternoon.  YOU had custody of them at that point. They are missing.  What are you going to do about it? "

I said,  "This afternoon?  You expected them to stay here for 9 hours? By the way,  it is not my responsibility to take care of your children for 9 hours. I actually have a business to run. You should have accompanied your children to the one film you bought tickets to and then taken them home. If you couldn't be bothered to do that, you should have checked the ending time of the movie and told your kids when you were going to pick them up and where to wait. Expecting me, a stranger,  to parent your children better than you are willing to is stupid on your part. " This did not go over well.  She flipped out and started cursing at me. Then she threatened to call the police on me.  I  had had enough and demanded she leave so I could finish my paperwork and get ready for the rest of the movies to let out. She left screaming and cursing. 

I am counting out our banks for the next day when I hear a banging on the exit door again.  I  was pissed and ready to call the cops on this bitch.  Exiting my office,  I see she is back with a  police officer.  I  opened the door and let them in. The officer said,  "Hello ma'am,  this woman said that you are holding her children here against her will and she wants them back." At that point, two of the theaters open and the guests start leaving. I explain to the officer what actually happened and that I had allowed her to search the theater already.  

He let out a deep sigh, looked at her, and then asked,  "May I search the theaters myself? " 

"Of course!"

He searched the theaters that were empty first and by the time he got to the last one it was letting out. He told EM that the children were not there. She demanded that he charge me for losing her children.  He explained that if anyone gets charged with neglect it would be her. She started to cry and he escorted her out thanking me.

I  never found out what happened to the kids, if they were found, if EM was charged,  so I have no satisfactory ending.  Sorry./nIMPORTANT DISCLAIMER: *Story by my good friend u/matteohno, who couldn't post due to not enough comment karma, and was too lazy to actually get enough comment karma. This story is exactly as how he typed it and send it to me and will therefore be from his POV*

This happened two years ago, when I was 17 (I had my license but was only allowed to drive in supervision of an adult). I had just gotten my very first car, a light brown Trabant 601 from 1963, which I actually still drive and love very much.

Warning: Dialoge may or may not vary from actual events as it did happen two years ago, however, most of it is accurate as it is still vividly in OP's memory.

Particularly, this happened shortly after I took my boyfriend out for a nice dinner date. We had just finished paying and went outside to drive home, when I noticed a lady standing next to my car, looking inside ominously through the passenger window.

The cast:  EM: you guessed it  S: my awesome hunk of a boyfriend Sebastian  RG: random guy  PO: Police Officer   OP/Me: the high king of Westeros

S, speed-walking towards her: "Hey! What are you doing?"

EM: "Oh I was just looking at this car..."

Me: "Okay? Could you please not?"

EM, completely ignoring me: "My mother drives that exact model, even in the same colour."

Me: "Cool... Could you back off now?"

EM: "Don't you raise your voice at me boy!"

S: "Lady, it's his car. So would you please leave?"

EM not even missing a beat: "YOU STOLE THIS CAR FROM MY MOTHER!"

S: "Calm down! It's his bloody car!"

Me: "I'll show you the damn keys if you don't believe him."

EM: "Yeah right, you don't even have them!"

Me, fishing the car keys out of my pocket, which had a lot of decorations on them (one of which being a tiny Spider-Man figurine): "See, it's my car."

EM: "But you're like 15 you can't even drive! And you're WAAAY too young to drive that model!"

S: "He has a fucking license you moron! And even if he was underage, he would still be allowed to drive with me in the passenger seat." 

EM then proceeds to snatch the keys out of my hands and tucks them into her giant purse.

Me: "Hey! Give me back my keys!"

EM: "ASSAULT! THESE FAGGOTS ARE TRYING TO STEAL MY CAR!!" 

Now, I was just baffled and did not know what to say at all. S didn't dare try to get the keys back, because he knew that if he did, he'd actually be charged with assault or something along those lines.
An older man that was about to enter the restaurant heard the woman screaming, came towards us and asked what happened.

EM: "They tried to steal my car! And even hurt me!"

Me: "No we didn't! That's my car, this cunt just stole my keys and is now acting like we're the offenders!"

RG: "Uhhh... Okay I'll just call the police and let them deal with it."

About ten minutes after his call, an officer arrived at the scene. First he asked EM what had happened and she told her bullshit story of how she was about to get in the car when S and I came up to her, pushed her out of the way and tried to steal it. Then he asked me what happened and I told him the truth.

PO: "EM would you please show me your license, the keys and the vehicle documents?" (Idk what they're called in english, basically the documents that show it's her car)

The EM suddenly got very pale and reluctantly gave the officer the keys and her license.

EM: "The keys are mine, the little figure belongs to my son. He loves Super-Man."

The officer raised one of his eyebrows suspiciously and asked for the vehicle documents again. She obviously couldn't find them and said that she "unfortunatly hadn't had them right now." The officer then asked me to retrieve the documents, which I did and they showed that I was in fact the owner of this car.

PO: "Ma'am you are arrested for false accusations, attempted theft and discrimination."

EM: "YOU CAN'T DO THIS! I didn't say anything bad!"

PO: "To my knowledge you called these young men a homophobic slur, accused them of sonething they didn't do and tried to get them falsely arrested which is, by law, discrimination."

EM got silent and just followed the officer to the police car. I got all my necessary items back and S and I drove home. 
S' parents had a good laugh about our story when we told them about it over the phone.

Tldr: EM accuses me of stealing my own car, steals my car keys, calls me and my boyfriend faggots and gets offended when she is called out on her bullshit and arrested.


Edit: I know that calling someone a faggot is not a criminal offense. It was an officer in training who got sent to deal with the problem. He might've made a mistake with the discrimination part.

Edit 2: Yes, Homophobia is illegal in the UK and as far as I know also in Ireland (which is where u/matteohno lives)

Edit 3: it was a Spider-Man figure, the EM was trying to sound more believable

Edit 4: Nobody specifically asked but I see a lot of comments about the driving age. My friend is now 19, he got his license at 16 1/2. When this happened, he was 17 and his boyfriend was 21, thus he was allowed to drive, but only with an adult in the passenger seat.

Edit 5: Thanks you can stop commenting about the damn registration now, I fucking get it xD/nThis happened about 2 years so sorry if I forgot some of the story, also I'm on mobile 

me and my boyfriend had decided to go out to eat that day, we ended up going to Wendy's, less then two minutes go by and a morbidly obese woman walks in with her husband and two kids, enter entitled mom 

Her ek was acting obnoxious, screaming, and running around the Wendy's, her other kid was really quiet and just sat in his seat, ek spots us and yells "are those two boys dating? EWW!!" this seem to catch the attention Karen

"Honey, stay away from those two men, They might try to molest you" I turned around and told her "you know that's extremely rude? Right"

She went into a rant about how she trying to protect her baby from dirty pedophiles like us. An elderly couple in the booth across from us just told her to "SHUT THE HELL UP!" 
 
She screamed at the top of lungs but I couldn't make out what she was saying, all I heard was quiet kid saying "mommy, can we please go home now" Karen ignored him and he started to cry a little

Karen turned to us and said "your filthy sinning Mexicans, Trump should deport f@gs like you back to Mexico" (were not even Mexican) I was at a loss of words my bf stepped in and said "woman, can we just eat our damn food?"

A employee came over a said "ma'am, I gonna have to ask you to leave" the dad sounded like he was about to cry, he just yelled at Karen "THIS IS WHY I CAN'T TAKE YOU ANYWHERE, YOU CAN'T JUST LET PEOPLE EAT THEIR F**KING FOOD" he stormed out and Karen started banshee screeching while grabbing her two crying kids.

Moral the story, just let people eat their food

Edit: thank you all for 420 upvotes, can we hit 42069/nBit of a content warning, I got sick in this story, and i have to mention what came up. so if you have a sensitive stomach, I recommend not reading this.   


Cast:  
ED: Eternal Dickhead.  
EB: Clumsy dickless bastard.  
Brother (Bro): Lord of Awesome.  
Me: The gross one.  


My brother is in college at this time, and I was in High School. Bro was in college on a Sports Scholarship for Track and Field, and this was shortly after he earned an "All American" title at said college. He was home for the summer, and we were spending time together. He got me a large slushie, Cherry flavored (Important), and we went to the park for a walk.  


Now, after I was done drinking it, I threw it out and went to the bathroom. When I came out, I saw my brother talking to two people, a man and his son. I am not a bright person, so I completely missed how angry they looked as I came over.  


ED: You should had lost that race! You're a F\*\*\*King Cheater!  


Bro: I did not Cheat, I won fair and square.  


EB: >walks up closer to my brother< You tripped me! You f\*\*King tripped me and won!  


I got up next to Bro, and I recognized these two. Apparently, at the last race my brother was in, EB was racing Bro. I remember it clearly in my head, because we were so worried when EB suddenly fell and went rolling. He was far ahead of everyone, and while my brother had been right behind him, there was no way he could had tripped him.  


Me: >being not bright< Hey! You tripped! He was behind you, and he couldn't-  


ED: Shut up you >C-Word<! You weren't there!  


Bro was frowning at that. My brother is 6'2, I forget how much he weights, and he not only ran fast, but lifted weights, so he was not a wimp. He's not a violent man, but he had to admit to me later that he wanted nothing more than to throttle that man for calling me that.

&#x200B;

EB: >Tries to take a swing at my Bro<  


Bro: >Dodge< get the hell away from me, I'm not fighting you!   


The light bulb in my dead dimmed a little more as I got between them.   


Me: Bro, can we go home now?  


\>WHAM<  


EB punched me RIGHT in the stomach, with me doubling over. My brother would had dove at him, and probably got in trouble for beating him to death at that moment.  


Gross moment: He didn't do it because I threw up on him.  


I threw up that Slushie, all over him and some of it on his dad. It splashed over EB like a red tide. Now, it was pinkish in color, but apparently, they didn't realize it was a drink I had earlier.  


EB: What the F\*\*K?!  


ED: OH MY GOD IT'S BLOOD!  


They thought that EB punched me so hard, I was vomiting blood. They freaked the f\*\*k out and went running as I fell to my knees. I would had said something clever at that point, but I was in too much pain, and I was crying too hard.  


My brother called the police, and told them what happened. I was taken to a clinic. I was alright, aside from my stomach hurting, and still feeling a bit sick. From what I remember, the ED did try to say that my brother started the fight and it was my brother that punched me. The Police didn't fully believe me when I told them it was EB, they thought i was trying to protect Bro.  


EB did do the right thing, and say he was the one that punched me. He was scared I was in surgery, and felt terrible about it. Of course, he tried to take it back when he found out it was a drink I threw up, not blood. EB got arrested, but apart from losing his scholarship, I don't know what happened. ED lived in another town, so I don't know what happened to him.   


My Bro had plans to leave that week, but he stuck around for a little while longer to make sure I was OK. I was, and he bought me another Slushie before he left. Though, honestly, it took me a few years before I could get myself to go back to that park. /nSadly the EM in this story is my own mother. She has been acting extremely entitled for all of Father’s Day weekend and I have to share this here. I’m on mobile. 

On Saturday, we went out to dinner with my dad. (We like to have dinner the day before or after a holiday to avoid the crowds.) We took him to a steakhouse he really enjoys, where they serve bread and butter before the meals come out. 

My sister (S) was being cheesy and said, “Here you go DAD, I buttered your bread for you!” while handing him a piece of bread with butter lazily spread across it. My siblings and I all laughed at this. 

My sister then passed the bread around the table so everyone could take their own. Everyone was fine with this. Everyone except EM, of course.

EM: Umm, you didn’t butter my bread too? Can you do mine?

S: I buttered his because it’s Father’s Day, it’s not Mother’s Day!

Me: Yea don’t take this special treatment away from him! (Laughing)

EM: Wow. (angrily snatches bread away)

My sister and I share a look of confusion. 
My mother was actually getting offended by not having her bread buttered for her. 

The table went silent after that. My sister’s order came out wrong and she had to send it back, making her the only one without a plate. Everyone waited for her to get her new plate. 

Everyone, of course, except for EM.

EM finished her steak and potatoes in record time. She didn’t look up from her plate even once. She gave no fucks about my sister having nothing to eat at that moment. 

The following day, she continued the fun. 

I had to work on Father’s Day, just for 3 hours. I got out at 2pm and walked home in the rain, as my mother had ignored my texts asking for a ride home. On my way home, I decided to grab a pint of chocolate fudge brownie ice cream and an ice cream sandwich for my father (a little father’s day gift). The pint was big enough to be shared. 

When I got home, I gave it to my dad and he thanked me. That’s when EM enters.

EM: Okay, where’s mine?

Me: Your what?

EM: You got him an ice cream sandwich, where’s mine? 

Me: I didn’t get you one...?

EM: Seriously? I would NEVER come home with something for one person and not the other! That’s so rude. 

Me: Well that’s why I also bought a pint-

EM: Whatever, OP. (Storms off to her bedroom)

Edit: 
After this, my dad told me I had made my mother feel bad and that’s why she went to her room. Unfortunately, he’s used to her getting her way and treating him pretty badly. 
—
She literally expected special treatment... on Father’s Day??? She kind of reminds me of a little kid at a birthday party, when they get upset that they aren’t getting any presents./nOk so starting out this was a few years ago so my memory isn't the best on this story.

Anyways so when I was 6 or 7, I had my birthday party down at the local park, invited all my friends and I was having a lot of fun, eating lollies (candy), drinking soft drink and having bean bag races.

So there was a parent and her kid (EP and EK), who i did not know, that decided to join in. Sure, the more the merrier. Me and my friends didnt really pay much attention to EK because EK wasn't invited but we let him join in.

So a bit of time goes past and we noticed one of our bean bags was gone, we looked around and saw EP and EK walking off with the bag, so my brother and me run over to EP and try to get it back off EK.

EP says nothing but EK wont give it back, no words were spoken from them, me and my brother kept pulling on the bag and tried to get it back, telling EK multiple times to "Let go!" and "Give it back." EK finally let go and we went back to my party, no biggie, party continues.

EK and EP come back when im opening my presents, luckily my brother saw EK taking my presents and taking off with them, EP was holding his hand as they ran off with ( i think it was about 3) of my, still wrapped, presents.

My brother snatches the boxes back off EK and he apparently cried. (I was still with the actual party and didnt notice much of this until my brother got the presents and EP was shouting at my brother, in what we think was punjabi or somethin indian.

My brother returns with all my presents (thank ya very much) and EP shouts something at us and drags her crying kid to the car. To this day my family still have no clue who this EK was and what relations the EP had with anyone and we assume EP told EK to take what ever he felt like, so EK did.

EDIT 1: Holy moly this blew up thank ya to all who upvoted, just wanted to clear some things up,

1. Im Australian, lollies are the things you get from a supermarket, like jellybeans and those kinda things, not underage anime girls (some of yall need help)

2. I know indian isnt a language but, i was young and, this was 12 years ago so forgive me for not remembering all the details

3. My dad got quite annoyed with the lady the first time, didnt say anything because she thought we she was leaving, she came back and took the presents without any of us noticing *sneak 100*, thankfully my brother noticed

Edit 2: added a few grammar changes

/nThis is my first post to r/entitledparents and if I’m going to be honest I didn’t think that people like this actually existed, or that if they did it was mainly a USA thing. Since it’s my first post and I’m on mobile, sorry for bad formatting etc.

So I’m from the UK, and I recently visited New York with my family on Summer holiday. We got the subway basically everywhere and as with most big-city subways there were  plenty of colourful characters, so whilst I have never had an experience like this before, I wasn’t that surprised when this happened.

The Twin clowns 

EM - Entitled mother 

SNLB - snot nosed little brat

My family 
Me 
D - Dad
M - My mum
B - My brother (who isn’t really relevant because he was on his phone for the whole thing)

Backstory:
So I play rugby, and about a month prior to my encounter with EM I sustained an injury whilst playing, where the toenail on my big toe was completely torn out. As it regrew it began to in-grow and soon became infected. We went to the doctors and were given antibiotics (about 3 days before our trip to NYC).

And this is where our story begins. We were on a subway coming back from the Empire State Building, and it was time for me to take my antibiotic. I got out my pills and some water and took the pill. Everything’s fine and dandy. I look across the carriage and see EM and SNLB. SNLB is sitting there with this can of monster that’s about as big as him (he must have been about 7, solid parenting) and EM is on her phone. SNLB prods EM and whispers something to her, then points at me.
*Oh no*

EM gets up and strides across the carriage 

EM: Young man, is that candy you’ve got there 

Me: Err no, sorry. It’s my medicine.

EM: Don’t try that with me. That can’t 
be medicine, it’s not even in a         prescription bag. And it’s coloured!

(It was just in an orange box)

Me: I’m sorry Ma’am, It’s just my antibiotics. (Points at toe). What do you care if it’s candy anyway?

So far the whole conversation has been really quiet, and my parents haven’t noticed yet (It was quite a crowded carriage and they were sitting further away behind a group of people).

EM: I care if it’s candy because I think you’re being reaaal selfish not giving SNLB any, especially since he has to sit there watching you eat it.

Me: Honestly, it’s not candy!

EM: (Raising voice) Don’t bullshit me! I know that’s not medicine! Give it to me now!

(At this point my parents see what is happening and come over)

D: Hey what’s going on here?

EM: This little shit is taking drugs in front of my SNLB! He needs to be locked up, setting such a bad example to young children.

M: Well, this *little shit* happens to be my son, and I can tell you that he is on a course of antibiotics because of an infection, so will you just leave him alone?

EM: No! (To other passengers): This whole family is on drugs! Their crackhead son just attacked me!

Some guy on the train: Oh come on! I just saw you go over to him! Leave them alone!

B: Wait what just happened?

At this point, EK started doing these really fake sobs and saying things like “mommy he’s being meeaaaan” and “I want caaaandy”. EM went over to SNLB and started cooing over him and our stop was next so nothing really came of it. It really just surprises me that people like this exist. Kind of frightening too really./nThis isn’t exactly the most extravagant of stories but it just happened so I’ll get it down while it’s still fresh in my mind.

I have a healing wound on my arm, about 3 inches long, after an incident with a nail. It’s mostly healed but is weeping and scabbing, although it has definitely looked a lot worse. 

I’d stopped in a well known royal burger joint for some lunch before my upcoming doctors appointment to get it looked at again. The dressing that I had on it had started to come loose, as is expected after wearing it for over 5 hours. Knowing that a fairly busy restaurant was not the best place to start showing off the mess that is my arm, I finished my meal and then went into the toilets to adjust it. 

This particular toilet has one cubicle, sink and mirror, so I moved to one side to allow other people to use the facilities. Only two people came in - entitled mother and her very young (couldn’t be older than 4) child.

For starters, her child did not seem phased by my arm, he was too busy needing the toilet. EM however? Absolutely horrified.

“Can you do that somewhere else?”

Me; “not really, this is the only space that people aren’t eating, but I’ll be done in a second”

EM; “well, my son shouldn’t have to see your disgusting cut”

Me; “I’m sorry, but there’s really no other place to do it”

EM; “you should do it in the cubicle! And then go to the doctor you stupid mare!”

Me; “I’m on my way to the doctor now, I just didn’t want to start flashing it around in front of people eating. And if I was using the cubicle, no one else would be able to go to the toilet”

At this point her son was jumping up and down, so she took him into the cubicle, and I left. 

~ the doctor said my arm is healing well, and gave me some extra dressings ~ 

Some people.../nYes, she’s that dumb. 

If you guy didn’t know from the last post. my dad works at Maggies Paratransit. It’s a bus/taxi for old people. 
This one happened a few days ago.



Anyways, my dad is doing his job normally. Picking people up, dropping them off. Then he gets to this one house.
The person was probably hosting a party as there was loud music. Then, a woman approaches the bus.

Dad (D): Hello ma’am. What is your name?

Woman (W): What?!!? [shes already angry]

D: I asked what’s your name?

W: Just let me on the bus!

D: Ma’am what is your name?

W: Why do you need to know my name?!?! I payed for the bus, now let me on!

D: Ma’am, I need to know your name to make sure I have the right person

W: LET ME ON THE BUS RIGHT NOW!!!!!!!!!!


Everyone was staring out at her and some laughed at her stupidity and how she escalated from 100 to infinity with just a snap

D: Ma’am, I have been patiently asking for your name. If I pick up the wrong person, I could get fired.

W: I DON’T CARE, LET ME ON THIS BUS!!!! 

She then bangs on the glass like a brain dead gorilla. But she stops after 3 bangs as the glass is super strong and she ended up hurting her hands. 

W: “LET ME ON THIS BUS NOW, OR ELSE ILL REPORT THIS TO YOUR MANAGER

D: Ma’am, tell me your name, or else I’ll drive away.

W: FINE, ITS KAREN K. MCKAREN

D: Thank you, now you may get on the bus as I confirmed it’s you who payed.

W: (after getting on): Whatever. I’m surprised they haven’t fired you yet.

Then the rest of the day continues normally and my dad clocks out for home. And he didn’t even get a report.


“Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds” - Albert Einstein/n[Obligatory English is my first language joke, I’m on mobile]

This happened a while ago so my memory of the event is a little fuzzy, don’t hurt me. 

So a few years ago I was camping with my family and cousins. My mom’s friend also decided to come with us, bringing her 2 children and husband. Sure whatever, they aren’t that bad I guess.

EP: Moms friend, you know what EP is

EK: Entitled kid

Me: Barack Obama

Me and my cousins (about 4 of them were there, between ages 5 and 11) were bored so we decided to make a little film trailer on IMovie. We gathered together and decided to use a rather cool looking section of the forest behind a vacant campsite as our set. We asked EK if she’d like to join us and she declined, deciding to rather focus on some other activity. Ok, sure, no problem.

We headed into the forest and filmed a rather kickass horror movie trailer if I do recall, and then walked back to the main area where everyone was about an hour later. We showed the adults our film and they were all impressed by what a bunch of pre-teens and little children created. EK wasn’t happy, and got upset, telling her mom that she wanted to be in the movie but we wouldn’t let her.

Conversation went like this.

EP: Hey how come you didn’t let EK be in your movie?

Me: We asked her, she didn’t want to be.

EP: Well, then just refilm it!

Me: What?

EP: Delete the one you have there and refilm it with EK!

Me: We already spent over an hour making the movie and it’s getting late, we can’t refilm it.

EP: Just head back into that site and make it over again!


In what could have been either perfect timing or divine intervention, a truck towing a large trailer pulled into that very site and began to set up. We could no longer enter that part of the forest. EK was pissed, EP wasn’t happy, and the rest of us were happy with our little film. EP’s family has done other things that have rewarded them a bad reputation in our family group, and sighs often arise when they are so much as mentioned in a conversation. 

And that’s my story. 

/nSo about two weeks ago, I told you guys two stories about EK who made a mess in our living room, and EM who complained "salmon tastes like fish" without taking a single bite. In my second story, I told you guys about how I ran into her at grocery store, and after yelling at me for "humiliating" her, she tried to be all polite and invite herself and EK to steak night. My first story has been since removed (tried re-upload, got removed again), but you can still read my second story [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/b1uga9/i_ran_into_em_who_complained_about_salmon_tasting/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x).

Now after all this time, EM actually did call my parents asking them to talk with her over a tea/coffee. They were reluctant at first, but she sounded so sincere, so they decided to meet her. After meeting EM, what my parents told me was completely unexpected; EM was actually sorry.

Yep, you read that right. EM actually said she was sorry for both of them being rude and entitled on every Sunday at church leading up to that dinner party. She said after I verbally shut her down (she admitted I was right), she couldn't control her anger and threw the dish at me, which btw I dodged but it was plastered all over the wall. And after meeting me at the grocery store, EM told my parents what I told her really stuck with her.

EM was somehow able to afford therapist, financial/life coach, and has been trying to find a job ever since. Turns out, she actually had a BS in Medicine, but she never found a job with it because she was corrupted by her ex-husbands money. EM got her shit together and after multiple interviews, she was hired at local pharmacy and will be starting this week. "I can't rely on money from my family forever and welfare", said EM to my parents

EM also told my parents that she has let herself go astray from god, and although she won't be returning to our church, she will be attending elsewhere. Her life coach gave her advises on how to property raise her child. EK was surprisingly okay with the changes, and she has been trying to raise him right.

Lastly, EM did admit salmon was a fish, and after recreating the dish from that day she has really enjoyed it. My parents wished her the best, and three of them prayed together for her success.

I really couldn't believe what my parents told me, after seeing how sure she was two weeks ago, but I am glad EM is trying to act like a human being. I know this probably give you guys the typical justice boner, but I feel it is still a nice ending to EM's story.

EDIT:

A Gold? Thank you guys so much!/nOkay, so I literally created this Reddit account to tell this story. 
The story starts about 2 years ago. My mom was, and still is, a professional photographer. She has a business that makes somewhat decent money, but it's not enough to support all 4 of her children, myself included since I'm 15. This one family wanted her to film their daughter's wedding, and so my mom accepted. From the very get go, they were asking for discounts, and if the next meeting could be free, shit like that. Eventually, my mom somehow survived until the wedding and went to film it. She got there and there were the only the EPs, the bride, and the groom. My mom asks where all the guests were and the EM responds by saying that they didn't invite anyone in order to get a discount. My mom says how that's not happening. The EPs mumble and shit about stupid Asians, but my mom ignores them. Later, my mom edits the videos and sends them:10 Physical Copies and 3 Digital Copies of the video, not to mention the dozens of photos. A week later, we get a call from the EPs saying how their daughter's wedding whatevers were never received. We send more. Rinse and repeat for upwards of 3 months. My mom had soaked weeks into this wedding, and so we refused at about the whatever time, probably the 6th. 2 weeks later, we get a court date..
THE FUCKING EPs WERE SUING US FOR 2000 DOLLARS.
They were claiming we would never send the videos. During the court cases, my mom just gave up about sending the videos and paid the money because she has 4 children to take care of, and cant waste her time with this case.
That appeared to be the end of this story until about a month ago. We got a call from the police telling us that all of our videos and photos, from the wedding, were found in the EPs property. Turns out, the police got a search warrant to search for ED's whatever it was, I think it was weed, illegal where I live, and they found LITERALLY EVERY one of the videos/photos. The Daughter of the EPs, the bride, had actually received these videos but the Parents wanted to send them to their friends/family so they ran a scam, basically, on us. I would feel bad for the daughter but she claims I, being the 15 year old shady dude I am(Excuse me but what???), placed them there in an effort to steal cash from them. I didnt. Finding this out pissed my mom off and now were suing for double the amount they took from us, and were pressing charges for theft and emotional distress. Ah, karma. How great it is. This is one of the exciting times of my life, seeing those assholes in court with their angry lying bitch faces.
Edit:I've made a new post updating on what happened./nBit of backstory: my dad used to be in the Navy and was a single father of three. How on earth he did it is beyond me but he's a spectacular dad and somehow managed to raise us on his own with the help of my grandparents and the occasional nanny when he was overseas. We lived in base housing where everyone knew everyone and everyone had kids and family. It was honestly the safest and most relaxed setting one could grown up in. Being my dad was single, whenever we were out playing and dad wasnt with us, my older sister stepped up and was in charge of us because she was the oldest. Lucy, our across the street neighbor and the nanny for the the street, would sometimes watch us which I was fine with because her daughter, Sarah, was my best friend.

This happened when Lucy and her family were out of the house. My older brother and sister were still at school and I was told not to wander too far from our house while outside playing. We lived on the corner lot and had the biggest front yard, so it was common for most of the kids to hang out at our house. But I was too young to go to school and, aside from Sarah, there was one other kid my age in the immediate vicinity and she was across the street, shyly looking at me while she played with toys in her own yard.

Eventually, she left her toys and came over to play and introduced herself "Hi, I'm EK [entitled kid]." 

"Oh, I'm Kyle." I replied.

I dont remember saying much after that besides just picking at the grass and looking at the clouds and maybe riding bikes around the corner of the neighborhood. I'm pretty sure she called my house boring to which I said that having my brother and sister around made it less boring because then I could go to the park. She frowned and said she was an only child but that also meant she got a lot more toys. She then asked me if I wanted to come over and explained she had a super cool merry-go-round in her backyard. Of course, to any kid, that sounds like a good time.

"Hold on!" I said, excitedly. "I have to tell my dad!"

Just then, my sister came around the corner, talking with my brother. Instead of going to my dad and telling him I ran up to her and told her where I would be.

"And where does EK live?" She asked, looking over at the blond girl sitting on the lawn.

EK pointed across the street.

"Okay, I'll come and get you when dinner is ready." She replied.

"Dont forget to tell dad too!" I said, running off to join EK as she walked towards her house.

We went into her house and it was like stepping into a veritable toy box. Toys everywhere ranging from Barbies to Hot Wheels and even some legos. I was in shock, I had never seen so many toys! She casually walked past all the toys and guided me to the backyard. There it was. A small merry-go-round. I immediately ran over to it and hopped on, kind of pushing the thing with my foot to make it start up. She jumped on too and before we knew it, we were having a blast.

Her mom (EP) came out, and all I can remember of her was that she was an absolute unit with somewhat messy blonde hair, wearing a hot pink shirt and jeans (yay, 90s fashion). She was watching us play, smiling and enjoying the moment while she sat down and smoked. It occurred to me I had never seen this family before today and it made me feel a little nervous and a little awkward to have some adult I have never seen before watch over me while I played with someone I just met earlier today. Eventually, EP called out that she was headed inside to make dinner and I was welcome to stay.

A couple minutes passed and I think EK could sense something was wrong with me, so she brought me inside to play with some of her toys. I tried forcing myself to ignore the awkward position and started playing with some legos. About half an hour passed before I heard a light knocking at the door. Curious, I peaked out to the hallway where the mom was answering the door. It was my sister.

"Is Kyle here?" My sister asked.

"Yes...?" EP replied, in a condescending tone.

"Can you tell him, dinner is ready and dad wants him home?" My sister politely asked.

EK must have snuck her way behind me because all I heard was a huge draw of breath before she firmly yelled the word "NO!". I turned around and there she was, stomping her feet and crossing her arms. Looking a lot less like a friend and more like an entitled stranger.

EP leaned against the door, taking up the entire frame and probably doing some damage to the hinges on the door since I assume it couldn't support so much weight. "Well, why doesn't HE come and get HIS kid then?!" She asked accusingly.

"I'm in charge of him!" My sister shot back.

"I don't care, missy, you have another brother. My daughter doesnt have any siblings, do you *really* need this one back so soon?" She replied.

My jaw dropped and immediately all kinds of alarms were going off in my head. I could tell my sister was reacting the same way because there was just silence on the other side of the door.

EP slammed the door in my sister's face and my eyes began to water because now, I was alone with two people who I barely knew who were not allowing me to go home. EP saw this and immediately assumed I was crying because I didnt want to go home.

"Don't worry, darling, I wont let her take you home. Now wash up for dinner, it's almost ready." She said in a sickly motherly tone.

"Yay!" EK replied, apparently not hearing her mom asking us to wash up as she gleefully skipped after her mom.

I went to the bathroom alone and faked washing my hands. I turned on the faucet and let it run as I quietly made my way to the door and slipped out. I ran across the street and went inside to where my sister was stunned and my dad was telling me I was late for dinner. She clearly hadn't told him because he never said a word about it. 

This all happened years ago when I was about 5 and I had almost forgotten about it until I visited my home town earlier thos week. My dad got out of the Navy to be more of a presence in our lives and he did a great job raising us. This story has been something my sister and I had kept between us. In a way, it's almost as if I walked out on my own child abduction..../nI'm not even joking with the title so get ready.

&#x200B;

Hope y'all are having a good day or night. This story happened a few years ago and my ex and I keep laughing at this. He said that it would be a pretty good idea to publish it here so, here I am. Also, please don't mind me for the usual "English is not my first language", I'm gonna try my best.

Also, I'm leaving a tl;dr at the end of the post for some of you guys.

&#x200B;

**Cast:** Me is me, ~~of course~~. Ex is my Ex-Boyfriend. EM is entitled mother. ELB is Entitled Little Brother.

&#x200B;
---

( Context : So, a few years ago, I got out of a toxic relationship with my ex-girlfriend. After that, I met this guy who I developed a crush on! I was kinda young but mature enough to know that I felt attracted for females and males and identify myself as a bisexual girl. He was my senior and he was probably the best guy I've ever met.
He was the very first one to help me and comfort me during my break up with my ex-girlfriend, whos was pretty toxic.
We hanged out a lot of times, you know those things and finally I decided to ask him to be my boyfriend. He accepted and we started dating since that day. )

---

&#x200B;

Here is where the story of the homophobic EM starts!

We always talked about each other and I thought that I knew everything about him- well, almost everything! But then, after some time, I realized that he never talked about his parents, or well, at least his mother.

When I asked him to tell me some more about his parents, he admitted that he was kind of scared to talk about them. His parents divorced a few years before we started dating and he never told me because he thought that I'd get extremelly worried.

He lives with his father, who I saw a few times and got a few chances to talk with him after that talk. A really nice and sweet old man, never gonna forget him!

Now, as for his mother, I never met her until that day.

&#x200B;

***That. Fucking. Day.***

&#x200B;

My ex said that he'd be seeing his mother because she asked him to take care of his Little brother ( Who I just got one chance to see before that day because of some photos he showed me. ) while she was doing a """business trip"""".

My ex was sick that day so I told him that I'd be the one taking care of his "ELB", since that would be a chance to not only meet that kid but also met his mother! ( His mother barely knew me, she just knew that I was her girlfriend. )

He was nervous about it and insisted that he'd be the one doing it but in the end he just gave up and let me do it. Of couse, he told me that I should be careful around his mother and little brother. I was confused at first but I just shrugged and said that everything would be okay.

&#x200B;

Man, I can see myself talking to my past self, saying some shit like; "Oh you sweet summer child, you have no idea."

&#x200B;

He spoke to his mother, saying that he would be resting since he was pretty sick and that I'd be the one taking care of his "ELB".

His mother at first semmed to refuse, saying that he should be the "responsible man" to take care of the kid. She didn't really cared if he was sick or not, but then I explained to her that I worked as a babysitter (and I still do).

She aceptted and I still remember her words:

&#x200B;

"Oh, I'm pretty sure my dear little angel is going to love you just as much as he loves me!"

&#x200B;

Please, remember that she never met me or saw me, she didn't put a lot to effort to refuse when I offered myself to take care of my ex's little brother.

&#x200B;

Finally, the day arrives and I take a taxi to his mother house. Once again, he tells me to be careful. I ignore him and tell him that everything would be okay.

When I arrive to the house, I knock at the door a few times and wait 15 minutes. No answer.

I try again and wait 15 more minutes. Again, no answer.


I peeked through the windows and knock the door again. Until a 8 yr old kiddo opens up and asks me;

&#x200B;

ELB: "Excuse you? Can't you see I'm waiting for someone called ( my name. ) ?"

&#x200B;

I just forced a smile and answered.

&#x200B;

Me: "Yeah, I know. I'm ( my name. ) and I'm your brother's girlfriend. Your mother told me to look after you. Anyways, where's she? I'd love to talk with her and ask her what she wants me to do!"

&#x200B;

ELB: "She said she'd be leaving and told me to wait for you here."

&#x200B;

Now, I immediately felt like there was something wrong.

Leaving your child all alone waiting for someone is not a good idea at all, and she just left her kid alone without even bothering to talk to me to explain me how to take care of the kid.

&#x200B;

The little kid looked me a few more times before letting me in, immediately asking me while looking at my bag.

&#x200B;

ELB: "What do you have in you bag?"

&#x200B;

Me: "Oh, just a few books, works, some games-"

&#x200B;

The kid literally runs towards me and tries to grab my back, so I only take some steps back while holding my bag as hard as possible.

&#x200B;

Me: "What do you want?"

&#x200B;

ELB: "Your games! Give me your games!"

&#x200B;

I refuse, telling him that those games are mine and I didn't bring my 3ds with me because I forgot it. ( Of couse, It was a lie. )

The kid looks at me with a pout and tries to grab my bag AGAIN.

Now, not only my games are there but there were also some papers and books that I really needed to stay safe because I needed them for my classes and I wasn't letting the kid grab them or rip them, so I just did the same thing and took a few more steps back.

&#x200B;

*He notices this and I swear to god he looked like he was about to go apeshit.*

&#x200B;

I try to calm things down and tell him that I'd play with him some other games and even prepare him a dessert, since I'm pretty good making desserts. A smile suddenly appears in his face and nods as fast as possible.

I asked him to choose between a lemon pie or chocolate cake, since I felt way more safe making those and there were a lot of ingredients in the kitchen, so he just said "Lemon pie" and left.

It took me an hour and sometimes the ELB would come and ask "Is it ready yet?". Everytime I answered "No", he'd just groan or tell me to hurry up because I was too slow.

When I finally finished, the kid stared at the plate in disgust and then...

&#x200B;

*He. Fucking. Threw. The. Plate.*

&#x200B;

It shattered in a lot of pieces and he started fucking crying saying;

&#x200B;

ELB: "WHEN I SAID THAT I WANTED A LEMON PIE, I MEANT A CHOCOLATE CAKE."

&#x200B;

*What the fuck.*

&#x200B;

Once again, I tried to remain calm, so I just scolded him to his room and told him not to get out until I cleaned the place. Hey, at least I didn't cut myself while picking up the shattered pieces of the plate.

&#x200B;

Long story short, the first day was a mess and ended up sleeping in the couch. My ex asked me if I was okay which I replied;

&#x200B;

Me: "MAYBE It's just a BIT hard."

&#x200B;

He just sent me an audio laughing and saying "I told you". He then asked me if I wanted to switch places and, let me tell you guys, I was really impatient to meet his mother and I was also worried about his health, because I didn't want him to work with this little shit because he was still sick, so I refused. I also asked him to send a message to his mother telling her that I was already taking care of the kid, since I didn't have her number. Once again, I was concerned and confused because of this woman's way to "take care" of her son.

&#x200B;

Next day, the kid woke me up while holding my bag, saying;

&#x200B;

ELB: "Can I play your games now? I wanna playyyyyyyyy."

&#x200B;

Me: "No. You broke a plate and you're grounded. Today you'll just stay home and do nothing. Or just do your homework."

&#x200B;

He gives me another disgusted look before throwing my bag into the ground and running towards the bathroom. I just sighed and started preparing breakfast, then I decided to call my ex.

We just talk, laugh, etc. Until I hear some noises coming from the bathroom, so I got worried and end the call before running towards the bathroom, knocking on the door.

&#x200B;

Me: " Yo, ELB, Are you okay?"

&#x200B;

ELB: "Yes, I'm kind of busy right nooooow."

&#x200B;

I just sigh, and go back to the kitchen until I hear the sound of some pappers getting ripped. **Coming from the bathroom.**

I already knew what was going on so I tell the ELB to get out of the bathroom immediately or he wouldn't play with my 3ds.

He opens the door too fast, so he ended up hitting my face while opening it. I also noticed that he was holding one of MY notebooks so I just snatch it from his hands and say;

&#x200B;

Me: "Young man, you're in serious trouble! You cannot play with adults works!"

&#x200B;

ELB: "That's not faiiiiiir! Mommy always lets me play with ( My ex's name. )'s notebooks!"

&#x200B;

Since my ex's didn't live with them, I knew he was talking about old notebooks and stuff.

&#x200B;

Me: "Because those are old notebooks, but it is bad to touch new notebooks! Specially if you don't ask for permisson first!

&#x200B;

He stays quiet and doesn't evens apologize before saying.

&#x200B;

ELB: "Okay, now, are you gonna let me play with your 3ds thing pleaseeeee?"

&#x200B;

Once again, I refused and explained why I wasn't going to give him shit after what he did.

The story repeats and my boyfriend calls me once again asking me if he wanted to switch places or at least visit me. This time I didn't refuse and asked him for some help.

&#x200B;

One week passes, we both were able to survive.

&#x200B;

My boyfriend told me that his mother would be finally coming back in a few hours and he insisted that I had to leave before she arrives or I would end up regretting. I told him that it was ridculous so I stayed with him and his ELB, waiting for the mother. I believed and had hope that his mother would be at least a nice woman and that things would be able to calm down between me and that little entitled shit.

&#x200B;

*She finally arrives.*

&#x200B;

I was the first one to open the door and I greeted her as happily as possible, until she shoves her bags to me and runs towards the ELB and hugs him while calling him her "Sweet angel" or "My pure little boy", etc.

I was kind of sad but tried to move on, and I finally introduce myself. I can see my ex getting nervous and acts pretty distant with his mother, not that she minds tho.

She asks me to stay for dinner and my ex glares at me, nervous, but I wasn't giving two shits. I just accepted because I wanted to met her and understand why she left without saying a word to me and leaving that kid alone.

Whenever I tried to bring up the question, she'd just evade it or interrupt me so I was already feeling like there was something wrong.

&#x200B;

She spent one hour, **LITERALLY ONE HOUR** talking about how great the ELB was. How amazing he was at volleyball, his grades, and his **"angelical"** personality.

&#x200B;

FINALLY, she decides to ask me for some Info.

I just answered to every question. I told her my full name, some things about my family and finally.

&#x200B;

*I told her about my bisexuality.*

&#x200B;

Now, she asked me if my ex was the first boyfriend I had so I just answered honestly but in a happy tone, saying:

&#x200B;

Me: "Well, He is first "boyfriend" but I had a girlfriend in the past!"

&#x200B;

*Her face went straight up pale.*

&#x200B;

I told her about my last girlfriend who ended up cheating on me but I didn't mind since I learned to move on. The EM, on the other way, looked like she was about to murder me. My boyfriend just looked at me, pale and worried. He already knew it.

&#x200B;

Everything was silent and I started to get nervous and kind of scared. Now, I understood why he didn't want me to meet her.

And the little shit, OH THAT LITTLE SHIT. He noticed it and decided to attack by saying;

&#x200B;

ELB: "Mooooom. The girl doesn't wants me to play games!"

&#x200B;

EM: "What? WHAT?!"

&#x200B;

Me: "Excuse me, that's not what h-"

&#x200B;

Before I was able to finish my sentence, the EM literally got up and started yelling at me in front of my ex and the little shit, who had a shit-eating grin on his face.

&#x200B;

EM: "First, you come to my house and date my son when you're clearly an homosexual and now you won't let my sweet angel play some games?! What kind of shitty babysitter are you?!"

&#x200B;

I tried to explain the situation, while my EX tries to calm her down.

&#x200B;

Me: "Ma'am, I am bisexual. Please, understand that it's not bad.-"

&#x200B;

EM: "STOP USING EXCUSES, YOU DISGUSTING GIRL! You clearly have been raised by disgusting parents! You have no education at all! And now you're trying to INFECT my son with your homosexuality! You clearly don't deserve those games while you're sick, so you better clean them and hand them to my little angel!"

&#x200B;

*Once again, what the fuck.*

&#x200B;

Not only this woman was trying to force me into giving that kid my 3ds but also started saying that by being homosexual or bisexual I was sick.

This got me into my nerves and I tried to stood up, but then the EM slapped me across the face, making my ex react by running to my side while holding me. She then proceeds to say;

&#x200B;

EM: "You don't deserve that stupid game! You infected my first son and now you want to infect my baby?! No way! Now, give it to my baby before I call the police on you for trying to infect him"

&#x200B;

My ex wasn't having none of it. He started yelling at his mother to "Shut the fuck up" and saying stuff like; "This is why dad left you."

The little kid, not giving a shit, tried to reach out my bag to get my 3ds so I just literally screamed and scared the little shit, making him cry.

&#x200B;

EM: "WHAT DID YOU JUST DO?! LOOK AT HIM, HE'S CRYING NOW! You're heartless! Now I'm calling the police!"

&#x200B;

Once again, my ex wasn't having it and started yelling once again and he finally said;

&#x200B;

Ex: "It's funny because you literally left ELB all alone, waiting for a stranger, and you didn't even bother to wait to met her. I wonder how dad would react after I tell him how you left his son all alone, waiting for a stranger and then slapping my girlfriend and calling her disgusting for being bisexual when trying to defend herself."

&#x200B;

*The EM went pale as fuck and stayed quiet.*

&#x200B;

We finally went out and he just drove me back home, apologizing for all the mess but honestly I couldn't give two shits more. I was glad that I was able to know more about him and I was defended by him, so I was really happy! I was the one who ended up apologizing for not listening to him.

&#x200B;

After some weeks he finally told me.

&#x200B;

Not only his mother lied about having a business trip, but also had an affair with some man! She just went to have some kind of break with a dude she met online or something. This mother didn't give two shits about her son, she was a complete hypocrite.

I'm not sure about how is his family going these days, but from what I've heard, his ELB is slowly changing. I have no idea about his mother and honestly I don't give two shits about her.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

This was a few years ago, like I said before we already broke up but we are still good friends! These days I've been crushing on a friend's sister. She's a really sweet and funny girl! I just hope she doesn't has an entitled sibling and a crazy mother or something!

---

Edit 1: I'm on my phone right now. I'll update the story soon and make a tl;dr for some of you, guys! I'll also try to correct some of my words and spelling mistakes as soon as possible! Thank you all for the support!

---

Edit 2: Still on my phone, but I got some good news! 
I called my ex and asked him if he pressed charges against the EM. He didn't but tried to convince his father before.

Please, before I continue, keep in mind that this happened a few weeks after the incident.

His father thought about it and he agreed hell do it after some time, but guess what!
EM came into his house and left ELB with his father, saying that she'll be getting another lover or something.

I honestly hope this disgusting EM gets cheated on or something. As for the ELB, like I said before, he's a good kid now! He's living now with my ex and his father! I hope everyone is doing well!

---

Tl;dr

1. I break up with my toxic ex-girlfriend and then I met my ex-boyfriend, who was my senior.
2. I identify myself as Bisexual and fall in love with my ex-boyfriend.
3. Ex doesn't talks about his family, I want to know more.
4. Ex gets a call from his mother telling him to take care of ELB. Ex is sick so I take his place, EM doesn't hesitates and accepts.
5. I meet ELB and he tries to steal my games. Then ELB throws plate.
6. Next day, ELB destroys my homework. I end up asking my Ex for help.
7. After one week, EM arrives and ignores me. She then proceeds to invite us for dinner and talks about how amazing ELB is. 
8. EM asks me about my past relationships and I tell her I had an ex-girlfriend. EM goes apeshit and says that homosexuality is a sickness/virus.
9. ELB worsened the situation and talks about how I didn't wanted him to take my games.
10. EM slaps me and tells me to give her my games because her son deserves them.
11. My ex snaps and yells at her. She stays quiet.
12. We both apologize and forget about it.
13. Ex convinces his father to press charges but before that happens, EM gives ELB to his father because she was getting another lover.
14. ELB is good now./nNot directly happening to me but I witness it and smh hard to believe these people exist

EM-entitled mom
EK-Embarrassed kid
W-waiter 

I was eating at a local restaurant when the person next to me called over a waiter. I didn’t think much of it but listened in anyway when they started asking for the WiFi. Here is where the fun begins.

EM: what’s the WiFi password?

W: oh, ha ha, we don’t have a password on our public WiFi.

EM: This WiFi is to slow I’m talking about the private internet 

W (clearly taken aback): we don’t give out that password

EM (Raising her voice to cause a scene) IF YOUR GONNA GIVE US A SLOW FREE WIFI AT LEAST LET PEOPLE USE THE PRIVATE INTERNET!

EK: M-mom it’s fine people are loo-

EM:don’t worry sweetie I’ll get you good WiFi soon

W: No, you won’t

EM: how about this, I sue you or you give me the password.

W: ok. Sue us. Not like the cops will do anything about us not giving out company WiFi passwords.

EM:”laughs” I’d be sueing you for harassment honey

EK: m-mom s-stop I like eating here and don’t wanna get kicked out 

W- I have orders to attend to

EM turned to me and says something I will never forget as long as I live

EM: All that fuss over some WiFi? Some people I will just never understand.

Edit: Wait is that a silver? It is! Thanks so much! I just found out about this sub and it brought back this memory! I didn’t expect such good reception! 

Edit 2 electric boogaloo: gold too? Nani is going on! Thank all of you so much!/nA little bit of backstory/context:

So my father has been afflicted by M.S (Multiple Sclerosis) and at the time of writing this cannot walk, however during the events of this post he could do so with crutches but not for long.

&#x200B;

ED: Entitled Dad EC: Entitled Child

D: My Dad  Me: Me (of course)

&#x200B;

Now to the story.

&#x200B;

So me and my dad went to the local Co-op in our area to get some groceries when my dad had to get up to get something from the aisle (packed by the way) and took his crutches and i was getting some milk from a few aisles down.

He calls for me to come help him, when i come out the aisle i see a girl not as old as me (1-2 years maybe im 14 at this time) sitting on his electric wheelchair being spun by their father and when im close enough to hear them i hear this:

&#x200B;

D: Sir,Could you tell your daughter to get off my wheelchair?

ED: But.. she's having so much fun.

EC: Dad why cant i be on the chair?

D: I know that but its my wheelchair and i need it.

ED: But Wh-

I cut him off because i already knew what sort of mickey mouse bullshit reason he was gonna present,

Me: Its my Dads wheelchair and he needs it to move around.

ED: Then why is he walking right now?

I then proceed to explain to him what M.S Is (I was taught about it upon discovering he had it)

The ED continues.

ED: Well if he is that disabled then he shouldnt even be out here!

My Dad still likes to try and get around and do his daily tasks despite his disability,

D: Well I ju-

The ED cuts my dad off.

ED: No if you cant even walk then why are yo-

I cut him off again.

Me: Because maybe he doesnt want to be cooped up in a house all day and wants to get shit done!

Both parties are now silent.

The EC gets off the chair and my dad sits back down, both of them pay and leave and me and my Dad just finish our shopping.

&#x200B;

Edit One: Thank you all for the support me and my Dad are both doing quite well.

Edit Two: I just want to clear something up that i didnt mention, I am classified as one of my Dad's carers therefore i go with him if noone else is available

&#x200B;

Edit Three: Thank you for Silver i am forever grateful./nOkay so, I'm on my sister's account because I cant have one. Mobile and at the beach with poor Wi-Fi. 

The cast:

Me: me
S: Sister
Em: Entitled Mom
Ek: Entitled Kid
CD: Chill Dad

So my story begins with me in a 2 peice and just getting out of the car and setting up. We are chilling for a couple minutes about 45 minutes when I feel a heavy stare. (I get the chills when there is a heavy stare) I look over and I see the EM just looking like she wants to kill me.  

I walk over there.

EM: Ms you aren't allowed to be here. Your making my kid very uncomfortable.

Her kid is about 6 and looks like he is having a great time.

Me: miss your kid looks like he is having a great time.

Em: No. You have to leave right now.

S: She can be here if she wants to. She has every right and this is a public beach. And if your son is uncomfortable then you guys can just move somewhere else.

Em: ----Uh---- Your not allowed to wear that 2 piece! It's also making my son very uncomfortable.

Me: I dont care and I didn't ask. Like my sister said I can be here if I would like. 

CD to EM: Em get back here! Ek wants to tell you something!

Em walks to Ek

All my s and I hear is ek saying "Mom she is pretty but I dont like her two price. Make her take her top off."

EM and ek come over and ek is smiling

EM: Take your top off or leave.

I just look at my sister and we walk away. 

Ek starts crying

Em: get back over here now girls and you, take your top off now!

I turn around and see that SHE is wearing a two piece. 

Me: If your son wants to see some breasts then why don't you take your top off?

She look at me in shocked and marched over to me and screamed:

EM: TAKE YOUR TOP OFF NOW GIRL! 

I walk away back to my spot with my sis.

CD: Hunny just leave them alone and stop bugging them.

I look and him and say thank you.

Edit: Typos

Edit 2: Thanks for 1k upvotes!

Edit 3: 2K upvotes? You guys are amazing!

Edit 4: 3K upvotes? im dying./nWhen I was in college, I worked as a face painter for a local children’s museum. This children’s museum was famous for its themed days. We had Scooby doo day, puppy and kitty day, space day... you get the idea. As one of the face painters, I was expected to come to work with a print out of things I could paint on a child’s face. On the day of this story, it was Spongebob day. I had most of the main characters as well as the “bikini bottom” flowers on a sheet of paper to use as a reference. 

All was well, the kids were loving their face paintings, the lines were fairly short... and then up comes a little boy. His mom quickly follows behind him, and she’s on her phone, barely paying any attention to me or her child. 

Little boy: “could I get Patrick?” 
Me: Sure! I love starfishes, don’t you?” 

The mom pays absolutely no attention through this whole exchange, wanders off, presumably to find her other kid. I proceed to paint Patrick on the boy’s cheek. I show him with a mirror what I painted, he’s elated and runs off to show his mom.

About 10 minutes later, here comes the mom again. She’s dragging her son by the arm. 

Mom: what do you think you’re doing over here?!
Me: Face... painting?
Mom: Don’t be smart with me. Why did you paint a PINK star on my son’s cheek? Are you trying to turn him gay? 

I was so confused for a moment. 

Me: Ma’am, that’s Patrick from Spongebob. Your son asked for Patrick. He’s a boy starfish. Here’s my reference. 
Mom: No, he is not a boy! That is a pink starfish! It’s a girl starfish! 
Me: I’m sorry you’re upset ma’am. I just painted him the way he is from the show. 
Mom: I cannot believe this museum would so blatantly hire someone to make our sons effeminate! I’m going to find your manager! 

She storms off to find the manager. I’m completely flabbergasted at the stupidity of this woman. At this point the other face painters show up, and are assigned different places to paint. One of my good friends is also a face painter and she’s assigned the opposite side of the museum. 15 minutes later, who shows up... but the EP again! 

Mom: Fix my son’s face! Don’t you see what’s wrong?! 

At this point I look at the kids face and see that first of all, he’s very upset after being dragged around by his very angry mother. There’s some dried tears on his face and his eyes are red. Also, Patrick is now a very smeared purple. 

Me: Your son looks upset. 
Mom:  OF COURSE he is upset! He has a purple star on his face! Make it blue! He is a boy! 

Then I suddenly understand what happened. She went over to another face painters booth, demanded a blue starfish and the artist decided to paint with blue paint directly over my pink paint. Red plus blue makes purple, kids. 

I explain to the mom that I can’t fix this without completely wiping off his face and starting over. She angrily agrees and storms off. Leaving me alone with her kid, again. 

The little boy is crying, and I try to make him feel better by telling some jokes. He starts asking me if Patrick is gay and tells me that pink is his favorite color but his mom gets mad when he has anything pink. He’s so upset I’m painting Patrick blue on his face. 

Sooooo I make an executive decision and I paint a little bikini bottom flower on his hand. Pink on the inside. Blue on the outside. I tell him that I’m sorry his mom is mad and that pink is a pretty color and it’s my favorite too. 

Later on I got a write up for painting Patrick pink, when his color is literally pink in the first place... and then apparently sassing the mom about it. I wasn’t the only one who got written up though. The painter who made Patrick purple? My good friend. She had made him purple specifically to piss off the mom. I saw the boy leaving the museum later. Flower on his hand fully intact. Worth it. /nTLDR at bottom

I was not expecting to find another one, especially since this is the first time I've ever seen this mother since her teenage boy started classes with us. This happened last night so it's still fairly fresh and the EM kept her arm technically, though lost use of it. The conversation is a mix of eavesdropping and phone tag (cobbled from others nearby).

Context: I have been practicing martial arts for a little over twenty years now, with the last two years being solely at this dojo because my sensei closed his down to join this group. The dojo is a mixed martial arts (technically, not MMA like TV) one with five instructors/owners teaching different disciplines. There are two class types at this place: self-defense classes centered around low power/contact with and an 18+ private full power/contact class that rotates based on the weekday. There is also a discount for military/police for the 18+ class so we get a few military and police come by, usually in their civvies.

Our wonderful cast:

* John: veteran police officer, taking the Kung Fu classes
* Sensei Kris: Kung Fu instructor, has PTSD, do not touch
* Alyssa: office manager, does not bend or break rules
* Me: Draak, assistant instructor for self-defense classes
* EM: Ryan's mother, unable to understand rules are there for a reason
* Ryan: teenager under 18, understands rules and legal requirements

Story: We finished the self-defense class and were getting ready to start the Kung Fu class; there's a fifteen minute buffer between classes for sign-ups and to clear the mats. Ryan was talking with Sensei Kris and waiting on his mother to pick him up; from what I could overhear as I was getting ready, he was talking about joining the Kung Fu class. Sensei Kris was listing out the reasons why he couldn't join before eighteen (waivers, legal signatures) when EM walked through the door and joined the conversation in the lobby.

EM: Excuse me, what do you mean my Ryan can't join your Kung Fu class? He's a perfectly capable student.

Kris: Yes, he is but there are legal documents that require him to be over 18 to sign off on.

EM: Just give them to me, I'll sign them for him. Ryan, go get ready for the class.

Kris: No, he needs to be eighteen before joining. Ryan, stay.

EM: Don't tell my what to do! Ryan, go join the class.

Kris: Ryan, we'll see you back on Monday. Ma'am, you can talk with Alyssa about making an appointment with another instructor to see if they will make an exception.

At this point, Kris shifted past EM to start class. John and I had been watching and stretching, waiting for what we both knew was coming.

EM: NO! You will make an exception for Ryan.

Then she makes the biggest mistake of the night. She grabs Kris by the upper arm and pulls her backwards. Remember how I said Kris has PTSD and do not touch? She was assaulted before she became an instructor and it has made her hyper-reflexive when being touched without her consent. It took seconds for her reflex to kick in and she had snaked out of EM's grab and had her in an arm break lock. It's here I should add that there are three words that we were told to never say in front of Kris: whore, bitch and slut and any form of them because it also triggers her.

EM: Let go of me, you psychotic bitch!

Crack...and then screams of pain. I look at John and he just shakes his head at me while giving me a look that said "not my jurisdiction, not my problem." EM is on the floor with her arm dangling from the elbow down and Kris walks towards the back to start class, does not even turn back to look at EM. Ryan is on the phone with his father, explaining the situation and Alyssa is calling for an ambulance.

I was shocked and waiting for Kris to say something memorable like "get this trash off my mats" but instead, she just started class like normal. The local PD showed up and interviewed everyone there, EM was screaming assault while being helped into the ambulance and Ryan's father picked him up. My impression is that the police are going to call it self-defense, but we'll see what happens; no one was arrested last night. I'm positive that EM will try to press charges and sue, so if I get an update, I'll post back.

Side note: The reason for the 18+ requirement is that students have to sign a waiver stating that they understand the classes are *full contact* and *injuries can and will happen*. The waiver doesn't absolve the dojo of legal responsibility, only serves as a warning to prospective students of what they are signing up for when they start the classes.

TLDR: EM tries to force her underage son's attendance to full contact Kung Fu class; gets denied verbally and grabs instructor. Instructor reacts reflexively and breaks EM's arm (off and kills her with it... in a perfect world).

Edit: As others have pointed out, self-defense ended at the arm lock. The arm break is and likely will be considered assault. As the priority at the time was getting EM to a hospital, Kris was not detained but this will likely change as the investigation continues.

Edit 2: As I've gotten some questions about it, let me clarify. For the self-defense classes, every instructor is Sensei, Master or Assistant Master (me). For the full contact classes, Kris is Sifu Kris and calling her otherwise results in extra warm-up exercises at the back of the mats. The other masters use their own titles in the full contact classes (3 of which are Japanese and use Sensei).

Update here: https://old.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bn5ige/broken_arm_em_and_food_mart_em_double_update/?/nI always mention I live in a small town because those who haven't read my stuff need to grasp that it's a small town and you do things in a small town that you wouldn't necessarily do in a larger one. You also tend to run into a lot of entitled parents, especially if you have anything to do with the school system or young people. 

&#x200B;

I have one of those personalized deluxe folding camp chairs with a drink holder, pop up table, and umbrella. It's very nice and pretty much lives in my trunk. Normally, you would watch a possession like that very carefully in a public place. In a small town, it's not generally a big issue. You set it up and wander off to talk with people, etc. Besides, it has my name on it. So that helps. Reserved seating wherever I set it up!

&#x200B;

I love baseball. It's probably my favorite spectator sport. My nephew was on his high school team and it was a great team. I never missed a home game. On this day, I set up my chair without the umbrella. Then I wandered over to the concession area to get some nachos and a drink. I wandered back and someone is sitting in my chair. I was understandably puzzled. It's my chair. It has my name on it. More importantly, the person sitting in it knows that it is not their chair. This has never happened before. I place my drink on the bleachers and eat a couple of nachos while pondering the situation. After the third or fourth chip I decide to say something. 

&#x200B;

ME: Excuse me, this is my chair.

EM: No one was sitting in it. First come, first served.

Me: Not how that works. I own the chair.

EM: Just sit on the bleachers. 

Me: No, I'm going to sit on my chair. You are going to move. 

EM: No, I'm not. I got here first and I have a child playing baseball today. I deserve this spot. Go away.

Me: Lady, this is not the Majors, everyone here has a kid playing. I know the parents of every kid on our team. You are not one of them. It doesn't matter anyway because it's MY chair. 

EM: I'm the mother of "kid on opposing team."

Me: They sit on the other side. 

EM: Fine. 

&#x200B;

She stands up and proceeds to try and take my chair with her. I snatched it out of her hands.

&#x200B;

EM: give me that chair. 

Me: Nope, it's mine. 

EM: I'll call the police!

Me: No need, they are already here. (I point out several people) That guy, and that guy, and that guy over there. (Their kids were on the team)

EM: Bitch!

Me: You JUST figured that out? Pretty slow on the uptake there, Princess. 

&#x200B;

She wandered off and I sat down in my chair to enjoy my nachos. A few minutes later she's back with the only cop actually in uniform.

&#x200B;

EM: That is my seat, I was sitting there first! 

Cop: Hey ACCER, what's up?

Me: Crazy people doing crazy things. You?

Cop: This woman is claiming she was here first and you took her seat. 

Me: Not possible. 

EM: It IS possible! I was here first and then you came and demanded I move and then stole my seat!

Me: I own the chair. 

EM: It doesn't matter! I was here FIRST!

Me: I was actually here first. Then I went to get snacks. 

EM: NO, I was here first and I NEED that spot to watch my son play ball!

Me: I had to be here first because I own the chair. It didn't arrive before I did. I put it here. Your son plays for the other team and they sit on the other side. If you hadn't been in the wrong place you couldn't have tried to steal my chair. Now go away. 

&#x200B;

At this point there are several out of uniform cops just milling around watching and trying not to crack up. This woman is getting more and more upset and I'm just not. They know me and can see I'm playing with her.

&#x200B;

Cop: Ma'am, you need to leave this woman and her chair alone. Please go to the other side and sit on the bleachers. 

EM: But the chair is nicer and I was here first!

Cop: Ma'am, she brought the chair and put it here. She does this every game. She owns it and that makes it hers. You need to leave now. You don't want to spoil the game for your son. 

EM: I'm a single mother! 

Me: I'm not surprised.

EM: How dare you be so rude, your parents should have taught you some respect! 

Me: My parents taught me not to steal. They also taught me not to allow some idiot to try and push me around. If you don't leave I'm going to press charges for your attempted theft, that you have admitted to, and then report you to your school and have you banned from all future away games. Go to the bleachers on the other side and leave me alone. NOW. 

&#x200B;

She looked from me to the cop (who nodded) and moved back towards the bleachers on the other side. There was a kid in the opposing dugout who was looking decidedly embarrassed. The woman glared at me all through the game. It was a great game./nI reffed soccer at the youth rec level for a couple seasons, and that was all I could take.

Reffing a u-12 girls game.  During check in, I notice a girl has her ears pierced.  Easy to see with a ponytail.  That is a BIG nono and is just simply not allowed.

I tell coach, “”Coach, this young lady has to remove her earrings”

Coach knows better but does the “they are fresh piercings” bit.  

I say “sorry, she cant not play with earrings.”   Had the earring gotten caught and tore her earlobe, I woukd have been responsible.

Kid heads over to mom who starts yelling at me from sideline.  I politely explain, “ no matter what, she cant play with earrings”

Game starts, I see this girl on the pitch, no ponytail.  I know whats up.  On a stoppage, I walk over, see she is still wearing earrings.  I yellow card her and send her off the field for an equipment violation.  Coach is livid.  I explain to coach she is welcome back to play once the earrings are removed.      

Other team coach chimes in “ref is right, that is a danger”.  Now coach is livid and mom is giving it to me from the sideline without actually crossing the verbal line.

Half time comes, earring team is winning 4-1, and it is not that close.  Shoukd have been 10-1. They were one of the two best teams in the league at that point.  

Second half,  game starts.  Earring girl is on the field.  I walk over, ask to see her ears, there is a bandaid on each ear lobe.  EM  is now SCREAMING at me.  Coach is like “are you kidding me?””

I tell her to pull down a bandaid, and there are the earrings!!!!

Second Yellow card for second equipment violation.   2 yellow cards = a red.  She is disqualified from the remainder of the game, and misses the next 2 games by league rules.

I send her off, explain to coach she is disqualified and his team will be playing a man down for the remainder of the game due to the red card.

EM has sprinted over to Mother Fuck me. Saying to the coach, “ are you going to let this happen?”

By this time the head of ref scheduling for the league 
Has walked over, as I informed her at half time of the issue.

Coach  trying to bully me says: “ If you are going to red card her and she cant play then we will just forfeit,” 

I look at him, I say, “Coach I accept your forfeit”

Coach: “wait what? i didnt say that”

Ref scheduker: “that is what you said”

I go inform the other coach that they have won their first game,  his kids start to cheer like they won the world cup.  I grab my ref bag, and walk to my car.

Later I get a call from ref scheduler.  Apologizing for the idiots. She assures me the red card and the forfeit will stand

The Entitled team ended up as “ Co -champs” with a record of 9-1 that year as the second best team ( who they beat) also had a 9-1 record due to the forfeit!!!

That EM to this day still stares daggers at me if she sees me around town.  I always make sure to pinch  my earlobe and give it a wiggle when she does.


Edit:  The no jewelry/earrings rule was a league point of emphasis due to a “troll-bead bracelet face scrape” the previous season. League admin had instructed refs to verbally warn any violators during check in, then yellow card further violations up to red if needed./nPosted an update [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/bk1z7c/em_accuses_me_of_being_a_pothead_and_gang_member/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) 

Our cast: 

EM: Weird Entitled Mother

UK: Unaware Kid

Me: You know

Some backstory: I’m the kind of girl who loves to wear baggy hoodies a lot. And I chew gum 24/7. Just for the record, I’ve never, nor will I ever be a pothead, and I’ve never been in a gang of any sort. Onto the story.


I was heading into the grocery store down the street because I wanted some sweets. I go in and started wandering the aisles. This is when I’m approached by EM and UK. EM comes up to me and this is how the conversation went.

EM: Excuse me. 

Me: Yes? Can I help you?

EM: How DARE you walk into the store looking like that? You’re setting a bad example for my child. 

I just want to point out that I had just woken up from a nap, so my eyes were heavy and a bit red, and I was chewing some mint gum. And UK (her kid) wasn’t even paying attention to us at all. And I’m a pale ass girl. I look whiter than snow.

Me: Ummmm...what? I just have a hoodie on, and I just woke up— 

EM: NO! Don’t lie to me. You’ve been smoking weed! I can smell it on you. 

Me, confused out of my mind: No...I’ve never even touched weed, ma’am. You must be smelling the mint gum I have. 

She then looks down at my hoodie. My hoodie was custom made, and has my Mom’s restaurant logo on it. EM goes nuts. 

EM: And you’re in a gang?! How DARE you set foot in here!? 

I was not in the mood for this bullshit, so I just grabbed the sweets, paid, and left. But she decided to follow yelling, cursing, and throwing racial slurs at me. 

Other than that, the sweets were good./nI  taught Kindergarten many moons ago.  One particular average student,  who every once in a while a behavior issue, had a challenging mother.   Every once in a while EM would question, with a condescending look,  why  I was teaching something.  Ummmm, it was the mandated curriculum in our  city.  Overall, not really horrible stuff I couldn't handle, until the  Moving-Up Ceremony day.

Now  this particular student was late almost everyday.  They had to be in  school at 8:20 AM.  I gave the kids the benefit of doubt, that if they  entered the school on time, it might take them 10 minutes to get to my  classroom.  If they were late downstairs, they were given a late pass.  I  kept all late passes in a file.  Each time the child came in late,  passed 8:30 am and/or had a late pass, I marked her late. I did the same  for every child in my class.

On  the day we have the Moving-Up ceremony (kids tend to leave school for  the day right after the ceremony) I handed out the final report card  with the total number of days late and absent for the year (each other  report card only had the amount for that quarter - so it shouldn't have  been a surprise either).  I was in my classroom changing and getting  ready to go out for lunch when EM called me.  She was upset about the  number of lateness's (over 125 days - we only have 181 days of school in  a school year).  She started yelling at me that I was wrong.  I told  her that according to my records those were the number of absences and I  had spoken to her about it at past Parent-Teacher conferences.  Then  she says:

"You are putting my child's educational future at risk because you have marked her late."

I  bit my lip.  I don't remember how I was able to politely get her off of  the phone, but we end the conversation.  I shrug it off.  A few minutes  later, I get another call.  This call is from some man claiming to be  the family's case worker checking up on that student's year end  progress.  I was not aware that the family had a case worker, let alone  an open case with children's services.  We are typically told.  I  politely told the man that I could not speak to him about my student  because I could not confirm his identity.  He would have to call the  office. He was not happy.  I had a bad feeling about that call and that  it might be a set up.

I  later took my teaching assistant out for our traditional end of year  lunch. As we were on our way we see EM.  She confronts me again.  My  assistant stood by my side to protect me.  My assistant didn't trust the EM's  physical stance and felt that it shouldn't be a private conversation.  I  finally tell EM that she can go in and speak to administration if she  feels what I did was wrong.

Later  as I am back in my classroom starting to clean and pack away things for  the summer,  my Assistant Principal comes in to ask me about the  lateness's.  EM is downstairs in the office complaining about me.  I  told her how I came to that particular number.  I even give her the pile  of late passes.  She leaves and I continue to clean up.  Once again my  AP comes back up to my room, with a huge smile.  Apparently I had  miscounted the number of lateness's.  They reviewed the late passes and  the late book, and I was off by 3 lateness's ... they added the three  extra days I missed to her final report card.

The  next year I looped up to 1st grade.  We always reconfigured the classes  each year so kids wouldn't stay together year after year.  So about  half of my Kindergarten class would have me for their teacher again.  We  had already set the classes up for 1st grade, but due to EM's  confrontation outside of school and my assistant being a witness, I  asked that the student not be in my class for 1st grade.  Administration  agreed.

That  September EM showed up in the office, after dismissal on the first day,  demanding to know why her daughter wasn't in my class.  I am very glad  admin backed me up again.  And sadly over the years I watched that  typical kid with some behaviors turn into a giant EK with massive  behavior problems ... consistently late./nEM: Entitled Mom, DC: Devil Child, Mr. Bob: Manager and Me: A talking car.

This is a long one, so grab some popcorn.

So, a few months ago, I joined a small video game store for a few bucks an hour to properly arrange the games, clean the shelves, etc. The reason for this isn't cause I'm poor or am at the age where I desperately need a job, really. It's just because of my dad. My dad is one of those child perfectionists who didn't quite grow up to be all they wanted to be, I mean, he has a decent life with a decent job and whatnot, but I guess he thought he was gonna become Steve Jobs or something. Anyways, ever since he realised it was too late for him to do anything about it, he has been relying on me and my brother to become something great (again, I respect that but he's a bit forceful about it), so he got me a part-time job so I can get 'early job experience', for college or something. Needless to say, after this, he never tried forcing stuff upon me and my brother again.

Anyways, I had spent a few after-school hours every day for a week and was pretty content with what I was doing, it was helping me keep active anyways. I would come from school, grab a snack, change my clothes and head for work.  One day, I was a bit late to work and had to hear a 15 minute lecture from Mr. Bob of the 'responsibility of time management'. Through the lecture, 
EM, who looked like she was in her 40s or something, and DC who looked like he was 9-ish, were wandering through the mart. The EM wasnt paying attention to our conversation and was tugging her DC from not going upstairs, where the more pricey games were. 

When Mr. Bob stopped lecturing me, he told me to go sit down by the cash register while he went out to 'run some errands' apparently.

Now, I sat down like the good boy I was and waited for Mr. Bob to come back. As I was sitting there, DC comes over to me, asking me for the price of a PS4 game he held out in his hand. I checked it on the register and told him the price which was around $50(converted). He tried handing me around $20(converted). I told him he needed around $30(converted) more.
... big mistake, apparently.

The kid started WAILING, like a whale if it got cut in half, and bawling his eyes out. EM came rushing down the stairs, screaming "DC! DC!?".

Now, I was assured that EM would try to calm her kid down so I was a lot less worried than I was a second ago, so I proceeded to ignore the kid and doodled with my pen as the EM WOOSHED across the counter and picked DC up as if she was saving him from a fire. This caught my attention, alright. The following conversation ensued (Keep in mind this is all translated from another language by yours truly)

EM: 'YOU HIT MY CHILD YOU DICK, DOG!"

Me: "Ma'am I didn't do anyt-"

EM: *Ignores and cuts me off* "Oh my god, what did he do to you?" (To DC)

DC: "He won't give me the game!! I even tried giving him the money!"


I thought that would shut EM up.. oh boy.

EM: "WHY WON'T YOU GIVE HIM THE GAME?"

Me: "Ma'am. He did not give me enough money for the game."

EM: "Listen here you terrible dog, take the ($20) and give him the game! You don't even DESERVE that much, you should be GLAD we are even buying from you!"

Me: "I'm sorry Ma'am, I can't do t-"

EM: "DON'T YOU DARE TALK BACK TO ME YOU FILTHY DOG. YOU KNOW WHAT, YOU DON'T EVEN DESERVE ($20)!"

Me: "Calm down lady! It doesn't matter what I deserve and don't,  it's law that you have to pay for what you want!"

EM: "Boy, let me tell you something. You don't understand how hard it is being a parent. Let me take this video game and you will be rewarded with heaven when you die. (Kinda f*cked up and I'm an atheist.)"

Me: "No."
 
EM lost it. Like, she actually lost it. Imagine the loudest Filthy Frank video and Jacksepticeye video and multiply it by 10, that's how loud she was screaming. At this point, even DC seemed worried.

I had had enough, I reached for the game DC was desperately clutching on to and said: 

"Ma'am, PLEASE get out."

She pushed me backwards, throttling me towards a shelf and she quickly grabbed whatever she could find on the counter and ran away, the game, a few stuff from the counter, DCs hand and the store keys, in her hand. 

I was shocked and called the cops as fast as I could. I called Mr. Bob, who rushed in later, his face filled with anger. Oh He. Was. Pissed. It was the first ever 'robbery' at his store and I was the one responsible for letting EM get away, so I thought I was gonna get busted but instead Mr. Bob focused his anger on the cops with my older co-workers. I had gotten a large cut by a nail on the shelf, all across my hand but I didn't notice it because of my shock.

When my dad heard about this and how I was hurt, he freaked out, too. Mr. Bob, dad and the cops went straight for EMs house who, I was told, was packing up freaking out, planning to run away while her child, DC, I kid you not, was happy as ever, playing the stolen game.

I saw EM to the court meeting, mostly because I was a victim, but also because I really, really wanted the sweet taste of karma. She got jailed for assaulting a minor, theft and illegal drugs possessions because, apparently, she was caught with a stash of the good stuff in her room. She was escorted, might I add screaming, to her jail. As I went past her, I whispered "Goodbye, Bitch" and flipped her off. Her expression was all I needed for a full month's satisfaction.
    /nOkay, before I start, here‘s a bit of information about me and my boyfriend that‘ll be relevant to the story: I‘m a 17 year old german male (sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes in advance) and I‘ve recently been lucky enough to turn my passion for coding and server security into a rather well paying job. I‘m also gay, which will be essential to this story and all of this took place on my boyfriends birthday a few months ago. My boyfriend is 20 and studies psychology at out nearby university. 

So, a few weeks before my boyfriends birthday I had made a reservation at his favorite restaurant for dinner. It‘s a rather expensive steak house and as I had recently been able to make quite a bit of money from my independent programming I wanted to invite him and treat him for dinner. When we arrived we realized the place was completely full and if we hadn‘t made a reservation we wouldn‘t have gotten a table. In front of us there was a mother, later referred to as EM with two rather small children. When she was told that without reservation there was no chance of them getting a table it was obvious she was getting quite angry and upset but we didn‘t really pay attention to her as we had a reservation. When we walked past EM and her kids to talk to the waiter, EM noticed us holding hands and she snapped: „How dare you hold hands in public space, there are kids here!“ me and my boyfriend (we‘ll call him R from here on) turned around, not believing what we had just heard. „Excuse me?“ I asked, she went on „this is sickening! You‘re going to traumatize my children!“. Me and R looked to eachother in disbelief and R responded „Ma‘am we‘re allowed to express our love same as you and your Husband are, if you have a problem with that, that‘s not our problem“. Meanwhile the waiter in front of us had walked up to us to see what all the yelling was about as I was trying to explain the situation, EM leaned in and yelled „these two f*g*ots are traumatizing my children! How dare you serve them instead of me and my children?!“, at this point I was getting angry myself, normally I‘m a rather calm guy but this was too much. R had seen the look on my face and turned me towards him to try and calm me down. The waiter then asked EM and her kids to leave or he would have to call the police and EM left, the rest of the evening was very nice, with the waiter bringing each of us a free drink as an apology for the inconvenience but it took a while to shake that experience off. 

EDIT: Well holy shit, this blew up didn‘t it. I would‘ve never expected this post, as it is my first post, to get so many upvotes and comments. I wanna thank each and everyone of you, all the positive comments really made my night and I‘ve been trying to respond to as many as I can. I read a lot of the same comments and I wanted to respond to them here, instead of 100 times in the comments :) 

„You should‘ve kissed him in front of her“: 

while this would‘ve been really funny and it actually crossed my mind to do something like that, I decided against it because I didn’t want to cause more trouble as this probably would‘ve ended in her turning into supersayajin. 

„Press charges/take her to court/etc.“ :

Unfortunately I don‘t have any information on who this woman is, as she didn‘t have a reservation, they didn‘t have any information either which makes this pretty impossible./nOkay it's my first post and I'm on mobile, I hope it won't disturb so much... And also, it's translated from French to English, so excuse my grammar ^^ ><

Okay so, this story takes place about a year ago, I was still 17.
EM : Entitled mom (Around her 30's)
B : Brother (19 at the time) 
Me : Me (17, I'm a boy btw) 

So we were in a week end, in the center of a pretty big city in the south of France. It was almost evening, like around 6pm.
Me and my brother sat on a bench with food that we just bought, and since it was a bit late, I was tired. We're pretty close brothers so I just ate my food leaning my head on his shoulder while he looked at things on his phone, eating his food.
That's when a woman (EM) came to us, holding hands with a child that is around 3 or 4 years old.

EM : Excuse me, can you please stop doing that in front of my child?

I was confused. I'm eating food with my Bro, what is the problem?
I sat normally, looking at that woman in a confused way.

Me : Do what? Eating food?

Then my brother whispered, in Korean since he's fluent in it, and me too (Kinda xD) so that EM would not understand.

B (in Korean) : She thinks we're gay, idiot

And then l understood. Yeah I was tired and didn't think of homophobic parents that would come to us.
But I was surprised. This is my brother, not my boyfriend...

Me : Excuse me but, we're not gay!

Then she fakely laughed.

EM : Really? Then why are you leaning your head on his shoulder? You're exposing my son to homosexuality!

My Bro was already annoyed. He looked at hear straight in the eyes. 

B : And so what?

She scoffed.

EM : If he sees you, that's gonna make him gay! You're aware that being gay is bad?

This EM was tiring me even more while my brother was annoyed af.

B : Being gay isn't contagious, and we're not even gay!

Then she started screaming.

EM : Stop lying!! I saw you! If you wanna flirt, do it where nobody can see you!

I sighed. I thought that it would never end if she still thought that we were a couple

Me : Ma'am, we're brothers...

Then her face turned into a disgusted-like face while she continued screaming at us.

Em : You guys are in a relationship being BROTHERS? How disgusting! Are you from North?

(People coming from the north of the France are supposed to like incest, for other frenchies. It's just a cliché btw)

Then, my brother stood up. He works out, so he's pretty muscular, and although I'm taller than him, he's a tall man. He raised his voice but didn't scream. 

B : Instead learning your child how to be racist and homophobic, you should care about your ass and learn to be educated! 

Then she stopped screaming at us, but still, she didn't go. Instead, she started talking to my Bro in informal language. 

EM : You should know how to respect adults. Go back to your mommy and stop bothering others.

My Bro was on his nerves. He raised again his voice, and responded in informal language too.

B : I'm an adult too. And the one who's bothering is you! If you don't go away we're calling the police.

She was pretty stunned at this point, then her kid started to tap her tighs. He was whining for her mother to stop arguing and I think the little boy just wanted to go home.
Finally, she left, saying angrily that she would remember us.

Once she left, my brother sighed and sat heavily on the bench I was still sitting on, with a little "Finally..."
We just packed our things and went back home because we were tired, and then my story ends here. /nSo, I once was in a group project with three other people. You can see where this is going.

Two of them worked as hard as I did. The last one slacked.

And when I say slacked? I mean the only thing he did was copy-and-paste information onto one slide. That's all.

As this is a true story, it may not be as dramatic as other stories, but here goes:

Night before presentation: I'm allocating slides to different people based on who did what, when the kid pops up and asks why he only has one slide out of 30.

I respond: "you only did one slide out of 30, okay?"

He leaves.

20 seconds left, he rejoins.

"Hello, this is XX's mum here. Please allow my son to present his fair share. He did all the work!"

"What I allocated to him was his fair share already. You can check his edit history."

He leaves again. Then rejoins.

"Just let him do the slides! Is it that difficult?"

I'm really angry at this point. I respond: "Yes it is, cos' he'll drag our group down as I doubt he did any of the slides."

"Just let him do 10!"

Just? *Just?*

"I'm sorry, that's one third of the presentation. I can't."

I leave before I see the response.

The next day, we are forced to concede 6 slides to him after the parents petitioned the teacher.

We were angry, but couldn't do anything.

But he *did* get a lower score than the rest of us.

So... welp, that's my story.

Sorry if it's not as interesting, but at least it's real.

Edit: OMG. 2K upvotes? This is insane. Thanks everyone! Another story is coming out soon!

Edit 2: My new story is out! It’s at https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/autp8n/my_son_is_an_athlete/. Thanks for the 2.4k upvotes!/nUntil recently I worked at a job where I was allowed to keep a tip jar on the counter. I was very good at this job, friendly, and established a great rapport with my customers, so this tip jar was usually very full of ones, fives, and coins. One morning I'm messing around cleaning and chatting to regulars, and in comes a very well-dressed and affluent looking extended family. They approach the counter, the little boy who is with them loudly exclaims "I want chocolate milk and cookies!" while grabbing at the (admittedly enticing) selection of baked goods. Mother ignores him, but this is foreshadowing. She curtly places an order for some things we don't carry, and I regretfully inform her of this, but also that I know a great breakfast place around the corner that does. She asks for directions, and I'm in the process of giving them when I hear her child exclaim "Money!" and see a little hand go in my tip jar.

This has happened before with little kids. I understand they're still firming up their grip of what ownership is, and don't mean anything by it, but I work hard for my money and need it badly. It's really not a big deal to have a little grabber, but it's an embarrassing interaction for everyone involved so without breaking my speech I slide the tip jar back so the kid can't reach it. With the 5% of my brainpower I used in making that decision I figured it would make the problem vanish. WRONG.

Customer: He's just playing. He wouldn't take your money.

Me: Oh, I know. It's just a gut reaction when someone is reaching into my tip jar.

Customer: Yeah, (loudly, so all my customers hear) A RUDE ONE. My son isn't a thief. I can't believe you'd do that.

Me: I'm sure he isn't! I've just had kids snag from there before, so...

I look down and see her son still reaching for the jar, now out of reach. It was sort of helpful to my case and I think I raised my eyebrows without meaning to. This pissed her off more.

Customer: He's just playing! You've made it interesting to him by making a big deal out of this, if you'd just left it there he wouldn't care. 

I got a little flustered and said some generic customer service things, which she wasn't having at all. It was at this point I remembered she wasn't buying anything from me and wished her a nice afternoon. I consider myself an assertive person but I was red-faced and shaking by the time this was over.

On their way out the door I heard bitch mommy exclaim "Where did you get that?!" and her son respond "The jar mommy..." And she pulled a quarter out of his hand. To her credit, she came up to the counter and returned it, but she also told me he was only playing one last time. 

This is a rambling story and you're probably thinking "Seriously, all that rage just for a quarter??" but this obviously very affluent woman thinking it was her child's right to "play" with the money my paycheck-to-paycheck broke student self worked hard for really set me off. I mean, that was her argument to make me a bitch for pulling the jar away - that he was only playing./nFirst of all, this is my first post, English is nor my first language - long time lurker, but not on mobile.

&#x200B;

TL;DR is the title.

&#x200B;

Cast:

Me: Me

ERM: Entitled Roommate

EM: You know the drill

&#x200B;

So this was like 4 Years ago, so I’ll try to reconstruct it from my memory’s.

So, I was 21 Years old and started a new low paying Job. I lived still with my parents but was desperate to move out. I met some guy at work (ERM) and he was in the same situation as me.

&#x200B;

So we figured out that we should move together to save money: BIG MISTAKE

&#x200B;

His parents were well of (but divorced), so his dad “sponsored” our kitchen. It was a old kitchen for like 200USD and ERM an I took like 2 Weeks to get it assembled.

&#x200B;

(This is important later)

&#x200B;

The flat hat two Bathrooms. One old one from the 50s or 60s I think, that was very small, and had no shower, but a tiny bathtub.

The second one was very big and new, with an nice big shower.

We shared both Bathrooms.

&#x200B;

So 6 month passes and my roommate stopped working and starts studying. But he only went there twice to get money from the state and then stayed home and smoked weed all day (sponsored by his parents).

So I was working 7 Days a week (at weekends I drove Taxi) and he sat at home every day.

&#x200B;

One day he complained to me the he thinks that I am doing not enough in the household. I laughed it of, because I was most times only home to sleep and most of the dirt was his. So my ERM went to his FRICKING MOM with 22! And complained about me that he isn’t able to study because of ME.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

So no we come to the entitled mom part:

&#x200B;

She came to our flat and SCREEMED at me!

From her view I was the reason that her precious son was failing and smoking weed.

I tried to reason with her but it was impossible.

&#x200B;

So she decided that I cant use the big bathroom anymore or else I cant use the kitchen anymore. THE FRICKING KITCHEN I BUILD! I was dumb folded and my tried my best not to fall into rage. I failed. I was so angry. I told her everything (not screaming but very loud and clear) that her son is an drug addict and the HE does nothing ect.

Not to my surprise she didn’t believed a word.

&#x200B;

So I was banned from the nice bathroom and had to “shower” kneeing in the tiny bathtub for the next few months because the locked the big bathroom and hid the key.

I was overworked, had no money and had to live like a goblin in my own home. I became very depressed the next few months.

&#x200B;

No happy ending here.

&#x200B;

ERM got in to rehab because of his drug addiction and I had to move out because I wasn’t able to pay the rent alone.

He ist still an Drug addict and don’t work, still gets money from his parents and the state (he got into another Uni). But I am doing much better at the moment

&#x200B;

I hope this story belongs here because it is not much of the EM. But because of the EM I was very close to kill myself.

I still fight depressions but im doing much better :)

&#x200B;

I posted this originaly on entitled people, because i had not enough karma to post here.

&#x200B;

EDIT:

First of all thank you for the great response! You guys are awesome!

To the Drug addiction: he was addictet. If you cant stop to do something and it have negative affects on your life, it is an addiction.

\*insert "THIS IS MY OPINION" meme here\*

&#x200B;

Edit 2:

Thank you so much for Platinum <3

im so happy right now!/nSo I had a bullet keychain on my house keys and I took the keys out of my bag to check they were there. Then, while I’m putting my keys away, a kid comes up to me:

Kid: woah, can I see your keychain

Me: sure... *takes out keys*

Kid: *looking at key* that’s really cool! 

Me: yeah, it is.

Kid: were did you get it?

Me: at (local shop) a year ago...

Kid: mommy, I want that keychain (this was unexpected as he sounded pretty intelligent from the get-go)

EM: *comes over* what do you want honey?

Kid: can I have a keychain like that one?

EM: *takes a look at the keychain* hey, can we have that keychain?

Me: yeah... you can get one from the-

EM reaches over and takes the key out of my hand

Me: hey, what are you doing?

EM: you said I could have the keychain

Me: no, I was saying that you could get one from (local shop)

EM: well, you already gave it to us. So, can we have it?

Me: no, those are my keys, I won’t be able to get home if you don’t give those bag.

The EM begins fiddling with the keys, trying to get the bullet off it. I take this chance to snatch it back and I sprinted away while she screamed, “HEY WHAT ARE YOU DOING, COME BACK HERE NOW!!!” 

Needless to say, I didn’t look back.

Edit: thanks you for 2.5k upvotes!

Edit 2: thanks misery box for featuring me on his channel!/nSo, this happened 2 years ago, when I was around 15 and 17 years old. (I won't tell you my real age.) So, I had gone to the store, after saving up tons of money to buy the following things:

* New GTA video game (I broke my last one)
* A gaming headset
* A VR headset
* Some special present for my mom, because she works so hard

So, I set out to the store to buy those things. First, I got the GTA video game, which was either 4 or 5. I placed it in my cart. Then, I went to the electronics section, and got the gaming headset and VR headset. Lastly, I got a pair of cozy socks, a doormat, and a carpet cleaner for my mom. Then I proceeded to get some milk and eggs for the house, which originally wasn't on my list. Enter EM, EK1, EK2, and EK3.

&#x200B;

They walk up to me, and the conversation goes as follows.

&#x200B;

EM: "Can I use that carpet cleaner for my house? I can't find it anywhere."  
Me: "Oh, it's right back there" I say as pointing to the cleaning isle.

EM: "But they don't have that one."

By this time, all of the EK were peeking into my cart. I backed it up. 

Ek1: "Mommy! I wan't the video game!"

Me: "Sorry, but you'll have to get it over there. Besides, aren't you a little young?"

The kids were literally like 5 or 6.

EM sighs, then proceeds with "Fine."

&#x200B;

After that, I pretended like nothing happened. I walked out of the store after paying for my items. That's where I see... Can you guess? EM and her EKs. 

&#x200B;

I pretend not to notice them, but they notice me alright. They sneak up behind me and my PURCHASED items. I put them in my car, only to see 4 sneaky people glaring at me and my stuff.

&#x200B;

Me: "Uh, can I help you?"

EK1: "Can I have your toys?"

Me: "Uh, sorry. N-"

EK2: "IS THAT A VR HEADSET!"

EK3: "I WANT IT!"

By now, the EM starts grabbing what the kids want. I lost it.

Me: "GET AWAY FROM MY STUFF!!! I BOUGHT IT, NOT YOU!!!"

She runs away with half of my purchase. Luckily, a man comes out of a car marked "veteran" on the license plate, and asked me "did she steal your stuff?" I told him about it and he rushed off, along with security. When he came back, all of my stuff was returned. The woman was charged for theft. I still laugh about it to this day./nThis happened yesterday and I'm still kind of baffled at the whole exchange. I didn't think people like this actually existed. I stand corrected. It's not the most riveting tale, but it's my first run-in with a true entitled parent. TL;DR at the bottom.

I live in a major city in the Netherlands and this whole exchange took place in Dutch. I'm a guy and in my early 30s. I tend to look slightly younger than that, though.

\-

We've had a couple of really nice days in my area this last week, and it was hot enough outside during the day that I went to work in my shorts and sandals, with a bright orange tiger shirt. Our company is small and very informal. Several of my coworkers, and even the boss, won't hesitate to dress for summer if the weather allows for it. Our office is located smack dab in the middle of downtown, so I tend to go for walks during every single break.

Yesterday, towards the end of my lunch walk, this woman came up to me with her son, who looked to be about 8-9 years old. She very much looked like your typical Karen in her mid-to-late 30s.

**Karen**: Excuse me.

**Me**: Hmm?

**Karen**: You shouldn't dress like that.

**Me**: \*a little flustered\* Excuse me?

**Karen**: \*pointing at my shorts and sandals\* It's extremely inappropriate to be dressed like that this time of year.

**Me**: It's a hot and sunny day.

**Karen**: It's not summer yet. You should be wearing long pants and proper shoes. I don't need to see your feet! You're teaching my son it's okay to dress inappropriately!

*Normally, I'm very much the kind of person who tries to avoid conflicts. But I was getting really annoyed already and I hadn't slept much the night before, so I'm ashamed to say I had a short fuse that day. Her kid was barely even paying attention to the conversation and was playing what looked like Pokémon on his Switch.*

**Me**: I can wear whatever I damn well please. I am in no way obligated to conform to your warped fashion standards. I need to get back to work and I don't have time for your nonsense. Have a nice day.

*I turned to leave, thinking that would be the end of it. But she immediately came after me and matched my pace.*

**Karen**: Don't you take that tone with me young man! You need to learn some manners!

*She couldn't have been more than 4-5 years older than me at the very most, but w/e.*

**Me**: Excuse me? You're the one who walked up to a stranger to give them crap about their attire. If anyone needs to learn some manners it's you. Now kindly piss off.

*Note: yeah, I probably shouldn't have said that.*

**Karen**: WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?! I want you to apologize to us or else I'll have a word with your company. I'm sure they won't appreciate you being dressed like a slob!

**Me**: \*completely done with her at this point\* Fine. See if I care.

She kept mumbling and complaining under her breath as she followed me.

This encounter took place only a few hundred feet from my office, so we reached our building pretty quickly. I'm sure Karen had already prepared a nice little speech to get me fired or something. But as we walked up to the building, I think she realized how futile that would be...

Out in front were several of my coworkers. Our main IT guy, a couple project managers, and our boss. All in shorts. Some in sandals. Boss in flip flops. And IT guy was barefoot. They basically looked like a bunch of rowdy graduate students enjoying a hot summer day outside. As I say hi to my coworkers, I turn around to face Karen, who was just a few feet behind me.

**Me**: I believe you had something to say?

I was kind of hoping she would say something, because these coworkers of mine can be extremely sarcastic. They talk to annoying clients all the time and they love a good confrontation. She had a look on her face that would curdle milk. Sadly she just huffed and did a dramatic turnaround. We had a good laugh about it when I told them what had just happened.

\-

**TL;DR** \- It was a nice and sunny day. A wild Karen appeared and scolded me for wearing shorts and sandals, saying I was corrupting her child with my fashion sense. Followed me back to my office to try to get me in trouble. Turned around when she saw several coworkers dressed pretty much the same way./nThis is my second or third post on Reddit and after a altercation with a CB I never thought I would have another story to post. But here we are again. 
Seeing as I have no idea how things go here I'm sorry in advance if I format any of this incorrectly!

I have two kids that absolutely love hanging out with all kids of every age in our area, so needless to say, I always have a yard full of children on any given day. I never mind that though as I would rather have them outside playing instead of inside on their video games. Since this is an every single day thing, I always make sure I have water bottles and snacks for any kids that shows up since I don't want my kids to eat or drink in front of other kids without having stuff to share with their friends. 

This is where it starts...yesterday I was outside painting a nightstand in my driveway while a group of 10 kids were playing in my yard. I hear a car speeding around the corner and turn around to see a car slam on their breaks directly in front of my house. I assumed this was a hostel person upset about something, so I tell all the kids to go to the back yard while I figure out what this person's problem is. As I get to the end of the driveway I see this lady telling her child (probably 5 or 6 years old) to get out and go play. I stand there confused as I've never seen this child before. So I walk to her passengers door and here's the conversation

Me- Hi! I think you have the wrong address?
Psycho bitch- No I don't. I'll be back around 8 or 9 to get her.
(It's 4pm)
Me- Um? Yeah that's cool but I don't think this small child should be left alone for that long?
PB- Alone?!?!? You will be watching her!!!
Me- I won't be watching anyone, so again wrong house. 
PB- You have all the neighborhood kids here you can add another one. She hasn't eaten yet so she needs lunch and dinner. 
Me- I have my kids friends here. I'm not watching them. They are here by choice and with their parents permission. I also don't feed any child until I have spoken directly to their parents and make sure I know of any allergy's and it's snacks. I don't cook meals for anyone. 
She attempts to drive off. So I yell. 
IF YOU LEAVE HER HERE YOU CAN PICK HER UP FROM THE POLICE STATION.
That comment didn't sit well with her. She threw her car in park and got out to get in my face.
PB- Are you threatening me? I can say you kidnapped her and have you thrown in jail!
Me- (pointing to the security cameras on my home) PLEASE DO! I WOULD LOVE THAT!
At this point she lifts her hand in an attempt to hit me. That didn't happen as she looked down and seen that I was open carrying. When she sees my weapon she quickly yells for her child and gets in her car. She throws it in reverse and fly's into my driveway (probably in an attempt to scare me, which it didn't) coming within inches of hitting me and in the process runs over the nightstand I was painting and breaking it while damaging her own car. 
PB- You will be getting a bill from my lawyer for damaging me car!!
Again I point out my security cameras. When she leaves I call the police and the parents of all the children that were at my house. I turn over the footage to the police and send copies to the parents (to cover myself in case this parent tried to accuse me of things that weren't true) 
The police have since reached out saying they had located the woman because she had infact tried to file a police report saying I held her at gunpoint and tried to kidnap her daughter. Apparently she thought my cameras were just for show. She unfortunately waited a bit too long to file the fake report since I had already made a report and turned over the footage to the police by the time she had called. She got in trouble for making a false police report and again when her insurance company reached out to me for my insurance info since she claimed my car hit hers. She lives in my area so I'm sure this won't be the last time I see this parent or child. I do feel bad for the kid though. She was looking so horrified the entire time this was going on, and if the parent had simply asked if her daughter could play at my house I would have said yes and got the parents phone number and everything would have been fine! Some parents should really not have kids. Who would even want to leave their child with a complete stranger?/nThis is a story my uncles told me a few weeks ago so everything might not be accurate.

&#x200B;

At the time of this story, I was nearly 4years old. My mom was currently having a weekend with my aunts, leaving me with my lovely nan (Unfortunately called Karen) and my two uncles who I'll call Conner and Michael. My uncle Conner is only 14 months older than me so he was about 6 while Michael was about 9. My nan had to go shopping and because I had (undiagnosed at the time) Autism, she knew that it wouldn't be a good idea to take me. So, she asked my uncles to take me to a park that was a 5 minute walk from her house.

&#x200B;

Michael didn't want to take me, but after Conner and I got very excited, he finally decided to take us. I kept running ahead of the two and Michael had to hold onto my coat so I wouldn't end up in the road. When we got to the park, I immediately started playing with kids I found. Conner joined in while Michael just watched us with a grumpy expression.

&#x200B;

There were a couple of parents were watching us, and Conner said that one of them was staring at me. We'll call this woman Daphne. At that age, I had platinum blonde hair which made my teal eyes stand out. Not green or blue, but just in the middle. Depending on the light, they can be more blue or more green. I also had another feature that she was paying a lot of attention to. My shirt had gotten torn on a branch after falling into a bush which exposed my love heart shaped birthmark.

&#x200B;

I'm deadly serious about that. If you want, I'll take a photo and link it onto the post. It's a bit faded now that I'm older, but when I was little, it was very prominent. Daphne, the moment she saw that, locked onto me like a laser. Like I was a flashlight in a very dark cave. Michael told me that he saw it was well and was why he came over to keep an even closer eye on me.

&#x200B;

My nan had told Michael that we had to be home before 2pm, and after asking one of the fathers there, it was getting very close to 1:50. My uncle Michael likes to be places early because you "Never know what might come up" like traffic and such. So, he told Conner and me that we had to go. We were forlorn that our fun had come to an end, but then got happy when we thought about what Nan had gotten us from the shop.

&#x200B;

That is where Daphne comes in. Michael has the best memory out of us three as he was older so he gave most of the details:

&#x200B;

**Daphne: "Excuse me, but where are you going?"**

**Michael: "The moon."** I get much of my sass from my uncles. **"Not really. I'm taking my little brother and niece home."**

**Daphne: "Niece?"** She apparently said that as if it was a worse swear than C\*\*\*.

**Michael: "Yeah. She's a pain, but she belongs to my big sister."**

**Daphne: "She can't be your niece. You're too young!"**

**Michael: "My big sister 20."**

**Daphne: "Oh, she's one of** ***those***\*\*."\*\* Teen pregnancies aren't as frowned upon now as they were back then. But this woman was speaking as if it was some vile taboo. **"Teenagers who can't use protection shouldn't have children. This little angel would be much better off with me."**

**Conner: "Who're you?"**

**Me: "Yeh."**

**Michael: "Miss, we really need to go. We're going to be late and I don't want my mom getting mad at me."**

**Daphne: "You're beautiful."** She ignores my two uncles and comes for me. I don't like being touched so I whine when she grabs me. The woman lifts up my shirt to see my birthmark better. **"And what a wonderful birthmark. Such lovely eyes..."** My uncles decided to tell me what she said in a very creepy voice, so it was probably less dramatic.

**Michael: "You're being really creepy."**

**Conner: "Let OP go!"** Conner is more of a brother to me than an uncle, so he didn't like that she was touching me.

**Daphne: "I'll give you some money if you just go home. She'll be much happier with me."**

&#x200B;

She took money from her purse and shoved it into Michael's hand. It was £5, I was worth as much as a tub of Ice Cream in her mind. Michael protested when she picked me up, and I was wriggling a lot, trying to get her to put me down. Conner started hitting her leg. Her son looked confused as to why his mom was carrying the girl he was playing with and followed her along with my uncles.

&#x200B;

I got scared and started crying. This gained the attention of the other parents who, somehow, didn't hear Daphne being creepy. They saw my uncles trying to get the woman to let me go and they finally got off their backsides after she pushed Michael so hard he fell and scrapped the back of his hand. Sadly, only two of the eight people there decided to help. When I was told that, I was quite annoyed.

&#x200B;

I'll call the two parents (Go dads) Lenny and Lucy.

&#x200B;

**Lenny: "Is something wrong?"**

**Daphne: "Oh, she's just a bit cranky. I'm taking her home to have a nap."**

**Michael: "Put my niece down!"** He kicked her very hard and Lucy held onto his shoulders to stop him. **"She's trying to take my niece!"**

**Daphne: "These boys keep attacking me. Please make them leave me and my daughter alone."**

Me: Crying a lot while slapping the woman's arm. Her nails dug into my arm, making it bleed a little which resulted in a scar.

**Lucy: "Miss, I don't think she likes being held like that."**

**Daphne: "She's fine."**

**Conner: "What's her name?"**

**Daphne: Starts to pale a little.**

**Michael: "Yeah, what's MY niece's name?"**

**Daphne: "Jennifer!"** She smiled. I had no reaction to the name and then slapped her in the face by accident. **"Jennifer, don't hit mommy!"**

**Michael: "OP!"** I look at him instantly when he says my name. Michael said that I had stopped slapping the lady as well.

**Me: "Wan go home!"**

**Daphne's son: "My mom gave them £5, then picked her up."** Thanks whoever you are.

&#x200B;

After it was obvious that Daphne had tried to buy me, the woman just throws me on the ground and then runs off. Lenny catches her and tackles her. I was crying, my uncles were trying to calm me down and Lucy was calling the police. The other parents came in to help us. I had a bit of a bruise on me after being thrown to the ground, a cut on my arm and possible emotional trauma.

&#x200B;

Lucy took us to her car and drove us to Nan's house. She was obviously confused as to why a stranger had us, and Michael said that my Nan turned a shade of red in anger that had never been seen before. She looked ready to rip somebody in half.

&#x200B;

While my uncles were telling me what they'd seen, my Nan joined to tell all three of us what happened afterwards. The woman had apparently lost her daughter in a car crash that looked a lot like me and was desperate to replace her. The little girl was called Jennifer. Stupidly, the police had been called two times before because she attempted the same thing, but this was the closest she came to actual kidnapping.

&#x200B;

I was told she was put in prison for three years and another three with probation. Her son was left with his dad, and my mom was pretty freaked out as she, for some reason, hadn't been told why I was so upset when she got back from being with her sisters.

&#x200B;

So, that was my story. Truthfully, I feel bad for her. She lost her daughter and had gone so far in grief that she was willing to kidnap a kid to end the pain. She wasn't well in the head, so I don't entirely blame her. Maybe she's in a better place? I don't know. She shouldn't have fucking kidnapped me, which I'll always be annoyed about, but I still feel sorry for her. I actually kinda hope that she's doing better.

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading.

&#x200B;

Edit: I nearly broke my shoulder taking a photo of my birthmark because it's on my back, and Reddit won't let me post it, annoyingly. Sorry.

&#x200B;

Edit 2: I've posted the picture on my [profile](https://www.reddit.com/user/Kosa_Twilight/comments/b8ec99/my_birthmark/) which should show my faded birthmark./nHi,  this is my first post here. Most of the conversations that happened in  this story where in my native tongue (Dutch) so i did my best to  translate everything. This all happened a few weeks ago.

&#x200B;

Our cast:

YS - Younger Sister

Mom - Our mom

Me - Me :3

ES - Entitled son

EM - Entitled mom

&#x200B;

As  for a bit of backstory, I'm a 22 year old guy that lives with his mom  and has 2 siblings. This story is about my YS and she is 17 y/o.

&#x200B;

One  day i was preparing dinner as my YS came home from school crying. My  mom, who was sitting at the kitchen table, immediately rushed over and  asked what was wrong. Turns out she being bullied at school by some 19  y/o guy (ES) who failed to graduate high school twice in a row. It all  started with name calling but it now had evolved in to waiting for her  outside to "cop a feel".

&#x200B;

Me and my mom got enraged instantly and my mom called the school to ask  for the ES parents contact info. After explaining what happen school  gave her the phone number of the guys mom (EM) and said they would keep  an eye out.

&#x200B;

So my mom called EM:

mom: "Hello, this is the mother of YS. Your son has been bullying and feeling up my daughter"

EM: "Hello, and i know"

mom: "Good, hope he gets what he deserves and that it won't happen again"

EM: "What do you mean?"

mom: "Excuse me, your son has been sexually harassing my daughter and you aren't gonna do anything about it?!"

EM: "No, why should I? I rather have him bullying people then being bullied."

&#x200B;

My mom was in complete disbelieve and just decided to hang up. My YS used  public transport to get around but i decided i would give her rides from  and to school. For the next few days i went to pick her up and nothing  happened. But one day I saw my YS coming out of the building and getting  cornered by a group of 3 guys, one was obviously older so i knew it had  to be the ES. I got out of the car and made a B line to the guy that  was closing in on my YS. When i got there i pulled him off her and  pushed him back.

&#x200B;

ES: "WHO THE FUCK DO YOU THINK YOUR TOUCHING!!!"

me: "Who the fuck do you think YOU are touching?!"

ES: "That's non of your fucking business, now get the fuck out!"

me: "It is my fucking business because that my YS."

ES: "GET OUT OF MY WAY OR I'LL MAKE YOU."

me: While smirking "I would like to see you try."

&#x200B;

For  context, I'm a pretty skinny dude and not intimidating at all. But I've  been practicing martial arts for the past 11ish years so I know how to  land a punch or two ;)

&#x200B;

ES: "Have it your way then"

After saying this he threw a punch my way which i very easily parried/blocked. And i pushed him back again.

me: "This is the last warning you will get from me. Back off now and nobody has get hurt"

ES: "You are only saying that because you don't wanna get hurt. Get him boys!"

&#x200B;

His  second punch was a very sloppy right hook going for my jaw. Which I  parried/blocked again fairly easily but this time i added a  counter-punch and landed a direct hit on his [celiac plexus](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3d/Celiac_plexus_coronal.png). Landing a (good) direct punch there results in your [diaphragm](https://cdn.britannica.com/s:300x300/88/91188-004-0C7D7D1D.jpg)  being pushed up and squeezing a lot, if not all, air out of your lungs.  The moment ES hit the ground both of his "boys" backed off immediately  and just left him behind. With ES on the ground wheezing to get some air  back in his lungs i walked my YS back to the car and just went home.

&#x200B;

About  5 minutes after we got home my mom got a phone call from, you guessed  it, the EM. I never heard the full conversation but it kinda went like  this.

&#x200B;

EM: "WTF HAVE YOU DONE. HOW DARE YOU SEND SOME GUY TO BEAT UP MY SON!!!"

I  hadn't updated my mom yet so she just looked over and asked "Did  you...?" while pointing at her phone. I just smiled and that was enough  for her to understand.

mom: "What do you mean?"

ES: "YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN YOU FUCKING BITCH. YOU HIRED SOME GUY TO BEAT UP MY SON"

mom: "Well, i wouldn't say hired..."

ES: "DOESN'T MATTER, HE IS TRAUMATIZED NOW AND YOU ARE PAYING FOR HIS TREATMENT!!!"

mom:  "That's not gonna happen. First of all that was my oldest son and not  some random guy. Second, i'm just happy to hear that my kids are  bullying other kids in stead of getting bullied" she said the last part  with a huge grin on her face and just hung up.

&#x200B;

The EM tried to call back 30ish time but my mom just silenced her phone. I  kept picking up my YS for a couple weeks after just to make sure nothing  would happen. After about 2 weeks it took her longer then usual to get  out of the building so i went in to see what's up.

&#x200B;

The  second i stepped in to the building some kid called me out and asked if  i where YS's older brother. I said yes, asked what's up and if my YS  was okay. Turns out she just had to stay in after class for a couple  minutes to get scolded on some little prank she pulled. The kid also  told me that me beating up ES had spread like wildfire trough the whole  school.

After  talking with this kid for a while, while waiting for my YS, i found out  that ES had been terrorizing the whole school and that nobody did a  thing about it. Even the school always went easy on him for whatever  reason. And after i put him in his place everyone realized what a  pushover he actually was.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I ended a ES's bullying career with one punch :P

&#x200B;

EDIT: Spelling

EDIT2: Holy shit, GOLD!!!! TWICE!!!! Big thanks to the both of you <3

EDIT3: Another gold :O tyvm <3

EDIT4: Yet another gold, tyvm. Y'all are awesome peeps :D

EDIT5: HO..LY..SHIT, thanks a million for the platinum \\o/

EDIT6: Silver \\o/, tyvm :D/nEdit: Double silver? Y'all shouldn't have. You guys kick ass.


So I used to work for a video game store. I won't say which one, but they'll give you a dollar fifty for the rarest new game while trying to sell a two year old EA roster update for more than 1/3 retail. Yeah. That one.

This story took place about 12 or 13 years ago. If the details seem suspect, blame the ol' thinker, which has been through a lot in the span between then and now.

The backstory:

I worked there for about 3 months and had to move back out of town for school. This period in time lines up with the release of the Nintendo Wii when you couldn't get enough of them in to satisfy demand (and I have stories about that for another day, believe you me) and when it became a thing for sad middle aged stay-at-home mothers to dump their kids places and pretend to be the annoying bitch quartet from Sex In The City. You'd see them in the mall walking four abreast, impeding foot traffic and being super bitchy about everything. Sometimes you'd see one sidle up to the store, dump her kid(s) off, and fuck off before we could yell at her to get her kids.

We always hated this, because we were paid just a hair above minimum wage to do a sales job, not babysit temporarily abandoned fuck trophies. Usually the kids were cool, but you did get the odd piece of shit kid.

Where The Story Begins;

Entitled Fat Kid (EFK) was just such a kid. He'd waddle in out of nowhere with a paper bag full of cheese slices and a can of something or other, plop himself down on the ground in front of the demo DSes, yank off his shoes and socks, and just eat cheese, play his own DS, get shitty about other kids playing the public use DSes, and occasionally bother staff about the washrooms or buying him more pop, which he expected we'd just do out of our own wallets.

First few times he was there for about an hour or two, then put his shoes (not his socks, which were disgusting) back on and fuck off elsewhere. We figured it was another temporarily abandoned kid. And then we started getting the phone calls.

Me: Welcome to [REDACTED] where [SALES PITCH]. How can I help you?

Entitled Mom (EM): Is EFK there?

Me: Who?

EM: EFK. My son. Is he there?

Me: We dont have an EFK working here. Maybe try one of our other locations.

EM: [audibly irritated] No. He's there right now. I'm just making sure he's had his snack and gone to the bathroom. Apparently nobody there has been taking him when he needs to go so he's been wandering home instead.

Me: Um...what?

EM: Can I speak to your manager? I do t know what kind of a shit show you guys are running but I worked in childcare for years and when a child had to go, you dropped everything and took them to the washroom...

Me: Do you...Ma'am, do you think this is a *daycare* or something!?

EM: My sister does it all the time at [OTHER MALL] when she and her friends go shopping so...

Me: Yeah. No. Not a daycare. This is a place of business, not a childcare facility. Come get your kid.

EM: He's not bothering anyone. Just keep the other kids from getting up in his personal space and he'll be fine. [hangs up]

This continues every couple of days or so, usually with me fighting this lady on the phone about her kid and telling her to come grab her kid.

One day I decide I've had just about enough of this shitty little crotch goblin treating the store I'm in like his own personal clubhouse and trying to get us to let him play games he hasn't paid for, which his mother kept berating us for not letting him do. We never saw her. He'd just leave his trash in his usual spot and waddle out. When the call came in, she just straight started barking orders and I was 100% done.

Me: EFK isn't here. His uncle came and got him.

EM: ...what?

Me: Yeah. Sandy hair. Moustache. White dude. Maybe about 5'9 or so. Said he was his uncle. Took the kid by the hand and made for the food court. You might catch them there if you're  around...

The line goes dead.

10 minutes later, a clone of God Warrior lady trundles in with two cops, breath that could stop a diesel train and a wicked bad attitude.

EM: YOU GAVE MY SON TO A PEDOPHILE! YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL!

Me: Your son? The halfway brain dead little shit eating his way into an early heart attack over there? I thought he might be yours. Yeah. He's fine, but we're throwing him out of the store and he's not coming back. Ever. We are not a *fucking* daycare service, lady. This is a place of business! If he's not buying, he's not welcome. You wanna ask my manager what she thinks of people dumping their kids in here? I'll go grab her.

Cop 1: So you didn't hand a child over to a...

Me: No, but I wouldn't know what any if these kids relatives look like because they just get dumped here and picked up later.

EM: If you look after theirs, how is my son any different?

Me: Do you...are you even a customer around here?

EM: I leave the shopping to his older sister. I dont shop here. I live across the street.

Cop 1: So you drop him off?

EM: [now lying through her teeth] I leave him right here at the door and it's never been a problem.

Eventually, Cop 2 talks to the kid and finds out that he more or less throws a handful of cheese products and a can of whatevers in the fridge into a bag and wanders off on his own. Across a busy 4 lane street with a light entitled fucks love to run, through a parking lot, and across the longest possible angle of the mall. EM keeps insisting that it's okay because none of the other kids in there have parents with them either and if we didn't want kids hanging out, we wouldn't have video games everywhere.

Things escalated once the cops, mall security drawn in by their fascination with real cops, several parents, a few adult customers, and the cute girl from the A&W all told her that the mall at large and this store in particular were not responsible for the health, safety, and well-being of her child.

Eventually, Piece Of Shit Dad (POSD) comes storming in.

He tries to hand me a $5. I decline. He tries to pretend that I've always pocketed $5 to take care of his kid. I refute that and ask the cops to get me something to write out a statement on. POSD gathers his son and wife and tries to leave after shoving a few DS game boxes (all empty because we're not stupid) into his sweatpants when he thought his wife had everyone distracted. The cops follow them.

Two days later, POSD comes in (in mid July, just after monsoon season around here) in a hoodie and sweatpants trying to get a refund on all the games he thought he stole. I told him to try opening the boxes. When he realized his master plan to get cash back for returning games he thought he stole wasn't going to work, he tried yelling at me for selling him empty cases and demanded a refund.

I asked him how having his kid around more often was working out for him, and he spat on the counter and stormed out. Never saw him or anyone else from his family again./nTLDR: Entitled great aunt doesn't want to respect her sisters final wishes, gets into the hearse on the day of her funeral and refuses to move because of her kids . 

This is a long one guys so strap yourselves in.

A bit of background to this. My grandmother was one of ten children and growing up she always came into conflict with her younger sister (let's call her Entitled Great Aunt or EGA). My grandmother's family were very much on the poverty line, but EGA was alway entitled and jealous of my grandmother because she was older and she believed her mother preferred my grandmother to her.

This entitlement never stopped, all the way from their childhood to a few years ago, and it got much worse once EGA had a few kids. She would be constantly demanding money from my great-grandma, as well as jewelery and other things because 'she deserved them' which quickly turned into 'my kids deserve it' as they got older. I cannot stress how much this woman annoyed everyone in our family and some of my earliest childhood memories were my grandmother arguing with EGA over the phone over her latest set of demands.

A few years ago my grandmother discovered she was seriously ill and soon told the rest of the family that she was dying and only had a short time left. By this point my grandmother only talked to EGA around twice a year, and hadn't seen her kids for about a decade, but she assumed that her sister would at least want to visit her before she passed.

Boy was she wrong. Not only did EGA refuse to visit her sister because 'my daughter is bringing over her precious baby next week' but also insisted that her children would be 'too emotionally damaged' if she left them to see her dying sister. Bare in mind that her children are in their 40s at this point and all have families of their own and don't live with her. My grandmother, despite not getting along with EGA, was devastated and in all honesty we think the way EGA treated her that day sapped a lot of her willpower by the end.

Now before my grandmother died she had planned her funeral, and on the day of the funeral she only wanted her three grandchildren (me included of course), her daughter and son, my older cousin and my grandfather who understandably was heartbroken having been married for over 50 years in the hearse behind the coffin. We had told the family this, and also told everyone who was attending that we didn't want anyone showing up at my grandfather's house before as he really wasn't up to seeing a lot of people.

EGA was FUMING that her and her two daughters were not going to be in the funeral car despite it being my grandmother's wishes. She called up my grandfather and insisted that her and her two daughters would be going in the funeral car. Her argument was that 'grandmother loved my daughters like her own, they always went to see her' and that they 'deserved to be in that car to show just how close they were to grandmother.' Now obviously none of that was true, and they hadn't seen my grandmother in a decade, so my grandfather simply told her no and hung up the phone.

This is not where this ends however. On the day of the funeral, a few close family members had gone to my grandads house before the funeral as that was where the funeral car was picking us up. We were all sat in the living room when we see EGA and her two daughters get out of a car and come towards the house. Now by this point we are pissed (my older cousin wanted to refuse her entry to the house) as she was not only disrespecting my grandmother but my grandfather who really was not up to her bullshit.

The three of them came into the house and to be honest they acted pretty normal. EGA was pulling out the crocodile tears and going on about how much she had done for my grandmother over the years, but other than that not much happened.

Then the hearse arrives. We all start to get up and ready to go outside, when EGA and her daughters rush out of the door. We thought they just wanted to make sure they were ready to leave when the rest of us got into the hearse, but EGA walks up to the hearse and GETS IN with her daughters.

Honestly we couldn't believe what we were seeing. My older cousin and uncle walked up to the hearse and demanded to know what she was playing at. The conversation went something like this:

OC: 'EGA you need to get out, there isn't space for you in the hearse'

EGA: 'Yes there is. Grandmother would have wanted me and my two angels to be in this hearse. They deserve it after the year they have had.'

OC: 'She didn't want you guys in the hearse. I'm sorry, but if you three stay in then there isn't enough room for her grandchildren.'

EGA: 'Those three can make their own way there. You can drive them (points to my uncle) I can't have my daughters disrespected by not riding in a place of honour like this.'

Her daughters honestly just sat there and said nothing. I don't really know them that well but they are nowhere near as bad as their mother and they looked extremely embarassed over the whole thing. 

At this point we are all fuming. My older cousin lost it and unloaded on her, telling her she was a terrible person, that she never bothered with my grandmother and always hated her and that her daughters did precisely nothing for her in ten years. EGA was shocked but her daughters (who I think EGA told were meant to be in the hearse) got out and virtually pulled EGA to her other car. 

We then got to the funeral, none of us spoke to EGA, she put on a big show loudly whimpering and crying as well as bemoaning how hard the day was for her kids. She left soon after and didn't bother showing up to the wake. 

Quite a few of my family members pretty much disowned her after this. I've never met someone so callous and entitled at the same time to ignore their sisters last wishes because she believes her kids deserve to ride in a hearse. 

I've got quite a few stories about EGA from after this though, especially the stuff she pulled when her own mother was seriously ill. 
/nWhen my youngest son was little, he spent a lot of time in hospitals. Too much. When he was going through any type of painful procedure, he had a dancing clown that played soft music that he concentrated on to help stop the panic and help with the pain. It was a very adorable clown.


When he 6yo, he had to have a major surgery. Life or death type of surgery. He was so sick. Of course, the clown was with us. With my son being in pain, I had that clown going 24/7. 

The child in the room next to us was *(as I found out later)* going through chemo. Unfortunately, she wasn't handling it well physically. She would cry all night long. Poor baby. 

Around 11PM on our 3rd night, my son woke up to the little girl's cries. I go to start the clown and he stops me. He asked me to give his clown to the “baby crying”. Since my son was drugged up, I asked him if he was sure as he was going to need it. He told me that she needed it more than him cause she can't stop crying. 

*Yeah, that was a proud momma moment.*

So I go to the next room with the clown and peek in to see if anyone is awake. Both the mother and child are. I knocked, explained why I was intruding, started up the clown and handed him over. Like me, the mother kept that clown going almost continuously. 

2 days later, the mother stopped by our room and asked if she could use the clown again. We didn't have it. I went up to the nurses station, explained that the clown was given to the little girl and was now gone. I wanted it found. Now! *(5 days without much sleep made me a bit cranky)*. 

It was found. Fortunately. And given back to the little girl. 

One of the nurse's aid had taken it for her child because “Well, that girl wasn't going to need it much longer and my daughter likes clowns.”

I don't know if she got fired but I didn't see her again. 


/nApologies for any grammatical errors, English isn't my 1st language. I'm translating the dialogue to English so the story may not be as accurate as what really happened. Also for the formatting, Im on mobile.

I recently got an ahegao hoodie in late January this year, and I bought it off of Amazon with my Christmas money. Amazon sure is expensive when ordering overseas, so the product was worth the cost and wait.

For those who don't know, ahegao is a term used for the silly facial expression of females when in sexual intercourse, in hentai (anime pornography) and doujinshi's (self-published manga, some pornographic). The hoodie shows no explicit content, so wearing it is acceptable in the community. For the weebs in this sub who understand how legendary this hoodie is, then, great.

I am the very first person in our local area to ever flex a hoodie like this. Weebs fear wearing it because they know that the facial expressions all over the hoodie are sexual. They think you'll get criticized, but actually you're getting compliments. A lot.

Almost everyday I wear it I get a compliment from someone I don't know. My friends know I have a lot of "fans" in the campus, just by wearing the hoodie. 
This day comes around, and things go unexpected.

Onto the story:

My friends and I were walking home from school and decided to stop by and eat at McDonald's. We sat down and gave our money to our friend who was going to order for us. We bring out our phones and play a custom 3v3 while waiting for our order. 

Then EK comes to me, looks at me and my phone. I thought he was just watching me playing, cuz they just really like watching people play. I didn't notice what he was paying attention to at all cuz when I'm in game, i really focus on it. Seconds later I hear a "I want that" from a voice of a child. I didn't mind it cuz my team was nearly fucked.

Moments after EK brings EM with him towards our table. The game was done and our team lost, and I wasnt playing anymore, so I had no idea what he and his mother was doing at our table. 

EK: "This one Ma! I really want it!" *points at my hoodie*

Then I realize what this kid is up to. Clearly EK doesn't know anything about the hoodie, he only likes it for the design. I look at my friends, and they smile at me, cuz I am yet to receive another compliment.

EM: "My son really finds your *jacket* nice and cool. Can I have it?"

We thought of it as a joke and we just laughed at what this lady said to me.

EM: *clears throat* "I said, can I have it? My son's birthday is close, so it would be nice for him to have an early birthday present."

At this point I realize she's serious about this. A bad aura is emanating from our group, clearly directed to this lady.

Me: "No, this is my hoodie, and I can't just give it to someone else. Plus, it doesnt fit him, and this hoodie isn't for someone his age when he finds out what this is." 

EM: "I don't give a damn. Come on, be a gentleman for once and hand me that *jacket*. You wouldn't want to disrespect the elderly, would you?"

Now I'm pissed. I managed to keep my cool and talk as calmly as possible, and to not be demeaning at all. I throw fits when I'm alone but I always keep myself contained in public. My friends are whispering to each other "Damn, this lady annoying af" "GTFO pls".

Me: "Ma'am, this is my personal belonging and I get to decide what I do with it. I said I'm not giving it to anyone, not even to my friends."

Apparently I may have said it in a clearly annoyed way that the tone of my voice was hurtful for her. And she was getting annoyed at me.

One of my friends said to EM, "Ma'am you're making a scene, please leave, you're embarrassing us and yourself as well".

EM: *to my friend* "Shut up. Are you the one I'm talking to? This is none of your business."

EK: "Ma, I want it, get it for me!" *tightly grasps on my hoodie*

EM: "You're making such a huge fuss trying to argue with me. Just give it to me." *reaches over to the hood of my hoodie*

I stand up from the chair to avoid EM's hand and try to make the kid release his grasp. He wouldn't give in, so I slapped his arm away from my hoodie. The kid had sharp nails. Had I pulled his hand away, the hoodie might have been ripped. I didn't even do it hard, like the motion of your hand if you were to fan a piece of paper off a table. The kid was overreacting, holding his arm and started to pretend-cry. EM was furious.

EM: "How dare you hit my son like that!? You just don't have manners do you!?" *motions hand to slap me*

My group of friends would usually fight each other for sport, so I was used to this kind of stuff.

Me: *lifts arm to block her slap*

I am unusually skinny, so my bones are quite clear from elbow to wrist. She hit my armbone, and her slap was quite strong, so her hand was in pain after trying to slap me. Since the bone was hit, I felt almost nothing.

EM: "Why did you do that!?" 

EM goes up to an employee and says "I physically assaulted her and her son, blah blah blah". Little did she know that the employees were seeing and listening to the whole thing, as our voices were already loud.

Employee: "You've made quite a show Ma'am. Please leave."

EM: "NO! NOT UNTIL THAT MOTHERFUCKER ASKS FOR FORGIVENESS TO WHAT HE'S DONE TO MY BABY AND ME!"

She screams at employee to his face with her child right beside her.Employee was having none of her shit. 

The other employee calls the security on her, and she was dragged out of McDonalds, still screaming at the top of her lungs.

I was angry at that woman for how she treated me and my friends like we were the ones at fault. Never had I ever been so disgusted at a person like that.

The place calmed down, and we began to eat. We managed to just laugh it off, and hoping we never encounter that bitch again.

If that woman is here on Reddit, then hi. If you want a hoodie like mine you can order one for your kid on Amazon. 

Edit: thx for the gold, kind stranger!

- Just for clarifications, if you're wondering why there is security at our McDonalds, I'm sure you're not in the same country as I am. Every restaurant and food chain in our country has a security guard, just standing outside the building, right by the door.

I am 14 years old. Yes, I admit to watching hentai and reading doujins. Not the norm for kids like me you say? I can count the number of people who dont watch hentai/porn in our classroom of 43, with one hand. The absolute madlad.

I didn't wear the hoodie cuz I was dared to (maybe). During Christmas, we did exchanging gifts in our class. Basically you pick out a random name from your class, and whoever you got, you will be the one gifting that person to. I asked for a Hentai Haven logo T-shirt, and when the Christmas party came i got one. One of my weeb classmates said "weak.". I was like "OK... what were you expecting? I said Hentai Haven. I got what I wanted". Fast forward a few weeks, I ordered an ahegao hoodie from Amazon around January 2-ish, this year. The first time I wore it to school the weebmate who said "weak." was in disbelief. His reaction was priceless, and he was yelling "YOOOOOO, WTFFFF!?!?". I'm pretty sure I showed him I'm not weak. (R.I.P. Papa HH, we are waiting for your return T-T)

For those who want to buy one/wear one in public:

You absolutely can. Do not fear the people around you. Be proud. I wore a face mask going to school everyday, so it might help you if you're socially incapable of doing such. I was also really afraid to wear it when the product came to our house, but just brave up, wear it, go outside, flex it, and feel good about it.

If you were called out by teachers/principal, WYD?

I came prepared to the scenarios that were going to happen. What if a teacher came up to me and make me explain the hoodie? The script in my mind went like this:

"Why, is something wrong with the hoodie?"

'That thing is indecent and shouldn't be worn in public!'

"Whats so indecent about this? They're just faces of girls."

'Oh, you know for sure where these *girls* are from, don't you?'

"Well yes, but me wearing this doesn't break any law, right? Surely pornographic material isn't allowed in the campus, but is this really pornographic? What makes this hoodie pornographic?"

Try to corner your teacher into the thought that there is nothing wrong with your hoodie. He will not be able to suspend you as long as you explain that you are not breaking the rules of the school.

I haven't tried saying anything like this, its only in my mind if ever a scenario like that happens. So it might not be foolproof, but worth a shot to get out of your teacher's suspicion. XD

Expect the worst, get the best. Expect to receive criticisms when wearing one. I never got any criticisms but also don't expect you're not going to get any. Society is different in other countries, and the majority of what people consider acceptable in countries like mine may not be in yours, say, America. Just brave up and ignore any criticism you will probably get. A lot of people will compliment you, even people who you do not even know. The feeling of being complimented by random strangers everytime I wore it was pure bliss.

/nSo I used to fence.

Now for some reason, fencing swords (foils,  épées and sabres) are still built as thrusting swords and so they have a very sharp point covered with a rubber guard. This does mean however that being poked with one hurts a lot less than it would if it was uncovered.

Fencing swords are also very very flexible and when you see pictures of the sport, it can look like the blade is about to snap (that has happened in the past and at the World Championships in 1982, that did lead to the death of a the defending Olympic gold medallist).

So this story of an EM and EK takes place at a summer school for kids I used to help run at a local rec centre. Now EK was a very bad kid. While most of the kids in the classes slowly improved over the fortnight-long course, he did not. In the bracket style tournaments we would run at the end of each day, we'd always put him in the first match because we knew it would be over the fastest.

He just refused to learn. When we tried to teach him technique and wean him off the wiper technique (swinging your sword back and forth like windscreen wiper), he would adamantly refuse. He would go around whacking people across the back of the knees with this sword (incredibly painful let me tell you). We quickly realised that we were in fact being used a daycare centre by his mom. She had the money to pay for our course so you know, now he was *our* problem. So we retaliated. I mentioned how we dealt with him at the end of the day but we were also not afraid to put him in timeouts, send him home early if he was being too disruptive or give him non-equipment training. It is also pertinent to mention that this kid was 12 years old, we're not talking about some tiny brat, this is a bona fide preteen causing havoc.

So we come to one of the last days of the class, which were less lessons and more full tournaments to allow the kids to use what they had learned. Through sheer dumb luck, this kid wins one of the tournaments for the uh, not very talented kids, and so we give him the option of fighting one of the instructors (mainly so the kids can go home and be like "mommy, I beat the instructor!"). This kid, who had a personal dislike for me, chooses me.

I go to suit up and come back, take up position and the match begins. I'm not doing too much, mainly parrying his more blatant attacks to encourage him to be less wild. And then he steps in, uses his glove to bat away my sword and hits my chest. Very illegal all over but the problem is that the point of his sword sinks into my chestpiece.

Now this is a foil, it weighs about 500 grams and I'm wearing a heavier instructors jacket, which has a plastic foam lining to make it more bearable to be hit frequency. Thing is, the jackets are not really designed for a direct stab from an uncapped sword. So the blade is sinking into my jacket and the kid is a weak little brat but he is actively trying to push the sword deeper, putting his underdeveloped muscles behind his thrust. So I grab his blade, they're square so it's not going to cut my hand or anything, and pull the sword out and out of his hand, tossing it aside. It turns out that he knew we would check for the cap so he had loosened it so he could shake it off during the match and then fight without it and hope we didn't notice. He must have shaken it off right before he came at me.

The one rule we repeated over and over and over is that you never ever ever ever ever ever ever uncap your sword. That is an immediate dismissal from the course, with no refund for your parents.

\--

So we call his mom in. She looks very unhappy to have been pulled off her shopping spree (she literally said that to us). My boss and I take her into the office while the other instructors continued the competition. EK was sat in the office, looking very sorry for himself.

&#x200B;

Me: OP, EM: Entitled Mom, B: Boss

&#x200B;

B: Ma'am-

EM: Well this isn't surprising. My son has been telling me all about how much you two have been bullying him on this course. Not letting have any fun, excluding him from games, telling him off.

B: Ma'am, your son has been incredibly badly behaved throughout this entire course, we are well within our right to discipline in, for his own safety and the safety of others. Furthermore, this is a fencing class, not a free for all.

EM: It's *swordfighting*, it's meant to be fun! And besides, he's never done it before so you're just punishing him for not being very good!

B: *Ma'am,* you've been called in because we have to remove your son from the course.

EM: But there's four days left

B: We're well aware of that but today your son broke a very important rule, one that put one of my instructors in danger.

EM: And what authority do you have to kick him out? This is a *public* building. Are you discriminating against him?

*At this point, I pull out the consent form she signed on day one*

Me: Ma'am, when you enrolled your son, you signed this form. On page three, all the rules of the course are listed, as well as the penalty for breaking each rule. As you can clearly see here, the penalty for uncapping your sword is removal from the course. That's why we called you in. Your son took the guard off his sword and proceeded to stab someone with it. He could have really hurt someone.

EM: My son would never do that! It must have been an accident that you are pushing him for! You really need to be more careful with your equipment. You are putting these children in danger!

B: I have maybe 35 witnesses. And those guards are incredibly hard to remove so the only way they come off is through deliberate tampering.

EM: Well if you are removing my son, I want my money back

Me: Sorry ma'am, the contract you signed clearly states that if a child is removed from the course due to their behaviour, the signee is not entitled to a refund.

EM: Well I didn't know that! I didn't read the whole thing (it was four pages of double-spaced A4, single-sided)

Me: That's your problem.

EM: I'll sue!

B: And say what? You signed a contract you didn't read? Please just get your kid out of my class.

&#x200B;

*We never saw EM and EK after that. However, our course (and my boss' fencing school, which was his full-time job), did receive a bunch of negative online reviews, all from anonymous accounts leaving reviews for the first time.*

&#x200B;

TL;DR- A badly behaved kid at fencing camp becomes dangerous and has to be removed from camp, entitled mom doesn't take this well./n  DISCLAIMER: This isn’t about me. I was just a bystander for the most part.


Cast: EM | ED | F: friend | ME | 


  So, to give some back story, my friend works at a very large office building. Her and her coworkers deadass remind me of the cast of ‘The Office’. Anyway, there was one woman who was in her early thirties. (Spoiler Alert: It’s EM.)

  She would boss everyone around. Once I got a job there, I learned her husband was EXACTLY like her! Since I always see the best in people, I tried to befriend EM. Oof.

  Unfortunately, EM was going to reproduce. She was pregnant and allegedly spent over $10,000 from her life savings on the baby shower/gender reveal.

  Me and F never received an invitation, so we didn’t even know about it. A few weeks later, we’re at our apartment. F was on his phone when he got a call. He answered and put it on speaker. It was EM. 


EM: Where ARE you?! The party started 10 minutes ago!!

F: Uhm...I’m at my house. Also, what party?

EM: What the [frick]! Are you really skipping MY baby shower?!?

F: I never got an invitation...

EM: You should have known! You better drive over here RIGHT NOW! The party is at [venue downtown].

  Me and F share a “this’ll be interesting” look and agree to go. We know how entitled EM is and always love a show.

When we arrive, EM is already outside and starts yelling the second I open the car door.

EM: Finally! Now grab the present and get inside!

F: What present? We just found out about the party!

ME: Yeah, you should’ve told us sooner.

EM: Ugh! Just GO HOME!


We laugh and drive back home. (It was only like a 5 minute drive.)

The next day at work ED walks up to us.

ED: Hey. EM told me you didn’t have the present last night. I’ll go ahead and take it.

F had been getting bullied by ED for months and snapped.

F: I AM NOT GETTING YOUR WIFE OR CUMSTAIN A PRESENT! 

EM and ED left us alone and EM later apologized and said she was “under the control of hormones”. I’ve never been pregnant so I just kinda forgave and forgot./nAbout an hour ago, I was at my local grocery store waiting in line at the customer service desk to ask about the soil bags for sale outside. It's finally my turn when the woman behind me cuts in front, raises her hand up to block me and says "I just have a quick question".



Me - "So do I lady, hence why I waited my turn in line like everyone else."



Apparently I am rude and so is the cashier for agreeing with me and helping me first. Usually if people ask politely I'll let them go ahead, but don't assume and put your hand up to me like you have some authority over me. You will get every single one of the zero fucks I have to give!



So I go outside to grab the bag of earth I just paid for. I see this older gentlemen struggling to load a bunch of them into his car while a teenage boy, probably about 15, is just playing on a tablet in the back seat. I offer to help and he gladly accepts. 



While we're loading his car, EP comes out of the store stull fuming and while looking down at her phone says "people here are so rude, this asshole was rude to me when I tried to cut in front of him". She looks up, sees me helping and says "that's the guy, Dad. He's the asshole!" 



Without skipping a beat, the sweet old man pipes up and says "I dunno Hun, he seems pretty polite to me. At least he was kind enough to offer to help a struggling stranger while your perfectly capable son refused when I asked because 'his mom didn't tell him he had to'. Did you ask or just try to cut in like you always do" and he winks at me.


Ep rolls her eyes and hops in the front seat slamming the door.



I finish helping him load his trunk and he smiles and says "I'm so sorry about that. I love my daughter to death but despite my best efforts she seems to have inherited my ex wife's sense of entitlement. Worst part is I'm building this garden for her and my grandson in hopes he'll at least help and learn the value of hard work and the rewards that come with it. So far I feel like I'm wasting my time. Thank you so much for your help".



I shook his hand and said "Don't give up on him. Keep leading by example and calling out the BS. Hopefully he'll see how nice people are to you compared to his mother and get the hint"./nRecently learned of this subreddit, I have a few lovely experiences with people who would fit the EP, but most of them are quite short due to both my nature and circumstance. Figured I could share this one as its one of the more memorable for me.

When I was in high school I had to use the public transport every day due to living outside the school bus range, this was a two and a half hour bus ride every day to and back from school. This includes waking up at god awful hours. I normally slept while on the bus due to the length of the ride.

Today was not one of those days, on the tenth or so stop, a young woman along with her child of maybe three and mega stroller in tow (the ones which are about 3-4 feet wide and 6 feet long, massive wheels and all that jazz) got onto the bus. I was awoken as the child was already screaming. I looked over toward the disturbance as at first I thought someone got hurt from the wailing. Noticing the child and mother I decided to just put in my earphones and hope to drown it out with some music.

This would not be the case as the women move her big ass stroller right in front of myself and the two passengers next to me. As you see, we were sitting on one of those fold up seats for the wheelchairs (In my city the mega strollers normally take these seats up). Normally I would move to a different seat or stand, but I was confused by this as the other wheelchair seats were vacant. I figured the EM was just putting her stroller along with her spawn their while she pulled up the seat.

*Nope.*

She instead looks down upon me and the other two sitting next to myself and demanded us to move as we were in her spot. I paused my music and looked up then around to see if she was being serious. Not heading her demand instantly earned her ire.

EM: “I told you to do something young man, stop being rude” Mind you, her spawn was screaming the enter time throwing something. I think was dry cereal everywhere. So I’m assuming that's what she said.

Me: “Miss, your stroller is in the way, and there is a free seat right behind you”

EM: “Excuse me?!” The women screamed earning looks towards us from the other passengers, who were busy trying to ignore the screams. But that's not all, the passenger next to me was visibly shaking and groaning, the women next to him trying to calm him down. I had no idea at this point but turned out he had some serious learning disabilities and this situation was upsetting him.

Me: “I’m sorry, but I’m staying here,” I said not wanting to deal with the conversation and turn my music back on while putting both earphones back in.

This was unacceptable to both EM and the child apparently, as I had a handful of cereal thrown at me, unintelligible screaming and the mother shrieking at me.

EM: “How dare you! You ungrateful asshole! I’m a single mother! And this is how you treat me! You fucking brat! Listen when I’m talking to you!” which was followed by her pushing her stroller forward, to then reach down and tear my phone away from me.

I didn’t expect that at all, and at the time wasn’t holding onto my phone too tightly. Both mistakes on my part. So she easily ripped the phone out of my hand, along with the earphones coming out. Now the child was throwing cereal at the mentally disabled man, but this was the least of my concerns. How that poor man didn’t lose his cool was beyond me. Truly a saint.

I jumped up, red in the face and nearing my limit of self-control considering it was fuck o’clock in the morning and now I just had my property stolen. As soon as I stood up the women started grinning. I think that smirk or grin, was the most memorable moment for me.

EM: “What you going to do! Huh! You fucking brat, this should teach you a lesson”

Me: “My phone ma’am, that-”

EM: “You don’t deserve it, clearly your parents fucked up”

Me: “Ma’am you’ve sto-”

EM: “Don’t you dare fucking talk to me like that brat!”

Me: “Ma’am, could you please gi-”

At this moment I was still standing where I just stood up, we were a little close but there was still a respectful distance between us and I wasn’t moving further.

EM: “HE HIT ME! THIS LITTLE BR-”

And that's when the women, aka the mentally impaired man's helper, stood up and shouted at this EM. Let's call her H.

H: “You listen right here you daft little cunt, you say one more word!”

EM: “Excus-”

H slapped EM across the face, leaning over the stroller and all, not caring that who knows what was being thrown at her. At this point, the entire bus minus the bus driver who can’t do anything but ask people to stop was watching the confrontation.

H: “Daft little cunts like you ought to be taught some real respect” another slap as EM tried to protest, she just looked shocked. Hell, I was shocked. “Give that young man his phone back before I show you that real respect missy”

EM tried to defend herself but H raised her hand and made it clear she was going to strike her again. So she handed my phone back and started stuttering about how her baby was going to be traumatized by this and how she’ll sue us all. Bus driver still doesn’t care. H, however, did care.

H: “Your spawn? Traumatized! Its been doing nothing but throw food and wail like a banshee! Go over to those free seats and mind your own fucking business you dumb twat”

EM seemed to regain her courage and tried to shout at the women and cry crocodile tears to gain some sort of sympathy, I don’t recall exactly what it was said, but something along the lines of how H was abusing her, and how she didn’t deserve this.

One of the other passengers seemed to have enough of all of the bullshit and got up, EM thought this was her knight in shining armour and started talking to him. Let's call him M.

M: “Miss I’m a bylaw officer if you continue to harass this man” he pointed to the man who H was helping to take care off. “I’ll report you to the authorities, please go to a seat away from him and halt your disturbance. Or leave the bus”

EM was shocked and looked around the bus for any help, but saw everyone was glaring at her, and her child. I guess something clicked in her head, and she decided to just get off the bus at the next stop. Calling us all assholes. The bylaw officer then apologized to H and told her that if she ends up getting called to court for assault, he’d be happy to testify on her behalf, even giving her a number to call.

So that was nice, I thanked H profoundly and apologized for the trouble, she said it was no problem and that she was going to say something anyways as the man she was with was being harassed by the child. And it just wasn't right.

&#x200B;

Anyways, hope you people enjoy, this happened god, five or so years ago, whenever I take the bus at that godawful hour I do happen to see H and that man, seems it's her full-time job to look after him. Never saw that EM ever again though so I doubt it actually went to court. Still glad that H did that on my behalf, as I was seconds away from just slugging the EM./nBackground I collect designer bags (Yeah I know, not everyone’s forte, capitalism, waste of money, blah blah), but it’s something I like and I work hard to buy them myself.

So family friends came over with their 3 kids between the ages of 8 - 4 last Sunday. The oldest was decent. The middle one was rude, but I could deal with that. The youngest on the other hand, was a total brat. It didn’t help that her parents gave into her every whim. 

I had mistakenly left out one of my new bags because the family showed up 30 minutes early. Think LV Speedy 30 from the Catogram collection. (For anyone who is not familiar, it is basically a bag in the classic LV monogram print with cute cat patches all over.) The youngest kid notices my bag and decides to play dress up with it for a duration of their visit. I was going to take it away (definitely should have) but I decided to be nice and allow her to play with it, while watching her like a hawk.

Time comes for them to leave and the little shit gets ready to walk out to door with my bag! I politely asked her multiple times and even offered her candy to give it back, but she refused.

While this is going on her parents are just standing there, grinning like idiots at their kid’s apparent display of “cuteness”. Everyone asks the parents to take it from her and give it back to me, but the father leaves to load the other kids into the car with a chuckle and a “Good luck with that!”

I’m getting pretty angry at this point, since she is distorting the shape of the bag by squeezing it and her mother is not doing anything. I firmly tell the mother to get my expensive bag back and she decides to cop an attitude with me.

Me: you need to get her to give me my bag back

EM: she’s just a baby and it’s just a bag, can you calm down.

Me: it’s an expensive bag and I need it back

EM: but she loves it so much because it has cats on it. Cats are her favorite animal! Can she borrow it?

Me: Uhh no, it was costly and I need it back.

EM: that’s pretty selfish of you. I don’t know why a grown woman needs a bag with animals on it. Looks like it’s for kids.

Me: It’s my bag, and I need it back now. Designer bags are not for kids.

She eventually gave it back due to everyone in the house pressuring her, but basically threw it at me and stomped out of the house./nSo, this is my craziest story about how the worst mother caused the bone in my upper arm to *literally get split in half* (along with a bunch of entitled behavior). I’m sorry if there are any grammatical errors in this text. I’m from Sweden and English is not my native language. I also want to apologize about this post being so long, so much stuff happened and I really didn't want to leave stuff out.

I’m a equestrian, and I started riding horses again after a 4 year break when I was sixteen, so three years ago. I’m definitely not the best rider, but for the amount of time I’ve been riding I’m pretty decent. The incident(s) happened at the riding facility where I take my weekly group lessons (on top of this I take 2 private lessons every week). I usually go to the barn way ahead of time before my lesson, just in case I need to saddle my horse or muck out the stalls. If another person from a group before you is riding the same horse as you, you don’t need to saddle it up. That’s what happened this time. Since my horse didn’t need to get saddled because someone was supposed to ride it before me I decided to go watch the lesson before me. The lesson was for students that have been riding for about 10-12 years, so they were decently experienced. I sat down on the bench outside of the arena.

The horse I was going to ride, Dragon, is a pretty big horse compared to me. He was about 16.3 horse hands (meaning that the base of his neck/back is about 5.6 feet up) and I myself am only 5’0” tall and weigh 95 pounds (I know, pretty tiny for a 19 year old). I waited for the lesson that was before my own to begin. But then, as people started to mount their horses, I noticed that there was a student there in the middle of the arena without a horse, next to her mom (our EP). But, there was no horse anywhere to be seen. Then I realized that there was a horse missing, Dragon. Therefore, I concluded that the girl in the middle was supposed to ride Dragon as she was the only one without a horse. However, Dragon was nowhere to be seen.

As our instructor entered the arena, she noticed the girl didn’t have Dragon with her and asked her where he was. The girl, who was about my age (19), opened her mouth to speak but her mom, EP, cut her off.

\- *What do you mean? I thought you guys brought the horses into the arena before the lesson? She didn’t have to saddle the horse last time.* EP said, sounding incredibly annoyed. At this point I didn’t blame her though, maybe she genuinely didn’t know how things worked around there? The instructor then politely said that no, everyone saddles their assigned horse unless someone is riding that horse riding before them.

The mom scoffed and then asked *rudely* if they didn’t have staff to do that for them. She and her daughter apparently didn’t want to ”*smell like horse*” when they got home and they didn’t want to risk getting their clothes dirty. (Then why would you go to a barn and ride horses in the first place?). The daughter was just standing there tapping her toes impatiently, and was wearing white riding pants which are used typically for competitions and not normal lessons because they get dirty so easily, and you can expect to get dirty at a barn.

\- *If your daughter wants to ride, she has to go down to the barn and get the horse ready right now or else she’ll miss the whole lesson.* The riding instructor said, still as calm as ever.

\- *We are* ***not*** *going to touch some horse we don’t know. Someone else could do it for us. My daughter is too good to be brushing horses and getting all* ***filthy!*** The mom exclaimed, still wanting someone else to saddle the horse for them.

\- *I didn’t pay for my daughter to have to spend quality-time with some horse she doesn’t care about, she wants to ride* the mom then continued

The instructor and the mom kept arguing back and forth, my instructor claiming that if her daughter wanted to participate, she had to saddle the horse. You can’t expect to ride without getting your horse ready for the lesson. After about five minutes, with 55 minutes left of the lesson, I got sick of their arguing as it was getting nowhere and the EP and her daughter clearly weren’t going to saddle the horse. I had nothing better to do anyway, so I offered to saddle Dragon for them. They agreed nonchalantly and stood there and watched as I brushed the horse, not even handing me the saddle or bridle (that way they would save some time since the lesson had already started). I had to do everything myself while they just stood there. Occasionally the mother would impatiently ask me to ”hurry up” because her daughter was missing out on the lesson that *she* had paid for even though the whole process only took about 10-15 minutes.

When I was done I handed her daughter Dragon and none of them thanked me, in fact they didn’t say a word to me, they just went up to the arena. Then I heard the mother complain about how I didn’t adjust the stirrup leathers (the leather bands attached to the stirrups where the rider keeps their feet) for her daughter’s height (how am I supposed to know what length she prefers?) so they called me over so I had to enter the arena and fix it for them just because ”they didn’t want to touch the dirty stirrups”. Once I was done the daughter mounted Dragon (while EP made me hold him so he wouldn’t walk away) and began riding.

I was sitting on the bench next to the arena, watching the lesson, and the EP sat down next to me although keeping as far away from me on the bench and as often as she could glancing at me and giving me condescending, nasty looks whenever she could. I didn’t really understand what her problem was, because the only thing I had done was help her and her daughter. The lesson went on and the students were doing dressage. Dragon is such a good boy, and he always tries his hardest to do what the rider asks of him. However, the EP’s daughter was struggling to do a few moves because Dragon didn’t understand what she was asking of him, and once when she rode close to the benches he just stumbled a little in confusion and the mom said ”Don’t let him do that! Whip him! Don’t let him be the boss” and the daughter just did what her mom asked her to do, and whipped Dragon pretty hard on his shoulder. The riding instructor told her to not try to actually hit him with the whip, since the reason he didn’t do what she told him is because she didn’t give him the right cues (therefore hitting him with the whip wouldn’t help at all. She should just tap him with the whip gently to correct him, not to actually hit him.) Dragon really didn’t like the fact that he got hit and it happened a second time (EP told her daughter to do it, again) and he had had enough and started acting up. At first he was just throwing his head a little, but then she yanked on his face using the reins and he started running across the arena in protest. He wasn’t really running that fast, but the girl was unbalanced enough to slide off the horse and ended up sitting on her butt in the middle of the arena.

The mom let out a *bloodcurdling* scream as he daughter hit the ground, although it was pretty clear that the daughter didn’t get hurt by the way she landed. However, the EP opened the gates to the arena and ran straight to her daughter, although there’s a rule against entering and running in the arena during a lesson without permission. What happened next explains why…

When EP ran into the arena to get to her daughter, she ran at full speed in front of another rider. The horse she ran in front of got really scared because of it, and ended up jumping to the side, and then bucked and ran about 10 meters, and that rider ended up falling off her horse, too. Meanwhile our entitled mom kept repeating

\- *Oh my God! Oh my God! My girl is hurt!* Over and over again, not caring at all that she had scared another horse running into the arena causing another girl to fall off her horse. She then redirected her focus to the instructor

\- *This is all* ***your*** *fault! My daughter shouldn’t be falling off horses! Why did* ***my*** *daughter get the dangerous horse!?* At this point the daughter was standing up again, but the mother was yelling at the instructor with her face bright red.

\- *Ma’am, you just caused another girl to fall off her horse by running into the arena. Your daughter is fine and should get up on Dragon again. Also, falling off is unfortunately a part of horseback riding. It happens. Please go back to the bench.*

\- *Are you serious!? My daughter is clearly injured. I don’t care if someone else fell off, it’s not* ***my*** *fault they’re such a bad rider!*

The other girl who had fallen off had already gotten back up on her horse again, while the EP’s daughter was standing there, shaking and silently crying like a baby. My riding instructor said

*- Your daughter should really get back up on Dragon again. Otherwise she might get too scared to ride again.*

\- *No! My daughter is* ***not*** *riding that unstable horse again! She should ride* ***that*** *horse!* The mother pointed at another horse that wasn’t owned by the riding school but by the girl who was riding it.

\- *I’m sorry ma’am, that horse is not ours so your daughter can’t ride it. Besides, Dragon is the nicest horse here.*

\- *No, he’s not! My daughter is the best rider in this group. That means she should get to ride the* ***best*** *horse.*

\- *I’m sorry ma’am, your daughter has to ride Dragon for now.*

\- *But Dragon is* ***too big*** *for my daughter to ride! I demand that my daughter ride* ***that*** *horse.* The funny part was that I was going to ride Dragon after her daughter. Her daughter was about 5’7” meaning she’s 7 inches taller than me, but the mom still thought that the horse was too big for her.

The mother and daughter kept standing there, the mom arguing with my instructor trying to convince my instructor to let her daughter ride the other horse. My instructor didn’t give in though, and even when the owner of the other horse told the EP that her horse was very sensitive and definitely not suitable as a lesson horse she still didn’t give up. She even went as far as to tell the owner of the horse that her daughter was a much better rider than her, and that she was *ruining*her own horse. Her daughter ***was entitled*** to that horse. When the horse owner and the instructor didn’t give in EP eventually gave up and sat down on the bench again. The daughter got up on Dragon and they walked around a little before the lesson was over. I was relieved that it was over and that the annoying mom and her daughter who apparently couldn’t speak for herself were finally going to leave, but I was wrong. There was still more to come. *A lot more.*

When the daughter got off Dragon, I took him and then got up on him myself for my lesson. Then I saw that the mother and daughter were sitting on the bench. Apparently they wanted to stay to watch our lesson as well. That didn’t bother me whatsoever at first. I focused on riding and Dragon was doing really well and listened to everything I wanted him to do (seems like the size of the rider didn’t matter, after all). But then, after about 30 minutes, the mother started doing random smacking noises. *Every single time* I rode past them. My instructor didn’t notice, because she was standing with her back facing towards the bench. Dragon was focused and didn’t react at first, but then the mom started *waving her hands* **every god damned time I rode past them** and Dragon got a little bit nervous. That’s when I stopped in front of her and asked her what her problem was, and if she could stop trying to distract/scare Dragon. The mother just threw a fake smile and said that she didn’t know what I was talking about. I just shrugged it off and hoped that she would stop, **but boy was I wrong.**

The EP kept making louder and louder noises every time I rode past her and her daughter, waving her arms more and more intentionally trying to scare my horse. Then, at last, she finally managed to spook Dragon and he ended up bolting and ran as fast as he could around the arena. I wasn’t prepared for this and couldn’t really handle the situation the way I wanted to. The only thing I could do was trying to hang on to Dragon (and I **swear** I could hear that entitled b\*tch *giggling*). Dragon ran towards the edge of the arena and then made a sharp turn causing me to fly straight into the fence. I felt a sharp pain in my arm when I crashed into the fence and felt like I was going to pass out. My riding instructor came up to me and asked me if I was okay. I looked at my arm and saw that it was bent in a really strange direction, and it hurt like **hell**. This is when I realized that I broke my arm, *because of that stupid mom!* I didn’t get up from the ground because I would probably end up fainting, and immediately said that I wanted to go to the hospital. My riding instructor took a look at my arm and agreed that it indeed looked broken, especially because of the way it was bent and because I winced when she touched it. Her just tapping my arm lightly was unbearably painful.

But then, the horrible mother decided to speak up again. She yelled across the arena:

\- *Why isn’t she getting back up on the horse?* ***My*** *daughter got back on the horse after* ***she*** *fell off! What a wimp!*

None of us decided to answer that, and my riding instructor let me borrow her phone since I don’t bring mine to the barn (pockets weren't big enough, phones nowadays are ridiculously big) so I could call my parents. I then, with the help of my riding instructor, got out of the arena and sat down at the bench outside of the arena waiting for my parents to come pick me up. I really didn’t like having to sit next to that mother, I had had enough of her bullshit (she freaking caused me to *fall off and get hurt*) and I just stared blankly in front of me. However, the mom smirked and then stated

\- Doesn’t seem like you’re such a good rider, after all.

Firstly, I had never said that I was a good rider. In fact, her daughter rides in a way more advanced group than me. Despite this, her daughter didn’t even manage to hang onto the horse for as long as I did. Secondly, the reason Dragon spooked when I rode him was because of *her*, and not because I whipped him way too hard like her daughter had done. I actually didn’t ride with a whip at all. I had to lie my head down on the bench which the EP glared at me for doing (my arm hurt so much that I had a hard time staying conscious when I sat up.) I just ignored her until my parents came and picked me up, and all this time my arm had been swelling more and more. My parents drove me straight to the hospital. It turned out that my upper arm had quite literally split in half, and on top of that the lower part of my arm got fractured. All because of an entitled parent who wanted to prove that I was a worse rider than her daughter, for some fucked up reason that is beyond me.

My arm hasn’t completely healed yet. My bones have aligned correctly and I luckily didn’t need surgery (although it was a close call), but my arm is still very weak and I’m not allowed to ride again for quite some time. I still go to the barn every once in a while, and I have seen the EP and her daughter a few more times. She and her daughter always arrive late, because nowadays someone always gets the horse ready for them so that the lessons aren’t delayed. Seeing her pisses me off, but I don’t think I’ll ever have the guts to confront her about what she did. She would most definitely blame me breaking my arm on me being a bad rider, anyway.

I would feel sorry for the daughter, because I never witnessed her being rude or anything, but according to my friends at the barn she’s a spoiled brat who is extremely braggy and stuck up. Apparently she insulted one of my friends because she thought that her riding helmet was ugly (i.e not worth 800 dollars like her own helmet), and told another girl that her horse looked like a mule and that she would put it down if she was her. Apparently the mom was there the whole time too. I know that the girl is like 19 years old, but if my mom overheard me speaking that way to other people she would scold me without hesitation, even though I'm not a child.

I really didn’t think people this horrible existed. Her daughter and her were apparently too good to even touch the horse (or the equipment) so someone else had to saddle it for them, her daughter was entitled to get the ”best” horse and the EP needed to prove that her daughter wasn’t a worse rider than me by getting me thrown off (or whatever the fuck she attempted) as well.

Edit: okay so a bunch of you guys have said that I should have just sued them.  Like I have said before in the comments, it doesn't really work that way in Sweden. In Sweden, you can't just sue people, and even if I wanted to it would be an extremely long and difficult process probably leading to nothing. It's simply not worth it for me since healthcare here is free and I've also got an insurance. 

You guys think I haven't told my instructor. Trust me, she knows what happened. I have talked to her after the incident. You can tell that she absolutely hates the mom and the daughter's guts nowadays. But there's nothing she can do. She is not on charge of the place and I'm pretty sure EP knows the owners. Her daughter also rides there about 4 times a week (maybe even more, I'm not there that often), so they're bringing lots of money to this facility because it's not that large. 

I really wish I could do something. People here accuse me of pretending to be the victim. No, I don't see myself as a victim since I probably should have spoken up before anything happened, but I'm just the kind of person who avoids confrontation. That doesn't make what the EP did okay though, even though yes, I probably got myself into this position. /nI can't escape her. I'm so tired.

I've lived alone with my mother in Ohio since my dad left when I was in middle school, save for 2013-2015. I'm now 24 and recently I admitted to myself that she's been getting worse and worse and I have to leave. This past January I packed my bags and bought a one way plane ticket to Florida where my boyfriend is. Guess who followed.

By pure coincidence, her boyfriend lived less than two hours drive from mine. Unsurprisingly however, he bailed soon after meeting her. So now she's homeless and an easy drive away, living out of her car, working a dead end retail job she's had since 2011. She was going to keep our cat because her boyfriend was going to house them both, so of course I ended up with it while I was staying with my boyfriend's parents. Miracle they allowed it. The following is what she's told me but I can't assume is true:

After boyfriend 1 bailed, she's been using Tinder and found a guy she INSTANTLY CLICKED with. He's a journalist/political cartoonist from Egypt, a political refugee in the process of naturalization, with almost all his money inaccessible back home with his brother. He shares an apartment with a roommate who's moved elsewhere but his son is staying there, and due to their Arabic culture he's basically forbidden from letting a woman stay in the house lest he face blackmail from the roommate. (???)

She needs a Florida ID to apply for some new jobs (also ??? I got a job here with my old id) and needs a mailing address to get one. Her boyfriend insists that her family (me) provides an address (another "cultural" thing even though apparently the man is also expected to provide for the woman), but my place is not just mine and I can't risk her moving in, or being convicted of postal fraud. Yet she will not stop badgering me for my address no matter how many times I say no. Now she's saying even her boyfriend doesn't have an address because he cancelled his lease without having another place lined up.

Today is my boyfriend's birthday and now all I'll worried about is how to deal with my mom. She's the reason I nearly couldn't get a lease- I had co-signed our last place, and apparently my rent history says it was left "torn apart" and three months behind on rent. Rent wasn't behind by the time I left, and she was only there another month so I have no idea how she did that. She also never cancelled the utilities. She had also completely drained any savings I had by forcing me to pay the whole rent every month while she ate McDonald's 3-4 times a day. I wish I were exaggerating. No one in her family will take her either because she completely alienated them.

I'm not asking for advice, I'm just so tired and figured you would be sympathetic here. Thanks for reading.

tldr: left the state to escape my mom, she followed and made herself homeless and is begging me for my address that I won't give her due to her constantly proving herself untrustworthy.

EDIT: and of course she's making up bs excuses why she can't get a PO box, and hasn't even acknowledged my suggestion of *making a friend or two at work* and asking them for help. Yeah no. I'm not talking to her anytime soon./nEdit 6: If I could call this something else I would call it 'You kids are too poor to be at your boss's funeral.'

Edit 7: If any YouTubers use this, you can, but tell me first.

&#x200B;

Buckle yourself in, this will be a long one!

Bit of backstory about this, me and my friend worked for a really nice and really rich old woman for about 6 to 5 years. We did general work about the house and in the garden. She would give us about £20  an hour (like $22 4 y'all Americans) she would also give us lunch on the weekends and sometimes dinner if we worked late into the night. When we first started working for her, she had lived with her husband who we will call Gerald but passed away about 2 years after we started to work for her; so consequently near the end she lived alone. She was dear in me and my friend's hearts and when she died we were very upset, not only because we had no job, also because she had generally felt like our Grandma. 

Cut ahead to the funeral, there were lots of people there ( supposedly her family and friends), who came in big fancy cars and to generally looked rich/snobby (if you know what I mean). 

EM (entitled mother), 

ED ( entitled dad), 

EK (epic kid, not entitled but the best)

KM (kind man) ,

KW (kind woman),

F (my friend)

M (me)

And FM (for other family members).

Being rich, our boss (the old lady), had a grand funeral and we were surprised (me and my friend). We were waiting to be let into the church when EM comes up to me;  me and my friend aren't rich and couldn't wear all black as my friend didn't have any fitting black trousers so he wore jeans.

EM: Excuse me.

F: Yes?

EM:You both need to leave.

F and Me: What!?

EM: \*scoffs\* your not wearing the right clothes \*points to my friends grey jeans\* so you need to leave before you disrespect anyone else!

Bear in mind, that me and my friend had worked for this old lady for 6 years and to be told that we had to leave her funeral was like being told we couldn't go to our Grandma's funeral.

F:There's no policy for what we wear.

EM: I bet you didn't even know BG (boss/ grandma).

M: Why would we be here then?

EM: Because you want to ruin everyone's day , obviously.

Now at this point, me and my friend are fuming. This woman just came up to us at BG's funeral asked us to leave and said we didn't even know her.

ED: \*appears\* Is there something wrong darling?

EM: These people are stalking people and have come without an invitation.

Me and my friend are in shock.

ED: You kids need to leave you don't belong here. You look way too poor to be friends with her so I'm going to ask you to leave before we call the police for breaking in.

F: She was our boss for 5 (\*6) years!

EM: Don't shout at us and stop making up  lies.

My friend wasn't shouting and just had a tone of annoyance in his voice, but then he did start shouting.

ED:Leave now.

F:NO! SHE WAS LIKE A FAMILY MEMBER TO ME AND IF YOU DON'T HAVE ANY KINDNESS TOWARDS PEOPLE I BEAR TO SEE HOW YOU WERE RELATED!

 My friend shouting was bringing a lot of attention towards us so he enters KM and KW.

KW:Hello, is there something wrong?

EM: Yes these \*CRIMINALS\* are refusing to leave even though they don't know BG!

ED: Yes, they're very undignified.

M: What? We worked for her for 5 (\*6) years you retard.

KM: \*keeping cool\* Can you prove that you knew BG?

F:Yes!

My friend gets out his phone and shows him a picture of me and him with BG on her birthday. There were people in the background and the man seems to recognise a few of them.

KM: \*turns to EM and ED\* Ma'm this is pretty solid proof that they know her \*shows them F's phone\*

EM: This is bs, and obviously Photo shopped!

ED: Yes, I mean EK could make this. EK!

A boy about 15-16 appears.

EK:Yeah?

ED: Isn't this photo shopped? \*shows him F's phone\*

EK: No, I was there when that happened look, right there. \* points to the background where we suspect he saw himself\* \*gives F's phone back\* Nice to see you again by the way.

KW:There isn't it all settled?

ED: Let me see that again. \*reaches for F's phone\* 

M: There's enough proof now leave us alone.

EM: If you don't leave right now we will call the police and you will go to prison.

M/F/KW: For what?

EM: \*throws her phone at F making it bounce off him and on to the floor\* you broke my phone now you will leave.

F:You realise that I've got 4 other witnesses here, 3 of which I haven't really even seen until this day.

EM:Fuck you!

EM and ED leave EM leaving her phone on the floor. You may think it's over but oh no.F picks up the phone and EM screams. Basically everyone waiting to go in the church looks at her

!EM: That criminal just stole my phone!

F: What?

FM (Family Member): Give her back her phone or we will call the police.

EK: No he didn't take her phone, she threw at him and he went to pick it up after she left!

EM: What!? That's not true you little shit! Stop lying!

F:Just take your phone and leave us alone.

EM goes up to grab the phone out of F's hand and does so but before walking away slaps F. F almost falls to the ground but keeps his balance whilst everyone else tries to grab EM before she runs away. EM is struggling and cursing at everyone. I go to help F but he seems OK.After this police is called and EM is charged with assault (or so we heard). The rest of the funeral went fine. ED apparently ran back to his house to hide. Also turns out ED AND EM weren't related to BG but EK was. EK's parents died one after a another so ED and EM were basically his adoptive parents. Also turns out, EK's allowance was going to them so they were getting money where EK was  being forcefully/practically paying for ED and EM's house and other stuff. 8 days after this EK left his house to live with some friends. My friend and EK are actually together now so I see him often and we all have a laugh about his step parents stupidness.It sounds like this was yesterday but it has actually been 3 months since this happened I am still good friends with F. We still live together with EK and some others but our life is, unfortunately the same shitty life it was. This I generally the biggest entitled parents story that changed my life. This took ages to write on mobile so I hope u enjoyed!

Thanks.

Edit 1: 'bs' means bullshit

Edit 2: EM grew up in England, lived in America when she was 16 till 20-something

Edit 3: We (Me, F and EK) got things in BG's will, EM/ED didn't lmao

Edit 4: EM got 4 years

Edit 5: Yes EK and F are part of LGBT+/nA few years ago, when I still lived with my father and his family (Stepmom, Sister 1, Sister 2, Grandma), I got up to make my own breakfast, as the rest of them had gone out to run errands (with the exception of Grandma, who was at my Aunt's house).



Fried sausages, a cheese sandwich and some steamed greens. Deliciousness.



Anyway, the morning goes on and eventually they all come home, with their groceries, school supplies and other miscellaneous products. 



Included amongst the items they brought home were the remnants of the breakfast they had clearly bought while out and about. (They didn't bring any for me, *yay...*)



Sister 2, finishing her meat and cheese filled pastry as she comes into the kitchen, sees me about to eat my breakfast and demands to have some.



Me: No, Sister 2. You clearly already ate while you were out. This is the first meal I'm having for the day.

S2: I don't care. I'm still hungry!

Me: So am I and I've had less food than you. Go away.

S2 storms off, pissed off at not getting her way.
She comes back, Entitled Step-Mother in tow and without warning, just snatches half my sandwich off the plate and uses it as a sort of edible shovel to get some of the sausages and greens as well. She stuffs it in her mouth, somehow managing to smirk as she chews.


Me: Hey! That was *my* food! I made that for myself! You ALREADY ATE and didn't even see it for to bring something for me!

S2: So? It's not like I owe you anything! Besides, you're my big sister and you're *supposed* to share with me!



Before I can speak up again, Entitled Step-Mother pipes up.

ESM: BronzeButterfly, how **dare** you be so selfish with your little sister! She is younger than you and still hungry! Why can't you share?!

Me: But she's already eaten! I haven't! Why should I have to give her MORE food when I haven't had ANY?

ESM: Because S2 is your baby sister! You should take care of her!

Me: But that's your job, not mine...

ESM: You don't have to be so rude! Just share!




There are so many instances of things like this happening. If my sisters wanted it from me, they could have it. Because fuck my feelings, that's why.


I'm so glad I moved away. To another country./nThis happened about a month ago. Me=Me lol Em=Entitled Mom EK=Entitled Kid F1=Friend 1 F2=Friend 2 FM=Friends Mom. I was having a picnic with a couple of my friends at a park, We were sitting at a bench eating sandwiches and talking. Also I have bad asthma , Any way we were sitting and talking when I had to have my inhaler. I got it out of my pocket and had a few puffs, F1 asked what it was so F2 and I explained it to her and puffed it without breathing it in  to show her the mist and I placed on the bench beside me. All of a sudden EK came up to me who looked about 4 . EK- Cool toy. EM comes out of nowhere. EM- Yes it is a cool toy. Em was looking at my inhaler and smiling, it really freaked me out. Me- Well its not a t... EM- You look too old for toys so maybe we could have it. Me- No, its not a toy. F1- Its for her Asth... Em- C'mon its just a mini fog machine you don't need it. Em starts reaching for it off the bench. She picks it up and smiles. Me- NO! I was freaking out at that moment. The Em shoots me a dirty look and the EK starts sniffling. I start stressing out which is one of my triggers, I try to reach out for it but EM dodges passes it to the EK. As I stress out more my asthma gets worse, I try to speak but nothing comes out so I do some jazz hands to signal to F2 I need my Inhaler. ( We make up a bunch of signals for things ) F2 stands up. F2- Please give it to me my friend needs it!. EK squirts the mist and dances around in it. EM- Well I don,t think you do. EM picks up EK, gives me a look and walks to her car. A that point my asthma was getting really bad and F1 was patting me on my back and trying to me to breathe slowly while F2 gets FM who was nearby talking to a friend. F2 luckily comes back with FM. FM gets an inhaler from her purse (Shes really paranoid about peoples illnesses) and a bit later I can breathe easy again. We tell FM the story and then she tells my Parents. I hope I don't see those two again. Now my friends and I just laugh about it how the EM thought it was a mini fog machine, It was almost empty anyway.

&#x200B;

Edit: I see that most people are telling me in the comments that I should gone after her or called a cop and a could sue her but at that moment I couldn't really do any thing cause of the asthma attack I was having and my friends were too busy freaking out about it, Also people say I should of caught her license plate but she was walking away really quickly and drove away also quickly, we were too busy stressing out about my attack to see it. And to the people who say I should of taken the inhaler out of her hands we all know what happens when try to take things off EM's so I was trying not to cause a ruckus. Thank you for understanding./nOn mobile. 

Cast:

EN: Entitled Neighbour

ED: EN’s Entitled Daughter 

SF: Step-father

M: Mom

S: My sister

Me: Some ugly bitch 


This happened a few months ago. So at about 11:30am, my family and I were getting ready to go to my grandparents for lunch. S and I were talking in the living room, and I look towards our see-through curtains, and see an unfamiliar vehicle in our driveway, blocking our car. 

So I say “Whose truck is that?” as I point to it. Our truck is dark red and a Chevrolet. This one was a bright ass red and a Ram. S takes a glance and says “It’s ours.”

She couldn’t really see, so I opened the curtain for her and she said “Oh. It’s not ours.” (Lol) We then realized it was our next-door neighbour’s truck. 

So we decided to go out into the garage to see what was going on. We saw SF and M, and they looked confused as fuck. They couldn’t figure out why EN parked in our driveway when he has one of his own, bigger than ours. 

EN comes out of his house with his daughter (who is ED, about 5 or 6) and he comes around to the driver side of the truck and opens it to get something out. SF goes out to talk to him, and right away, EN is very cranky. 

SF: EN, why are you parked in this driveway? 

EN: Why the fuck do you care? 

SF: Because it’s our driveway??? Why didn’t you park in yours? 

EN: Starting today, this driveway is also ours. And you can’t do shit about it. So I suggest you move your vehicles from it immediately.

SF was dumbfounded. This neighbour was usually so nice, but we didn’t know what the fuck was going on. At this point, he was getting annoyed. “How about no. This is my driveway, and you do not need it. Yours is already huge enough, as it is.” SF said. 

I then notice ED going over to our garden and picking at it. I didn’t really think much of it, until I heard the ripping sound of flowers being picked. M and I look over at her again and she’s RIPPING every single flower out of the garden. “No!” I said, quickly picking ED up away from the garden. M then said “Do not ruin our garden, please.” ED starts throwing a tantrum about how she’s allowed and EN, out of the blue, exploded.

“HOW DARE YOU?!! SHE’S ALLOWED TO DO WHATEVER SHE WANTS! HOW DARE YOU STOP HER FROM PLAYING?!!!” He yelled so loudly it echoed throughout the fucking street. 

M: She wasn’t playing! She was destroying the garden and we aren’t going to allow that.” 

This is where EN crossed the line. 

EN: Shut the fuck up, you dumb whore. You women have no right to speak, and are just using SF for his money.

Oh my god, I don’t think I’ve ever seen SF so angry. “Get yourself, your daughter, and your truck the fuck off my property before I call the fucking cops.” SF said basically turning red with anger.

EN went a bit pale when SF mentioned the cops. He quickly put his daughter back in the house, and moved his truck into his driveway. He then didn’t talk to us for weeks. 

A week later, though, his wife came to our door and apologized for his behaviour, and said he had been drinking. 

My God, dude.

EDIT; I highly doubt he was drinking.

EDIT: Omg this story was in Pirate X’s video! ☺️/nI don't know if this exactly counts as an EP story, but then again, I've never posted on this subreddit before so here it goes.

Exactly a month ago today, my uncle died suddenly at the age of 48. I'm not a very emotional person, and I'm quite reserved when it comes to showing any emotion at all. So when I figured out that he died, I didn't cry or act depressed as someone like my mom (my uncle's sister) might.

Anyways, it came time for the wake (on Thursday) and the funeral (on Friday) to occur the week after he died. I went to the wake and was mostly just observing everyone. I'd estimate and say that about 60% of people weren't crying and the other 40% were crying. I talked to people, watched kids, and the such. I'm looking at an array of pictures on a board when my aunt (my uncle's sister as well) comes up to me and the following dialogue occurs:

EA: "Hi FortySixthDiagnostic".

Me: "Hi EA".

EA: "Your mother told me that you were saying some not very respectful and/or nice things to her".

Me: "Like what?" (my mother tends to lie and fabricate things as much as possible to put a bad rep on me.)

EA: "Like you wanted her to be the first one to ***DIE?***"

Me: "Why does she tell all of you lies like this? I never said that!"

EA: "SHOW SOME RESPECT FOR ONCE1!1! You're being EXTREMELY rude!"

Me: \*trying to leave the premises because of the possible scene she's going to create\* "I never said that, she needs to stop lying about stuff like that."

EA: \*holds onto my arm for dear life and won't let go\*

Me: \*easily manages to get away to explain to my dad what kind of new bull*shit* is going on now\*

After explaining, my dad kind of shrugs it off. EA proceeds to tell everyone at the funeral about how I apparently "wanted my mom to die first and how I'm a heartless human being".

My mom and I later have a dialogue after the funeral that goes as is:

Me: "Why did EA bring up something about me saying that I apparently wished you died first?"

EM: "Because you **DID** say that you hate me *AND* you're happy that your uncle died! You're absolutely **HEARTLESS** and evil because you didn't cry! I can't believe you, you're so disrespectful to EVERYONE that you meet! Do you even know how rude it is to not cry at a funeral?! **HE'S MY GOD DAMN BROTHER!1!**"

Me: "First of all; no. I did not say that I wished that you died first. And I'm not 'happy' that my uncle died. Lastly, DIFFERENT PEOPLE have DIFFERENT DISPLAYS OF EMOTION. Not everyone cries at everything. Would you go up to someone else at the funeral and say to them that they're cruel, heartless, disgusting and evil for not *crying*? That's exactly what I thought; no, you wouldn't and didn't. Also, what makes me evil for showing the same amount of respect to people at the funeral just as I would show anyone?"

EM: \*starts to cry to try to get my siblings to pity her and proceeds to call me numerous other names\*

And... that's what happens when you have a manipulative alcoholic parent, just in case any of you were wondering. Sorry it was so long./nThis is my first post that isn't my dog so please be gentle

(Sorry for bad grammar)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EK-Entitled Kid | ED-Entitled Dad | ME-Barack Obama | C-Cashier

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

So I was heading down to the game shop to see if there was anything new out and I took some money in case there was anything there that I liked, as I normally do. After a little while of browsing I saw this man that looked to be in his 30's, and his son (about 10) walk in and I though nothing of it, at first, now this wasn't a very active shop, every now and then you would get a person walk in but that was about it, so it did surprise me a little that there was about 10 people in the shop but just thought maybe there was a new game out that people wanted to try out.

&#x200B;

Eventually I had found a pretty nice looking game that I could afford so I went to hand it up to the cashier when I heard EK screaming to ED "NO!! I WANT THAT GAME! NOWWW!!" I brushed it off thinking maybe it was a game that ED wouldn't let him have and as I passed I saw the game he wanted, it was the same one I was about to buy.

&#x200B;

After I had paid for the game and went to walk out I turned around to look at EK and ED again, bad idea, as I turned around I saw EK and ED whisper something to each other, ED turned around, saw that I was walking out with the game and stopped me. ED: "Excuse me do you think that my son can have that game of yours? He really wants it" ME: "Sorry but no, I bought this game with my own money and I want to play it." After I said that he went red and started to scream in a firm voice, getting everyone's attention.

&#x200B;

ED: "LISTEN HERE KID, MY KID WANTS THAT GAME SO I'M GONNA GET IT FOR HIM, NOW GIVE. IT. HERE." Now I am fairly introverted and don't like confrontation so I went red and put my head down (This was a very intimidating man with a strong looking build which scared me even more than I already was.)

&#x200B;

He used this against me. ED: "SEE, YOU KNOW I'M RIGHT NOW GIMME THAT GAME" He then proceeded to snatch it and the person that I had bought the game from went on his lunch break or something just before this had all started so he wan't there to back me up, but, the person that was on shift had come to see what was going on.

&#x200B;

C: "Excuse me sir, why are you causing such a ruckus?" ED: "THIS YOUNG MAN TRIED TO TAKE MY SON'S GAME AWAY FROM HIM!" C: "Sir please lower your tone, ME is this true?"

&#x200B;

Now luckily I had a few eyewitnesses of me buying the game and I had shoved the receipt in my pocket after I had paid for the game, so I pulled out the receipt and said, ME: "No, I paid for that game." EK: "No you didn't! You took that from us!" ME: "No I did not, you snatched that game right out of my hand but I kept the receipt, I'll even ask some people around the store if they saw me buying the game! (Unfortunately there are no security cameras in the building).

&#x200B;

So we asked around and, surprise surprise, multiple people said that they had seen me purchase that game, which gave ED and EK no choice but to hand the game back, and after a few nasty comments and facial expressions, they were forced out.

&#x200B;

The cashier apologised and asked if I was alright, I said I was fine and headed off home to try out my new game. This still affects what I am like in public as it has made me a lot more cautious of other people.

&#x200B;

EDIT 1: I bought Red Dead Redemption 2

EDIT 2: Thank you so much for the gold!!!!

EDIT 3: I've fixed up the layout, let me know if it still needs to be fixed

EDIT 4: This probably should've been edit 1 or 2 but this just shot up! Thanks Lads!/nTLDR is title. I’m on mobile, sorry for formatting. 

Cast: Em: Enraged monkey Qk: Quiet kid, not a bother H: husband Me: 15 yo me.                                                   

Alright, so I worked at McDonald’s for a little bit when I was 15. The only thing bad about it was the customers. Here’s a story of the worst one and how their attempt at free food backfired.                        

It’s a slow day, not to many people. Then Em and Qk come in. Em orders, and I tell her the price.                                                   

Me: That will be $20.                                                     

Em: $20?!?! No way! I am not paying that! You’re just lying to get a tip.                          

Me: Mamm that is the price for the food. If you need to take food off the order, it’s fine.                                                                           

Em: DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO BE A SINGLE MOTHER?!?! YOU TEENAGERS ARE SELFISH! I DEMAND YOU GIVE ME MY ORDER FOR FREE! I AM A SINGLE MOTHER!                                    

Out of nowhere, 

H: Oh, so you want a divorce? Weird way to announce it, but alright.                                                               

Em turns around and goes pale in the face. You can see the equations flying around her face. Food or husband?                

Qk: Dad can we leave?                                 
      
H: Hold on honey, we’re getting food (directed at Em) and PAYING FOR EVERY CENT. You got that?                                             

Em: (defeated) Yeah, sure. Whatever.              She pays and I was holding back My laughter the entire time.                         

H came back in to apologize for Em. I said it was fine.                                                             

Edit: Oh my gosh, my first award! Thank you kind stranger!
Edit 2: 2 silver? Thanks so much! Also formatting/nThis is my first time posting to this Reddit and writing out a full story like this, so I apologize about my grammar and formatting.

&#x200B;

A little backstory: My past isn't the prettiest, we'll say. My mother wasn't the best person, and in simple terms emotionally abused me. She also physically abused me and my younger siblings, which I had to care for, by not giving us enough food or clothes that fit even though my mother had three incomes coming in. We were poor, yes, she spent all of her money on pills and beer while I was eight and like I stated before, took care of my siblings. After a few years of this, my mom got into an accident (this accident was drunk driving, almost killed me and my younger siblings in that crash) and my father was able to gain custody of me (and stop child support - one area of income she had at the time) while my step dad took my youngest siblings as well. I was on regulated visits to see my mother from the court system, and my mother screwed that up to (Another story for another time) and it got to the point where my mother only called or texted me and my father for money.

&#x200B;

This incident is one of those times, mentioned above. I don't remember this well since my father handled it, but I was able to get my hands on my father's phone and talk with him to remember this story.

&#x200B;

I was fourteen or so, and I had just come home from school when my father's phone was ringing off the hook. Me being the responsible kid I was, after the third or so call I brought it to my father outside who was shoveling snow right as the calls stopped coming in. As soon as he told me to bring it back inside, it was vibrating like a maraca from text messages (with ringtone included) and me and him we're getting ticked off. So I brought it inside, turned off the ringtone and vibration, and dad came in a few minutes later to the following texts\*:

\* = Her grammar is way worse than mine, so I translated it into normal human speech

&#x200B;

EP: "Its MY turn to claim OP this year for child support"

EP: "We alternate every other year, court mandated, and you owe me $xxxx for unpaid child support for the past four years."

EP: "I was NICE in letting you keep the money, but I need it. You violated our terms. If you come to \[Insert Location Here\] and pay up I won't press charges"

&#x200B;

My dad was scared. She mentioned a court order that those two did uphold when I was switching weekends with them when I was a small child, and he didn't know the status of the order. He called his attorney and she noted that the order was expired since my father received custody of me years prior. If he did owe money, it wouldn't be the case and he could counter sue for the abuse she put me through and emotional damages she had done to him. My father, now relieved, texted her the following:

Father: "If you would like to receive money back and would like to talk about that expired order, my attorney's phone is available and we are ready to go back to court to finish the job.\* And that order is expired, it was only in place when we switched days with OP so we could have equal time and let her have both parents in her life. So you can't bring me to court without a real reason, and the money I owe isn't even owed. I even gave you money for Child Support when I got OP because I knew you needed a little more of an income to live since this just got cut off."

\* = He got temporary custody because my mother never showed up to court and when she rarely did, she would cause chaos. It was never settled (and still isn't after all these years) and we are still waiting for our next court date from my mother attorney, which we will never get.

&#x200B;

My mother starts SPAMMING his phone, which I condensed. There is about \~20 messages that came with it.

EP: "YOU COME TO \[Insert Location Here\] NOW! I WENT THROUGH HELL CARRYING THAT CHILD! OP WASN'T SUPPOSED TO BE BORN BUT I KEPT THEM! I WANTED A BOY, IT WAS RARE I KEPT THEM. THANK THEIR CARRIER! AND I NEED MONEY, I'M RUNNING LOW AND YOU DON'T WANT OP'S MOTHER ON THE STREETS. YOU KNOW HOW MUCH GUILT THEY'LL CARRY???? LETTING THEIR POOR MOTHER ONTO THE STREET???? I NEED THE MONEY, SCREW THAT COURT ORDER ITS STILL IN PLACE! BE THANKFUL I'M GIVING YOU ANOTHER CHANCE AT PAYING ME. GO NOW AND I'LL BE KIND."

&#x200B;

At this point my dad was stunned she was even saying these things. She wasn't stopping her rant and it was getting very out of hand. My father kept texting something on the lines of "Okay." "So?" and it pissed her off more.

EP: "YOU COME NOW! I'M HERE WITH MY ATTORNEY READY TO SIGN. YOU CAN'T STOP THIS, SO JUST GIVE ME THE MONEY! OR ELSE OP WON'T SEE THEIR MOTHER AGAIN FROM SUICIDE."

&#x200B;

My dad was in even more shock, but finally had enough. He never stood up to her until she almost killed me and my siblings in that accident that forked me over to my father. He never would apologize to her, and frankly had enough of her bs. So he called me into his room.

Father: "OP?"

Me: "Yea?"

Father, in the most poop-eating grin he could muster: "How do you copy and paste on my phone?"

&#x200B;

After teaching him with my text message room, not seeing what my mother was coming up with, he kept copying and pasting the following to her:

"Please contact my attorney to follow up :)"

EP: "What"

Father: "Please contact my attorney to follow up :)"

EP: "YOU DON'T SAY THAT TO ME! I DEMAND RESPECT FOR CARRYING THESE KIDS THROUGH HELL! OR ELSE I'LL GET THE COPS TO ORDER YOU TO COURT! YOU'LL GO TO JAIL AND OP WILL HAVE NO PARENTS!"Father: "Please contact my attorney to follow up :)"

&#x200B;

After a hour she stopped and never got the money. My father still LAUGHS about it till this day, and I finally was able to see the stuff she mustered up the other day. She still only calls me for money and now me and my older sister finally learned how to stand up to her or even ignore her. She doesn't see any of her kids now and is living off of a sugar daddy.

Sorry that this isn't like the crazy EPs you find here on the site, this was one story that popped back into my head recently and thought you guys might get a little kick out of my mother demanding to get money for a kid she hasn't seen or even supported in years.

&#x200B;

Edit: Omg thank you for all the love and the silver!!! It means so much to me that you guys enjoy this weird story of my life. I'll post more about my mother later, I figured to post this since it came up. I would attach the screenshots that started this fiasco, but it would be very awkward to ask my father to take photos of his phone to entertain people of the internet that I don't know. He's a biiiiit stingy on that. But don't worry, I got screenshots of what she has said to me for future threads :)/n**EDIT 01:** Thanks for the Silver Award stranger!

**EDIT 02:** Wow, a gold award! Thanks man!

**EDIT 03:** Lots of silver awards. Thank you very much!

&#x200B;

TL;DR is at the bottom.

In New Jersey, there is a place called *Fun Plex.* This place consists of rides that fit in the indoor amusement park, an arcade gaming corner, and laser tag, along with other games. I came here for a little fun, as I was a family spend time. Being a sixth grader, it was a fun experience doing laser tag.

I was a beast at laser tag. The contributions to COD, Battlefield, and Payday 2 helped me sum up my experience, and contributed to the laser fight (FYI, there were mostly 5th-6th grade kids playing).

Enter Entitled Parent. She was a women with the typical, "Can I speak to your manager?" haircut, with a polo shirt, and black yoga pants. Oh, and she had glasses on her.

Her son (We shall call him EK) wanted to play Laser Tag, despite the employee informing her this ain't his age. Eventually, one of my friend (we shall call him F) running this round, decided to let him in. Big Mistake.

\---INCOMING ENTITLED EPISODE---

F and I were beginning to start the round. In this Laser Tag, you have different, styled weapons. I decided to choose the lightest, but which can aim accurately. (I am a person who adapts to the environment, seeing to opposite opponent use heavy laser guns).

**EK saw the laser gun I chose. Oh boy, here we go.**

EK: Mommy, I want to have that gun!

EP: Don't worry sweetheart. You will get it. (*Turns to look at me*)

EP: Hi, can EK use that gun?

ME: Wait, what? There are similar guns over there. (*Points at the armory*)

EP: Well, my sweetie likes that gun? Why wont you give him? You are too old for this.

ME: *(I give her the: "Am I a joke to you?" face)*

ME: If you are not aware, this is the age group. You just invited your nine year old kid to laser tag eleven year olds. Please choose the guns over there, because I am not going to give you mine.

EP: *Grunts, and brings EP to the armory. Then proceeds to whisper in EK's ear.*

The round began, and the unfortunate news is that EK is on my team. We all know that this isn't going to end well.

The round began its usual. Everything was going fine, till EK began to take my scores, and began to physically push me around. This is where it became the last straw.

In the Laser Tag round, there is a second floor, which makes an excellent advantage for our team. I had found one opponent, and I was about to fire a laser, when EK pushed me, making me nearly fall over the fucking edge. F and other opponents witnessed this, and were not amused.

F called me over with the opponents, and we decided if we should inform the referee, or handle it on our own. We came to a decision of doing both, and get payback on EK.

When the next round started, we began to go all tough on EK. One kid in F's team literally kicked him to the ground, and shot him with a laser right there! This continued till the final round ended. EK was crying like a bawling baby, and went to EP. I then heard someone call me over. It was, of course, EP.

EP: You fucking piece of shit! You just hurt my precious baby!

EP then slapped me across the face. I was ready to tackle this bitch, when F came with a referee (R is for Referee)

F: That's him over there!

R: Hello ma'am, I hear that your son-*(EP cuts off)*

EP: This little shit has hurt my son! I want him to be banned-

R: Ma'am, we saw surveillance footage...

EP: See? *(EP looks at me)* Now you are in big trouble!

R: ...That your son had nearly pushed him off the second floor of the laser tag arena.

EP: That must be a mistake! He pushed you didn't he?

EK nods.

R: Ma'am, we saw the whole thing on surveillance camera, and have many people who were playing that saw it.

EP proceeds to scream like a banshee denying that her son did such a thing, and wanted me to be kicked out of the park.

This is when R comes with a comeback.

R: Aren't you the woman who caused trouble in the park a few months ago, for assaulting a kid? I suggest you leave the park ma'am, or I will have to call the police.

EP begins to protest, and **still** tries to put the blame on me. R then takes out his pager, and begins talking to it. She attempted to assualt the referee, when at the right time,the police officers arrived. Long story short,the police officers dragged the EP out of the park (while she was protesting), and EK was escorted to his aunt's house.

EP continues denying everything, while the referee talked to the police officer of the surveillance video. The police officer then drives away, when I learn that EP is in jail, for assaulting a minor, assault (R), battery, failure to leave property, and harassment.

Holy Jesus, that was one hell of a list.

Luckily for me, I never had to see her again, and my friend still bring this incident up to today whenever we go to *Fun Plex*.

**TL;DR: Entitled Kid acts like a little shit, nearly pushes me off a ledge on the second floor of Laser Tag. I and my friends had him have a rough time, and had EP be dragged out by the NJPD.**/nthis is for those who wanted to know how EK was peeking at me.

backstory

Last year around february me my mum (m) and brother (b) went bangladesh for holiday unfortunately dad couldn't go coz he had work, though he would call like everyday. We stayed for 2  weeks.

&#x200B;

cast:

me: 17 male at  the time of incident

EK: entitled girl (14 at the time of incident)

mum: m

EM: entitled whore

ED: guy who fucks with broken condoms

&#x200B;

Me and my cousins were playing in the fields, now as you most of you may know bangaldesh can get really hot like really really hot. This particular day was  around 30 degrees celcius (86 farenheit). As I was sweating I decide to go and take a shower.

In my house in BD (bangladesh), there are showers in each room. As I am getting changed I hear someone knock,

me: wait getting changed

EK:...

&#x200B;

without notice EK just opens the door and just stands there staring at me

me: what the fuck, get out

EK:...

At this point all I had was a towel around my neck and was half way through putting my boxers (btw don't worry i didn't turn around. I just tilted my head back)

I begin to scream so EM and ED run in. My mum was praying

EM: what is wrong getting closer

me: please get out and take your daughter with you (i was trying to be as nice as possible)

EM:-gets out but she doesn't take her daughter-

ED: what's wrong

me: please take your daughter, I need to get changed

ED: Ohh, it's fine she wont do anything. Besides she is your sister (we use brother and sister to refer to cousins)

me: I don't care

&#x200B;

btw ek is still there staring at me

Earth style no jutsu: mum

&#x200B;

m: what is going on

EK: i like OP

me: wtf

ED: laughs

mum: EK get out he needs to change

EK:...

ME: FUCK OFF YOU PERVERTED BITCH

ED: WHAT THE H...

ME: TEACH YOUR DAUGHTER SOME MANNERS

ED: DON'T..

ME: SHUT UP AND GET OUT

&#x200B;

they all leave

&#x200B;

from then on EK got super clingy. Like next level clingy, worse than a yandere (rise fellow weebs).

If I am talking to my friends she would start making noises and screaming.

She would just sit in my room for hours even when I told her to fuck off (nicely)

she would keep on touching me (i sat next to the window and on my left was my brother) in car journeys. She would stretch to touch me

She kept on clinging on to me for pretty much anything.

She once even called me to her room (I didn't go)

She started to ask private questions about me to my mum

&#x200B;

it just pissed me off. Thankfully I just had to endure this shit for like a week

&#x200B;

edit: typo/nThis just happened this morning, so buckle up, it's gonna get entitled. (***OBLIGITORY "I'm on mobile" APOLOGY***)

As I type this up, I'm heading down to Debert, Nova Scotia, to participate in a Canadian Forces marksmanship competition, for Atlantic division placement. This morning, while on my way into the garrison, I stopped at my local Tim's for breakfast and that all-important morning coffee. After parking my car, I noticed an SUV covered in "Remember 9/11" stickers, a few police crests, and a New Jersey licence plate. It wasn't unusual to see American tourists up our way, as this part of my province was particularly beautiful, but I've never seen an eyesore like that car. I took a glance and went inside.

As soon as I went in, I knew who owned that SUV outside. In fact, I'd have to be deaf, dumb, and blind to not know. There was an older man, around his late 50's, early 60's, complaining about how long the food was taking to make, a woman about the same age standing beside him, with a horribly defeated look on her face, and a girl about my age (early 20's) complaining about how she hates the food and coffee from that particular Timmies. I tried to ignore them, order my food, and leave.

That wasn't going to be the case. (Obviously)

The man did a double take when he noticed me in my uniform, and pointed me out to his daughter. The two of them got quiet and I noticed them sort of whispering to each other, but I gave it no mind. After ordering my food, I felt a tap on my shoulder and an "Excuse me". This is how it went:

EF = entitled father

**Me**: Oh hello. Can I help you?

**EF**: Yes, I was wondering if you were in the Canadian Army?

**Me**: Well, Infantry Reserves, but essentially, yeah. Why?

**EF**: Well, my daughter over there wants to date a uniformed man while we're up here, and she was wondering if you'd be that man?

He pointed to his daughter, and so I don't come off as a dick, I'll just say that she was NOT, in any way, my type. On top of that, I had recently come out of a long term relationship, and wasn't in the mood to get back into the dating game. I politely decline, and tell him that I'm kinda busy right now. He didn't like that answer.

**EF**: You're saying no to my daughter??? What are you, gay?!?! Just look at her! Any guy would be lucky to date her! How dare you disrespect her!

This response threw me off. I want expecting him to get super offended about this. The daughter just looks right sad about all of it and cuddles up to her mom. At that moment, my breakfast is passed to me, which I take and just leave, with EF shouting and cussing me out all the way. He follows me to my car, and even throws what I believe was a rock at me as I drive off. 

So yeah, relatively short story, but I wanted as little problems from that situation as possible. No way was I getting denied to be in this competition because of some batshit looney dude./nHi :) idk if this fits perfectly the board, but i figured it does. I apologize in advance if that's not the case.

Background: my small sister (16) is a lesbian, and has been togheter with her gf (also 16) for over a year. 

We all fit well togheter, and when they asked me to give them a ride to the train station (i am 21 and i have a car) i was more than happy to accept. They planned to have a day for themselves in another city (Zuerich, switzerland). We live in the south and taking a train is the easiest way to go there. I pick them up, and drive up to the station, were we find that their train has been suppressed. No worries, the next one will be in about 40 minutes. So i propose to the two lil lovebirds to offer them breakfast in a nearby bar.

We sit down in one of those couches in a corner, and order some coffe and a couple of brioches. Everything is fine. Note 1: i always was very protective towards my sister, and even more since she came out. They never had any issues aside from the token school bully calling them names.

We are sitting there doing nothing, i am reading a book while the two are chatting. I spot a woman on another table looking suspiciously at us, but i refuse to care.

At this point, the two girls exchange a quick kiss on the lips. Nothing even remotely vulgar, just a quick lil kiss.

The woman makes an "enough is enough" face and stands up, to then walk towards our table.

She stands there with crossed arms until i pay her some attention. Note 2: she didn't even glance at the girls, she just came up to me.

"Sorry, but couldn't you leave?"

I am quite baffled and the only answer i can mutter out is something along the lines of "y tho"

"Your girls (yes, she said "your girls") are being inappropriate and my child is scared"

The two of them were by far the most harmless looking things in the whole bar, and the bar had teddy bears lying around. 

"How the fff... how are they being scary" (i managed last moment to avoid cussing as i didn't want to make a scene)

"Well isn't it obvious? Two girls doing that in public is just unacceptable"

I am starting to get frustrated, and so is she. I adopt a dead serious face and speak slowly and deeply

"So we have to leave. Why?"

Her pitch starts getting higher

"Are you fucking with me? I don't want to have my child see this shit"

Note 3: the child was totally unbothered drawing at his table. At this bar if you bring a small child the waiter will offer some crayons and some sheets of paper.

"Your son doesn't seem bothered"

"So you know my  son better than i do??? GET OUT NOW!"

At this point the waiter is starting to pay attention from a distance. So is the manager, sitting behind the bar table (idk how ii is called in english). My sis is probably feeling the stench of an incoming fight, so she caresses my arm and tells "it's ok we can leave"

Looking at the lady, i calmly say "both of you have yet to finish your coffee, we are not going anywhere"

Lady who keeps progressively getting angrier, says "you think it is ok to do that f****t shit in PUBLIC?!?! Get out or i am getting the manager"
Note 4: she used an italian term similar to f****t which is the most offensive way to call gay people in our language. Yes, southern switzerland speaks italian. The more you know 🎶

I was dead sure that the manager was not going to kick us out at all (i worked here during the past summer and i knew him) so i was not bothered.

"We are not leaving until we decide to do so" i say as i start to get REALLY angry. "Dare to call any of them like hat again, and i am going to call the police"

Note 5: in switzerland it is common to call the police for every nuisance, so threathening to call the cops is usually a viable strategy. 

"Oh yes, call them! I bet they would be happy to see that two f****ts are doing that shit in public"

At this point my sis's gf quietly stood up and went to talk to the waitress, a lovely lady who has been there for a while.

"Is there something wrong?" the waitress says while stepping in.

"I DEMAND that you kick out those little shits, my son is being TRAUMATIZED!!!"
Note 6: the son is still drawing and completely unbothered. 

the waitress, which at this point had glanced at me as if to say "dw, i got this" goes "we are not going to kick anybody out because of your views, and even if we did it would be completely illegal"

The lady gets MAD, and while screaming nonsense she runs her hand across the table, knocking out our beverages and the remaining food.

The manager, who was monitoring the situation from afar, slams the tabletop and comes towards us with a pace. 

"Listen here ma'am, you brought this way too fucking far and i am going to call the police right now. Also i guarantee that while your son is welcome you will not set foot in this bar ever again"

The lady at this point mutters some nonsense about this being a f****t bar and how she hopes to not have gotten AIDS by drinking from their cups. Manager just points the door and says "OUT" while the waitress is already on the phone with the police. At least one police car is always hovering around the station, so we knew they would get here quickly. 

Lady grabs her kid (which was still drawing and appeared TERRIFIED when his mother just pulled him out of the chair) and storms out, knocking down the newspapers rack and some other stuff.

The manager excused himself profusely and offered to pay for our breakfast (we declined, as it was not the bar's fault - they still got us a new breakfast to make up for the one the lady knocked down).

Fast forward a couple days. The girls had a beatiful day and for a work trip i end up waiting for a train at the same bar. The manager went to greet me (as i said we knew eachother) and happily told that the woman had been stopped by the police and had to pay a heavy fine for the mess she caused. He asked if we wanted to jump in on the lawsuit but i kindly refused. 

To this day, the waiter still fruitlessly tries to offer me a free coffee :)

Edit: idk what silver is or means but apparently it is smth good so thanks a lot :)/nFirst : SUBSCRIBE TO PEWDIEPIE

Second : The title may sound clickbait but that is sort of a TL;DR if the story

This story happened 2 years ago when I was 12. I am new to this sub so I am just recalling past memories of entitles <character> stories. 

English is not my first language so there might be some errors. Feel free to tell me that.

Year 2016, India (Yes. I am from the land if T-Series)

It was my birthday and I was told to invite at most 10 of my friends with family (we had a small home. Still living there tho) so I called 9 of my closest (and only) friends and my neighbour. The neighbour included EK, EM and a kind dad. The dad was the one we always met and we're familiar with, so we thought that the rest if the family would be the same.

That day, I reduced 20 points for bad judgement.

*NOTE: EK is a girl who is 9-ish. EM is around 35 and the father is 40 (He told us his age). Also, I might refer to EK and EM collectively as EP (Entitled People) and the family as N (neighbour)*

Characters
EK- Entitled kid
EM- Entitled Mom
CD- Cool Dad
Sis- Sister
Mom- My Mother
Dad- My Father
Me- My Pet Unicorn

Enough about N now. It was my birthday after all.
N came over. This was actually the first time we saw EP. The "party" was at 8, but I decided to call my friends earlier - around 6, so we could play some games on my new computer that I had built with my father the very day. When the "party" was about half-hour away, N came. Me and my friends were in my room, unaware of the calamity that was gonna happen. EM and CD sit in the living room with my dad and mom talking about stuff adults talk about - Politics, sports (mostly Cricket), stocks, children, etc. 

During all this, EK sneaked into my room. She saw us playing and asked if she could play as well.

EK: can I play too?

Me: no. You are too young for this game and you won't even like it. (I don't remember what game it was, but it was a violent game.) 

EK: ok

It all goes well. This is probably where you think EM will come, but she didn't. 

It was 8 and I was called to cut the cake. I blew the candles on the homemade cake that my mom made. I searched for the knife (we used steel and bladed knives for cutting cake) and did not find it. My sister (mentioned in my previous post, is 5 years older) saw the knife in EK's hand. She was a little too late to see and react to that tho. EK stabbed me in the arm.

Everyone panicked as I shouted as loud as a police siren amplified with a megaphone and played through a loudspeaker at full volume. It may have been loud enough to break rocks in Brazil. As soon as my mom knew what had happened, she first called an ambulance, then the police and the started shouting at EK. EM got mad now.

EM: YOU CAN'T SHOUT AT MY DAUGHTER LIKE THAT!

Mom: SHE F****** STABBED MY SON'S ARM. (Fairying I guess)

EM: SHE WAS PLAYING. YOUR SON DID NIT LET HER PLAY ON YOUR PC DO SHE WANTED TO CUT THE CAKE! DHE MISSED AND ACCIDENTALLY STABBED YOUR SON! ITS HIS FAULT!

Mom: WHAT THE F***! (I think she said "Fairy")

EM: SHE DID NOTHING WRONG!

EK was crying from hearing the shouting. She probably realised that were shouting on or about her.

My dad was doing first aid on my arm and my sister was telling everyone to leave so as to not create any scene. No one left tho, as the police was called.

The police arrived before the ambulance (police station I closer to us than the hospital). 

Cop: WHAT THE F***! ("Fairy" again, I guess)

He saw the blood overflowing from the layers upon layers of bandaid my dad wrapped on the wound. He asked about the situation to which my sister and my friends and their parents replied. Seeing the opportunity, EM tried to leave with EK (Note that CD had left early as he had to do some business). She managed to escape, but she lived next door. After knowing the situation and seeing me being taken to the hospital on a stretcher as I had lost a lot of blood.

EM was arrested for EK's attempted murder and lost custody of EK after her divorce with CD.

I got 15 stitches and 2 months off of school. I got to stay home and watch a lot if anime. It turned out well. We later sued her and got about $2000 on top of her arrest and divorce. I got PC upgrades with the remaining $400 after my medical bills.





Edit 1: HOLY FAIRY! This blew up. 2k uv in 11hrs is too much for me.
Some people asked a few things so I am gonna asnwer them here

Medical bill was $1300 (we paid this amount. It was like 3k but medical insurance covered that)

Injury: she missed a major artery, but she managed to hit the bone hard enough to nearly dislocate it

PC specs: Then I had a gtx 950, i3 2nd gen and ddr3 ram
Now I have a gtx 1070, r5 2600 and ddr4 16gb ram. RGB everything of course.


Edit 2: Holy fairy! Thanks a lot for that gold and all the support./nCast: Me: ronron | EM: my mom | ED: my dad | W: waitress | M: manager | 

Sadly, I can’t fix the title.


  So, let me just say that my mom and dad are pretty conservative. They think that women should marry young, and stay home with kids while the husband works. They also believe women should never wear anything revealing.

  Anyway, we were shopping at Target fairly late in the evening, so we were very hungry. My mom told my dad to go to the first restaurant he saw. We went to Hooters.

  The second we walk in, my mom sees a waitress. She approached her, with an angry expression.

EM: What are you doing dressed like THAT in PUBLIC?! Don’t you work here?? I have CHILDREN you slag!

W: This is my uniform. If you don’t like it, leave.

My mom scoffs and walks to our table. (My dad had us seated while she was being bitchy.) When we sit down, my mom tells us about the “trashy lower class women”. My dad spots a waitress and loudly clears his throat, making eye contact with the waitress.

She gets the message and walks over. To give context, she’s very curvy, and is dressed the usual attire for a waitress at Hooters.

[Hooters Waitress ] (https://www.google.com/search?q=hooter+waitress&amp;amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;amp;oe=UTF-8&amp;amp;hl=en-us&amp;amp;client=safari#)

W: Yes? Are you ready to order?

ED: Young lady, you should cover up! What would your husband say?!

W:  This is what I was given, also, I’m unmarried. (looks at me) What would you like to drink, little girl?

Me: Tea!

W: Lovely, and you-

EM: Don’t talk to my daughter! I don’t want your slutiness wearing off on her!! I demand a manager.

The waitress gets her manager after a lot of hesitation, and out comes the most masculine, most terrifying man EVER.

M: Were you talking down to one of my employees?

ED: Yes, she shouldn’t be dressed like that at WORK! And she’s unmarried? What a horrible influence!

M: Sir, please respect our staff. Either order and stay quiet, or leave.

We left. I never got my tea.

Edited for spelling:)/nSo this is the second time I have run into someone so pissed about dog breeds. This happened Saturday. Check my profile for some other stories about my dog. I will link a photo at the end.

Backstory: for y'all who don't know, I own a white and black Pitbull Jack Russell mix. She looks like a small pit. We rescued her from an abusive situation which involves dogfighting, physical abuse, breeding, etc.

Here we go.

I was walking through a forest trail near my house (I live in Michigan so there are a lot of state parks) when a kid comes sprinting around the corner. This is PK, poor kid. Em is still around the corner so I can't see her yet.

PK: doggy??? doggy!!!! Can I pet him mister?

Me:sure lad! She loves kids!

My dog does that thing where she flops on her side and then rolls over so that she looks like a dead spider with her legs in the air. She has that big "pitbull smile" as some people put it on her face, and the kid starts giving her a belly rub (she loved it)

Then Em starts around the corner. At first she doesn't look concerned, she sees her smiling kid play with a dog. As she gets closer, she sees the breed and Yanks her 10 yr old away with the force of someone dragging her kid out of a burning car.

Pk: no mom! That man has a nice dog and I wanna play!!

Em: HOW DARE YOU PUT MY KID IN A DANGEROUS SITUATION!!!

Pk: it's not dangerous mom! It's a nice doggy!

Me: she's not going to bite! She loves kids!

At this point my dog was scared because of EMs yelling, so her ears and tail went straight down and she started crying a bit.

Apparently, saying my dog was fine with kids was the wrong thing

Em: *somehow louder* SHE LOVES KIDS? YEAH I BET THAT DEMON LOVES TO EAT KIDS! YOU SHOULD PUT THAT DEVIL DOWN!!

Me: not going to do that!

She started walking towards me so I scooped my dog up and booked it back home.

Edit: here's my dog

http://imgur.com/gallery/pURUXfk

Internet went down shortly after posting before I could find a pic, sorry

Edit2: the reason I ran away is because she is known for suing and winning. She has gotten 7 pets confiscated with no proof of abuse, 9 strays euthanized instead of sheltered, gotten 3 children with no home life issues taken by cps, and more. i don't wanna risk my dog's life over getting revenge./nObligatory English is my first language and I"m on my laptop, so I have no excuse for mistakes. 

&#x200B;

Anyway, some backstory. One of my favorite things in life is to be in the water. This ranges anywhere from being in the shower for extended periods, to swimming in a Lake, creek, or the ocean. I just love it. Now most people would think I would be a student athlete swimmer or something, but I wasn't. I just enjoyed the water for the sake of it. However, I also don't have a typical swimmer's body. This happened when I was about 11 or 12, but my body type hasn't changed much. I'm stocky, to put it nicely. Chubby if I'm not being so nice. 

&#x200B;

Anyway, on to the story. Like a lot of kids born in the 90s, I took swimming lessons. Unlike a lot of kids though, my parents noticed how much I loved the water and how good and safe of a swimmer I was and signed me up for Junior lifeguard lessons. This was a program where professional lifeguards would teach kids around 10-13 the tricks of the trade. This included how to conduct a rescue safely, how to conduct CPR effectively, and a little psychology to be honest. At the end, we were recognized by the local Park District as trained lifeguards and could pursue that work when we became old enough. 

So there were about 7 or 8 kids in my class. Ever the good student, I hung on every word my instructor said. I will admit, I had a bit of kid-crush on her. I turned out not to be very good at being a lifeguard, but I stuck with the training because I realized that as a good swimmer, these skills may come in handy somewhere down the line. However, that didn't apply to all the students. One was particularly bad and he will be henceforth known as EK. His entitled mother will be known as EM. My mom will be just M. Keep in mind that any dialogue I remember is now 15 years old so it's probably messed up a bit. 

&#x200B;

One day, we're doing a particular lesson that I called the Deep Dive. This was performed in the 15 foot (4.5 Meter) deep section of the pool. The idea was to retrieve a weight from the bottom that weighed approximately what a small child drowning would weigh. Our instructor, who we will shorten to "In", was timing us throughout this lesson. This is understandable because when someone is that far gone in drowning, every second counts. EK goes first and he gets a bit below average time based on the charts we were shown earlier. He's clearly mad and he doesn't get any better in subsequent tries. 

&#x200B;

Then it comes to my turn, I dive in with no hesitation and grab the weight and retrieve it in good form and exemplary time. As soon as EK hears my time, which was better than his by over 7 seconds, he throws an absolute fit.  It didn't get any better as the other students all had better times than he did. After the last kid goes, EK gets in my face. 

&#x200B;

EK: You cheated!!

Me: How did I cheat exactly?

EK: I don't know. But you cheated! There's no way a fatty like you beat me. 

&#x200B;

Now this hurt me. I'm very self-conscious about my weight even to today. My face goes red with embarrassment and I start to tear up a bit as he continues to lay into me. 

In: Hey guys. Let's be nice here and move on. (She tries to stand in between us)

ENTER ENTITLED MOTHER WITH THE HAIR AND THE TYPICAL OUTFIT (why do Karens dress this way to a pool??)

EM: Stay away from my son you little brat! (Instructor is maybe 18 or 19) (She turns to me) And You! Go off and eat some ice cream, you Whale. Leave this to the healthy trim fit angels (As she says this, she's framing her son like he's standing to pose for a portrait of Jesus)

&#x200B;

My mom hears this insult as she's walking in to wait to pick me up and she then gets in EM's face as she continues to call me a Whale and a Fatty, while In still tries to defuse the situation. Finally, I guess the EM finally just got tired of it and scoffed.

EM: This little s\*\*\* isn't even worth my time. Come on EK.

EK follows his mom out and gives me a dirty look as he heads for the exit. 

&#x200B;

Mom took me home soon after and did her best to reassure me that nothing was wrong with me and that I'm a great swimmer and all the stuff mom's say when their kids are being hard on themselves. 

&#x200B;

The hilarious thing was that that insult backfired on them. At the time, I began to become really interested in whales and dolphins and began realizing how cool they really were. That realization for tween me did wonders for restoring my confidence and now it's one of the nicknames that I insist on. I am "the whale".

&#x200B;

I'm still an excellent swimmer to this day.

Edit: I'm truly amazed by all the upvotes and comments. Thanks everyone!!/nHey there! Long time lurker, first time poster. {insert typical iPhone user formatting disclaimer thing here} English is my first and only language, make fun of me. TL;DR at bottom

EM: my entitled mom

CC: Call Center Guy

CD: my chill dad

S: my sister

Me: myself

Hotel: Trivago

So, first a little background. My mom considers herself “type a” and everything has to be perfect and her way. If not, you have a problem. As you may imagine, her being like this was embarrassing for me growing up. Plenty of stories about her from back then, but I’ll stick with this for now. 

I was visiting my parents and my kid sisters for their Spring Break and staying at their house for the week. 

EM uses some TeleHealth thing where she has S video chat with a psychologist for because S has some anger issues, etc. According to CD, the last few calls there have been technical issues, and EM had CD call customer support each time and got help. Here’s how it went this time. (Not exact words, but as well as I remember)

CD: Hey, good evening. We have an appointment set for S at 8 tonight, and it’s appearing on the schedule, but says it’s unavailable. 

CC: Ok, let me take a look. 

*CD gives info to CC*

CC: Yes, I can see you have an appointment. Are you using the app?

(Apparently the last few times they had used the app, and it has a few technical issues.)

EM (who has been listening): No I’m using my Mac. I’m on Safari. 

CC: Well, that’s your problem, ma’am. Our service isn’t 100% compatible with Safari. Our ideal browsers are Firefox and Chrome. Switch over to one of those and you’ll be good to go!

EM: But you’re app is for iOS! How can you have an iOS-based app, and not have your website work with the iOS-based browser?

(My mom fancies herself an expert on technology and has been proven incorrect about things like this numerous times)

CD: So you’re saying that if we switch over to Chrome for this we’ll be good? Great! Thanks for your t-

EM: Oh no! I don’t care what it’s “designed for!” I use Safari for everything and I need to use it for this! My appointment for S is supposed to start now!

CC: Well, ma’am, if you don’t want to use our recommended browsers or our app, I could always have the doctor call you on your cell phone. Is (her phone number) the best number to use?

EM: Yeah, hurry up!

CC: I’m going to place you on a brief hold. One moment. 

EM: *proceeds to complain for three minutes about how incompetent CC is, blah blah blah, and how if he knew even the slightest bit how to do his job, he’d have the company change their compatibility*

Me (who had been listening the whole time): I don’t think it has anything to do with CC. He only works in the call center and probably has no say over that kind of thing. 

EM: Oh yeah? Well a good customer service employee would report an issue like this, especially because they probably get tons of complaints about their service not working!

Me: I haven’t looked, but I bet it says something about compatibility when you go on their website to buy the service.

EM: Well, they can’t have an iOS app and not work with the iOS browser! It doesn’t work that way!

CC (ends hold): Okay, ma’am I have contacted the doctor and he will be in touch in the next few minutes. Is there anything else-

EM: As a matter of fact there is! I’d like to tell you that you are not a very good customer service representative if you refuse to take important complaints to your employer!

CC: Excuse me, I don’t follow?

EM: I’m sure you get tons of complaints about incompatibilities and you refuse to address them! I expect to be refunded for the hassle you and your company put me through tonight! My daughter has a strict bedtime and needs to get enough sleep for school! Her appointment is one hour long and was set to end at her bedtime!

(As I said, this week was Spring Break for my sister, so it didn’t make a difference when she went to sleep, especially if it was just 15 minutes or so later than usual.)

CC: I’m very sorry miss, but I’m going to have to disconnect this call now. I don’t like the way I’m being spoken too. You have a good night, sir. 
(“Sir” being CD who had called and was still there.)

Me: You never worked in customer service, did you mom?

She hadn’t. 

TL;DR: Online service not compatible with EMs browser, call center guy makes this clear. EM calls him incompetent for his service not working for her personally. 

Edit: spelling

/nI am on mobile so don't mind if I make any mistakes or errors.

Currently I am at Weymouth for a holiday with my dad and his gf and we decided to go on a boat ride across the Weymouth Bay to Isle of Portland. We thought it might be a nice sightseeing experience.

Cast: Me - Edgy name guy; DG - Dads gf; RC - Random couple; C - Captain; EM - Entitled Mom; EK - Entitled Kid.

Before we even got onto the boat one of the crew members told my dad to put his shirt on since it might get cold. I, learning from my past mistakes, started carrying around a hoodie with me since it might get cold at any moment, hearing that warning I put it on.

Everything goes well while we're going to Isle of Portland, we hear some cool stuff from the Captain as he tells us about the area. The journey  forwards was nice since the sun was still out but the journey back definitely wasn't.

Things got a bit chilly on our way back. I thought nothing of it and was happy that I had my hoodie until the EM approached me.

EM - Uhm, sorry, couldn't help but notice that you had a hoodie on.
Me - Yeah, and?
EM - Well as you can see my EK didn't bring anything with her as we didn't expect things to get this cold.
Me - And? What am I suppose to do about it?
EM - Well I thought that you could lend her your hoodie?
Me - No, sorry as it is still about a 30 minute ride back and I don't wanna get cold.
EM - Well I don't care if you get cold or not my baby is freezing to death, so this is the last time I'm gonna ask you nicely.
Me - Well this is the last time I tell you no. Besides why dont you give her your shirt.

By this point EK was inside of her shirt, shivering.

EM - If I do, I myself will be cold and you will need to give your hoodie to me then which i doubt will fit.
Me - Well it's not my responsibility to take care of your children. You can take a seat. I'm not giving you anything.
EM - You should talk with respect with your elders! You better appologize before I throw you off this god forsaken boat.

She says this as she tugs me off my seat.

Me - The hell are you doing, get off me.
DG - Get your hands off him, hes not giving you anything.
EM - My baby's cold! She needs his hoodie!

She says this as she pulls me closer to the edge.

Me - Stop it, I can't swim well.
EM - Well its not my problem now is it.

The captain notices the commotion and comes out of his... whatever, where he controls the boat.

C - Whats goin on here, why are you standing?
EM - Oh thank god you're here. This nonce isn't giving EK his hoodie, she's freezing to death.
C - It's not his problem, he doesn't have to give you anything, let go of him.
EM - Not until he gives my baby his hoodie.

She grabs me again and tries to push me off. My dad doesn't know english so he doesn't realise whats going on but he decides to step in as he sees me being pushed towards the edge. He pulls me closer to him and pushes her away.

EM - Give me his hoodie!
DG - No he won't!
C - He's not giving you anything shut up, come here!
EM - I'm not going anywhere with you.
C - Not you, the boy!

I walk over to him while he orders her to sit down or she'll be the one overboard. I walk to him to the place where he steers the boat and make the rest of the journey to the docks with him.

When we're trying to get off she pushes me off the stairs but I got my balance and the Captain says don't worry, saying he'll call the police. We returned back and had a laugh about the situation. I thought I'd have an inconvenience with an EP at the store or somewhere else. Not on a boat while being threatened.

Edit: Clearing things up. Apprently the place where he drives the boat is called the bridge, I'll keep that in mind. The random couple I mentioned in this story was trying their best to abstain from this situation there was some dialog between them but it was unimportant and I shortened the events so it wouldn't be too long.

The reason I stayed calm and didn't do anything is because the boat was small and shaky and I didn't want to slip or loose my footing and fall. Also I'm not really a violent person. After I joined the Captain on the bridge I didn't really see what was happening apparently she was nagging the Random Couple for their stuff.

The Entitled Kid in this story as some of you pointed out may not have been Entitled but she had a really big grin after the EP was trying to take my hoodie and threw a tantrum when she couldn't get it. 

Thanks again for your comments, I'm not good at reciting stories and this was my first ever one on reddit./nOK, so a lot of context coming up. First time posting in this sub. I'm 17 (I have a full beard and a ponytail. This becomes important later), was born in India but currently reside in the UK, natural English speaker and currently halfway through my A Levels (exams taken before you go to University). I go to a grammar school. I have a brother, 13, who has level 3 ASD and goes to a different school which caters for his needs.

I will split this up into Acts to help with the formatting mess I have created.

Dramatis Personae:

Mister Excellent

Dad

Bro

EM: Entitled Mother/Muttonhead

EK: Entitled Kid/Knobhead

Teacher

Councilor

Police

Headmaster

# ACT 1: Oh No

This happened yesterday. It was Bro's year's Parents Evening (where the student and parent talk to their subject teachers) and, given that I had broken up earlier than him, I decided to tag along. Dad drove Bro and I to school. After parking the car, as we get out, I notice EM in a niqab (a veil worn by Muslim women which covers up everything apart from her eyes) shouting at EK (who was also in  Bro's year) in Arabic, in the parking lot. I make a mental note of this.

So we walk in. While they complete the registration forms, I help myself to some tea and sit down and check my phone, minding my own business until a vast shadow emerges in front of me. Guess who it was? EM, who I should mention was as fat as a elephant. I just continue sipping my tea and looking at my messages when actual speech happens:

EM: **AHEM**

Me: Huh?

EM: *shouts at me in Arabic*

Me: Sorry, I don't speak Arabic.

EK: You look like you speak Arabic.

Me: Excuse me? I only speak English, Panjabi, and German. *faces EK* Can you not translate for your mum?

EM proceeds to attempt to grab my tea. I swerve my hand out of the way, before getting blasted by a barrage of Arabic. Everyone is watching us. This bitch pissed me off, I was gonna piss her off.

Me: Alright, I've had enough. *stands up* You want the tea, you can have the tea.

I hold out the cup, and as she reaches, I move my hand away and towards a conveniently placed bin, dropping the cup in it akin to dropping a mic.

Me: You and your son should have no problem getting that, given what pieces of rubbish you both are. You don't look like you need a drink anyway, miss.

I walk off, Bro and Dad are ready to see the first teacher. EM shouts at me (once again in Arabic, not understanding that I don't speak it Goddamnit) but I ignore her. We proceed to start the first meeting.

# ACT 2: Oh God No

10 mins pass, the meeting is now finished. Bro gets extremely pleasant feedback and is given a chocolate bar to his delight. As we exit the room, I see EM and EK sitting down opposite. If looks could kill, I would have died several times over. Fortunately, their stares didn't last for long. Unfortunately, something worst happened.

EK: I WAAAAAAANT THAAAAAAT CHOOOOOOCOLATE! *a la spongebob*

Dad: No, he's already has half of it. Anyway, don't you know about disease?

EK: THAT RETARD HAS A DISEASE!

EM starts laughing, hinting that she at least understands English. Bro's blood starts boiling, gets ready to launch at them like a wolf. Dad has to hold him back. I get ready to explode, but God must have been watching, because he sent an angel to our situation.

Teachher: *emerging from her room* The only disease I see here is people like you, EK, and EM, who are cancer to our community, and will not be tolerated. Unfortunately, your son time and time again has proven to be a menace to the school, especially in my classes, and I'm surprised he hasn't be more harshly punished. Please come in, your appointment is due. Or would you like a lecture on how diseases can be contracted via consuming other's food?

The smuggest of smiles emerge from my face. Bro calms down and slowly starts finishing his chocolate, taking really big bites and consuming it really slow. Dad tries to hold his laughter. EM is absolutely dumbfounded, EK knows he's fucked up big time.

Teacher: I'll see you later for your appointment, Bro. Enjoy the chocolate!

Bro and Dad both start laughing as we walk to our next appointment.

# ACT 3: Oh Hell No

After a few more appointments (Teacher gave Bro and I more chocolate for our troubles), we had 1 more appoint with Councilor. We got ready to enter her room, when the "demom" and her hellspawn emerge from around the corner, screaming in Arabic again. Councilor also emerges, and proceeds to defend us from this onslaught.

Councilor: Sorry, EM, but I must ask that you leave. This is the 3rd time today you've caused a disruption.

EK: Bro's been chatting shit about me all day!

Councilor: I find that hard to believe. What has he apparently called you?

EK: Errrr......wasteman?

Dad and I explode laughing - no way would my brother say that. Councilor invites us in, but EM starts running towards us. The way she ran was even MORE comical that Bro fell on the floor laughing. EM FINALLY starts speaking English, albeit quite poor.

EM: We follow this scoundrel all day and he no help me find rooms I need!

Councilor: So you've been stalking these people for... 2 hours?

EM: It's not "sawking", this boy guide and should help me! *looks at me*

Me: I don't go to this school.

EM: Yes, I saw yesterday out school!

Me: I was in Cambridge yesterday. I can't bloody teleport.

Councilor: Also, his beard and hair styles would be deemed "excessive" in this school. Our policy on hair is -

EK: *interrupts Councilor* BULLSHIT! Girls have the same hair as him!

Bro: Girls have naturally long hair, dumbo! *attempts to make somewhat respectable elephant noise*

EM starts walking towards Bro.

Bro: *falls backwards on the floor* OOF! *a la Roblox*

EM: I no do something!

Bro: I know, I just didn't want to be crushed by your blubber!

Dad and I temporarily die of laughter as Bro gets up. Councilor has a smile on her face.

EM: *looks at EK* what "bubba"?

EK: Whale body.

EM was so enraged that she threw her bag at Bro, missing his face. Councilor presses the security button on the wall, which I didn't even notice. (Apparently security was only required for extreme cases but everyone knew this had gone past extreme). Dad gets in her face and starts screaming stuff like "What the fuck is wrong with you?" and "Do you want to get arrested, you fool!" with EM just saying "He need it!" Security finally comes and escort the troublesome pair out. Councilor gives Bro some Pepsi to cool down, and we proceed to have our final meeting of the day. Little did we know what was to come after...

# ACT 4: Oh Fuck No

With the all the meetings finished, and Bro getting delightful feedback, we decided to go to Nando's to get some elite rewards. As we walk out, waving goodbye to the receptionist, I hear Dad exclaim "Oh fuck no" and Bro start growling. EM, who I was now convinced was the mother of Satan (who has probably assumed the form of EK) has summoned the police to the parking lot. Knowing that we had done nothing wrong (apart from making the pair angry, but we could debate that they instigated each event), we approached the devil. Then I heard something that turned everything on it's head:

Police: Hey Dad!

Dad: Hey Police! How's the wife?

Police was one of Dads's drinking buddies. It was sheer luck - or at least I thought. Turned out that when they got the call, Police asked to have a look, knowing that we would be there as Dad had told him on Saturday. Either way, I knew God was on my side.

Police: Apparently, this woman claims that you've been stalking her for 2 hours today.

Dad: Quite the contrary - she's been stalking me!

Police: I assumed so.

EM starts screaming at the other officer, who politely tells her to calm down, even though she is having none of it. EK is **FLOSSING** for no reason, probably thinking that we would be sent to the Tower to be executed. Everyone in the parking lot is looking at her. She attracts so much attention that she summons Headmaster, a bit posh lad who has been well informed of her pesky deeds, and the caretaker, holding the laptop.

Headmaster: It seems there is a problem, officer.

Police: You wouldn't seem to know about this situation, would you, kind sir?

Headmaster: I took the liberty of pulling the CCTV scattered around the school highlighting this women's heinous doings. I am not  a lawyer, good sir, but I can assure you that these 3 men are innocent of any crime - apart from that beard! *points at me*

Everyone apart from the entitled ignoramuses were laughing. EM turns as pale as a ghost, looking like she saw one herself. Adrenaline probably kicks in, and she makes another run (she probably could have been quicker if she started rolling instead) towards the caretaker, presumably aiming for his laptop, but Police stops her in her tracks. EK finally knows that he has lost and starts bawling, so the other officer places him in the cop car. Police pins EM against the wall.

Police:  You do not have to say anything - (thank you [u/OwainX](https://www.reddit.com/user/OwainX) for the correction)

EM: *starts screaming* RAPE! RAAAAAAAAAAAAAPE!

Police: This isn't rape, ma'am. This is an arrest for attempting to resist -

EM: RACIST! YOU TOUCH ME BECAUSE I WEAR NIQAB! (she started saying more stuff in Arabic, I could only understand her saying Allah lots and lots.)

Police: It isn't racism either, ma'am. The correct term would be prejudice, which also doesn't apply here. Would you like me to tell you all your charges?

EM lets out a soul-piercing screech and is promptly placed in the cop car. Everyone involved gives a statement, including both Teacher and Councilor, who stayed 30 mins late to do so. We never brought race or religion into it, we only called her fat and stupid. EK has apparently been suspended, and we may see EM in court (I don't study Law and I have no idea how any of it works. Oh well.) We all had a good laugh about it, before us 3 had a cheeky Nando's to celebrate Bro's results. And as luck would have it, who do we find there? Teacher herself. Turns out her BF or husband or whoever was the manager, and gave us a discount for more of our troubles. I will probably never live down how stupid yet funny this day was.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: EM has an argument with me, EK has a mini tantrum about chocolate, EM goes on a rampage about hair and later gets arrested, all in 2 hours.

Edit: Pretty sure this is my biggest ever post here! I've edited various spelling/grammar errors. I'll try responding to as many comments as possible.

Edit 2: PLATINUM! My first honour on reddit! A huge thank you. Also, the initial trial is TOMORROW, and its 23:40 at the time of writing, so I'll get some sleep and give you all the dosh on the trial tomorrow. Hopefully, it should be swift. Anyway, goodnight, you fabulous people!

Edit 3: Removed all acronyms apart from EM and EK to make it easier for others to read. Also, thank you for the other honours!

Edit 4: If you think this is BS, I don't care. Sorry!

Edit 5: [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/cil835/update_on_bitchy_stalking_em/) is the update on the hearing!/n\[Second post\] This post is about the same EA from -  [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ba3ehy/ea\_took\_my\_christmas\_present\_because\_her\_baby/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/ba3ehy/ea_took_my_christmas_present_because_her_baby/)\----

Backstory : This was about one time when my mom had to go to other island for surgery (I live in a group of islands and mine is small so we don't have a proper hospital even), and the only person available to take care of me, was sadly my aunt, she and her devil spawn moved into our house for a weekend, since both my mom and dad couldn't stay home at all.

Cast :

Me : Dwayne The Rock Johnson

EA : Eletronic Arts (Entitled Aunt for dummies)

EK : Empirical Kingdom

\----

Beggining with the story, the day my mom left, a friday night, the EA arrived at my home, unpacking her thousand bags and packages (for a weekend let me remind you), and right away, ordered me to wash the dishes and dry them afterwards, afraid of getting my a\*\* grounded the first day she was here, I complied, this while EK was playing on his brand new Nintendo DS he had just gotten for no reason other than *"Being a good boy",* I am done with my tasks, let me remind you this is about 9 pm still, and she tells me it's about time for me and EK to go to bed, since he's an angel child and he must get sleep early to preserve his beauty and well being, while I was nothing but a burden for the majestic EA. The problem the title talks about, starts more exactly when I wake up the next morning, I woke up by 6 am given how early I went to bed so I went downstairs to check what's going on (I heard some plastic noise and someone mubling to themselves) **JUST WHAT DID I FIND HMMMMMMMMMMM?** There EA stands, our fridge wide open and she looking at me with her shut while moving more stuff into her plastic bags, so clearly, I asked :

Me : Auntie why are you putting our food in those bags? (I was 11, still a kid but not retarded so I noticed what she was doing)

EA : Oh, as I came to help you guys, I thought I'd take something for myself as a payment \*awkwardly laughs\*

Me : If mom thinks that's okay.... (on a pouty voice)

EA : You don't need to tell anything to your mom about this, (yelling now) **OR I'LL MAKE SURE SHE THINKS YOU WERE THE ONE WHO DID ALL THIS STUFF**

Me : \*Kinda teary\* O-okay... \*back to my room\*

&#x200B;

\----

After this, later that day my mom came back, being the little kid I was, I was still afraid of what she could do to me or tell my mom so I couldn't do anything to stop it. She later told my mom I was the one who tossed the food away and put in the trash can, which for some dumb reason my surgery-tired mom didn't question and just left it be. EA told me Goodbye with a smirk on her face and left with her full bags and packages and EK near her with his DS.

&#x200B;

Yup, sadly this one didn't have an happy ending because this EA had lots of autority still, and my mom had just came back from a surgery (I don't know to what since then because I was a child so she thought I'd be afraid) so she didn't bother doing anything about it, and didn't question my part of the story, sadly this is just one of the many situations where she stole stuff from us or put everyone else under her and her child, this is the might of the ***E A, remember kids.... E A SPORTS, IT'S IN THE GAME***

&#x200B;/nSo this is a fun little memory from high school. A story talking about a uniform reminded me of it so here ya go.

I'm a horrible mobile user. But how else am I supposed to get my daily meme fix on the go, right?

Anyway. I used to be part of the band dance squad. Anyone who's been on knows we're just kinda cheerleaders but we get to dance with live music almost. I mean, that's as best as I can describe it. Attack me if you must- I was about 17 at the time. Homecoming was that day and of course everyone was to be on the field I think around 4 or something. So, us being the teenagers we were, my friends and I in the band went to a popular burrito place that rhymes with BuBoba. Because we had about an hour before the game, I was in most of my uniform already. Blue/gold leotard, hair had glitter in it, blue and gold skirt over it. The only thing that wasn't on me was heavy makeup and a petticoat. To hide my legs because it was cold I wore leggings. 

As I'm standing in line with my friends, them laughing because I was messing around in my uniform and what not, I hear this woman clear her throat. Now it's been 2 years since then, I don't remember how she looked. But I do remember she did have sunglasses on. She whipped them off in order to glare at me, which confused me. But maybe she had seen me dance around like a fool so I fixed myself back up and continued to talk like normal. My first friend was next in line, which meant I had about 3 people in front to choose if I wanted a burrito or a bowl. As I'm choosing my meal, I hear the clearing of a throat again. I'm just gonna call her Nancy, since Karen is a bit over used. Also I'm possibly gonna make shit up since like I said it's been two years, but what she essentially said was;

N: Excuse me, young lady!

M: yes ma'am?

N: I'm sorry but how old are you?

M: uh, I'm 17... why do you ask?

N: OH NOOOOOO THAT OUTFIT IS MUCH TOO INNAPROPRIATE FOR SUCH A YOUNG CHILD. YOU NEED TO GO HOME AND CHANGE, NOW. 

M: I'm sorry miss, but this is my uniform. And I have something important to do tonight-

N: YOU'RE TOO YOUNG TO BE SELLING YOUR BODY LIKE THIS! WHERE ARE YOUR PARENTS?! DO I HAVE TO CALL THE POLICE?!

She then grabs my arm and tries to pull me away from my friends and out of the door. My friends drop their stuff and pull me back.

F1: Sorry miss, but you really can't do that. Please leave her be.

N: BUT SHE'S DRESSED PROVOCATIVELY. AND SHE'S SO YOUNG. YOU NEED TO GO HOME AND CHANGE. NOW.

M: *kinda annoyed but understanding* I understand that the uniform looks really tight and all, but it's my schools uniform and it's really no biggie. 

By that time it was my turn, so I quickly made my order and booked it back to the band room so I could eat in peace. 

So I bet you're wondering how this made her an entitled "parent." Huh? 

Welp, as we were doing warm ups and the bleachers were slowly being filled, I saw the woman walk into the bleachers. I almost laughed knowing this would really get under her skin. The game would start soon, and it was time for our first set. The band started playing, and I saw the woman look around... until she saw little ol me. And 13 other girls in the same outfit. The look on her face was priceless. My guess is that her team didn't have a dance portion of the band. Because she was definitely confused when she saw the rest of us. I dunno if this made her entitled or anything. But this remains a favorite story of mine. To the Band Nerds out there. Keep having fun. I know I did!/nI'm Spanish so sorry if you find any spelling or grammar error.
I recently discovered this subreddit and really helped me because I needed to tell this to someone just so I feel a little bit better. 
For putting you in situation, this happened a month ago while I was at the park with my little sister, who we're gonna call LS (she's 9 and I'm 15). Also we adopted her from Honduras, she knows that and we even celebrate the anniversary of her going with our family. When she went with us the people there stole almost all the things she had so she refuses to give her things to strangers (this will be important later).

I'll try my best relating it because, as I said, it happened a month ago.

Cast: EM (entitled mother) EK (entitled kid) LS (my little sister) Me (me) N (A person that lived in a flat next to the park) 

I was with LS playing in the park, she had her scooter and a backpack on with toys and notebooks for drawing, etc.

There is a spot in the middle of the park about 10x10 meters large and 3 meters tall that you access by stairs (there are stairs on each side) so I sat on a bench near to the wall (the one that's 3 m tall) and told her to play wherever she wanted and I'll wait her there. Did that because there was a car in front and I could see up that square by the reflect of the window and there was no one in the park.

She went up with the scooter and bag and everything was normal until EM and EK came.
They had parked their car on the other side of the park, right in front of the stairs.
I noticed on the car window reflect EK coming towards LS and heard the conversation. Just for curiosity I started spying standing on the bench and seeing them behind a tree that was there (the park is full of vegetation)


EK: Hi

LS: Hi

EK: What are you playing with?

LS: My toys (she was on the grass with the scooter at her side and the bag was opened so she was playing with the toys) 

EK: What is what you got in your hands right now?

LS: Just an airplane toy

EK: Can I pick some toys? (She had a few little cars, the airplane and 2 action figures, which she liked a lot)

LS: Sorry, no
She started to feel uncomfortable I think because she put all back in the bag.

EK: But those are boy toys and you shouldn't be playing with them, I should (he was about 5 y.o and i wish in the future he understands that nearly nothing is assigned to a gender. EM looked about 30 y.o)

LS: But I like them so please if you are gonna be like that go away


I stay behind the tree with my phone in hand marking our parent's number because I saw the EK talking to EM and both of them coming to LS and i havr bad feelings about it.
My sister is almost ready to go down the stairs to go with me (she didn't knew I climbed using the bench and was 
hiding on the tree) when EM picks the scooter.


EM: Why don't you want to let my son take your toys?


At that phrase I just clicked the call button and told our parents what was happening, where we were and they were pretty close to the park so just 2 minutes walking for them. Didn't hear a little bit of the conversation so I, knowing our parents are on the way, walk from behind of a tree to them and then I asked:


Me: Who are those, LS? Why does she have your scooter?

LS: She took it and wont give it to me unless I give her son my toys because they are "for boys"

Me: *processing everything* 

Me (to EM): In what year do you live?

EM: Why do you ask me that?

Me: because toys aren't attached to a gender 
(Told it in a way that i hoped her child noticed what was wrong with him)

EM: No, those are boy toys and you are going to give it to my son now, what are you, her brother or something?

Me: Yes, I am, and you better give us the scooter.

EM: No unless you give my son her toys (pointing at the bagpack my sister had, now on her back and ready to go)


At this point our parents arrived and asked us what happened. I told them everything and EM was trying to deny it by saying excuses like we are poor and we need those toys more than you, she is a girl and those toys are not good for her.
We were talking for like 5 minutes about that when EM said "Fine, I'll take them myself"

She fucking kicked our parents and hit us with the scooter, my sister in the FUCKING FOREHEAD and me in my stomach. My sister starts BLEEDING and EM grabs her and opens the car with her key, telling her son to enter. He does it and she keeps dragging my LS, with her forehead bleeding and we are recovering from the hit. 
Our parents are +50 y.o so they were really damaged when N came out of a flat and stopped EM, punched her in the head making she fall and stops dragging LS.


N: Are you all ok? I was hanging my clothes when I saw this, I have already called the police and they will be here in 1 minute (we live in a really small town)

Me: I am, but she isn't (pointing at LS)


Our parents finally get up while N keeps EM down and I try to somehow stop the bleeding of LS and call an ambulance.
I hear the cops' siren and EM was moving like a cockroach trying to get up.

 I fainted for the stress and woke up in the hospital, my parents only told me that EM was arrested and they don't know what happened to EK.

My sister now has a scar on her forehead and a severe trauma that made her not talk at all and gave her a BIG anxiety, and she has to go every day to a psychologist for treating it.

Still haven't seen her be happy, smile or laugh since then, I hope she gets fine soon and can live a normal life. If I find EM again in the future I will fucking teach her that I can do as much pain to her than she did to my sister. This bitch really deserves an entire life, or inmortality better but every single day she gets tortured without dying.


Edit: Thank you all for the support and for the help, really. Idk how to express myself in texts so that's all I can say but I would love to make an entire fucking statue of all of you. I hope one day she can finally live well and I'll be updating when she makes some progress in her recovery and I tried to show her how much love and support she was given by strangers (traducing it because she doesn't know english) to try and make her feel a little bit better.

Again, seriously thank you for the support and help and hope that in some years she is all right. 
I'll try to respond some comments while I have time./n  

This is probably going to be the dumbest EP story you’ll read today so enjoy. 

&#x200B;

TLDR - >!Entitled whale at a yard sale demands to buy a video game that’s not for sale and then tries to break stuff and claims she’s assaulted when asked to leave.!<

&#x200B;

This happened about 2 summers ago. My family was having a yard sale and we had the usual stuff out like old clothes, furniture, kitchen stuff, etc. I was selling some older video games. 

&#x200B;

Background info - I had gathered some old PS3 and PS4 games and was putting stickers with prices on them. Like $1-2 for the PS3 games (my PS3 had crashed so I just wanted the games gone) and like $10-15 for some older PS4 games. I had them all spread out on the desk in my room (about 20 total). I had managed to price/sticker most of the games and put them in a cardboard box labelled “PS3 & PS4 GAMES” but a few were still unpriced/stickered. Before I finished the last few, my older brother asked me to help him setup outside. I went with him and figured I’d come back to do the rest later. 

&#x200B;

Setting up took longer than we thought and people started showing up early. We finished setting up the last table and I was going to go back inside to get the box of games but I saw my mom already dropping off the box labelled “PS3 & PS4 GAMES” on a table. Great, I thought, she already grabbed the box from my room and saved me a trip. I figured I’d go finish pricing the last few games at the table.

&#x200B;

Enter a whale of an entitled mom aka Moby Dick **(MD)** and her pre-teen son aka Invisible Boy **(IB)**. They were one of the first people to show up and IB is already at the box of games that my mom dropped off. I see IB going through the box and I’m thinking “Cool, he might buy some games”. As I get closer I see him pull out a *RED* game case. 

&#x200B;

Some key info here. PS3 game cases are black, PS4 game cases are blue, and Nintendo Switch game cases are red. I had recently bought a Nintendo Switch the week before and I only had one game, Zelda Breath of the Wild. So I knew right away what had happened. My mom must have grabbed all of games on my desk including Zelda and put them in the box. 

&#x200B;

Here’s where the fun begins.

IB was the type of shy kid who spoke very quietly, almost a whisper, and only to his mom who then spoke annoyingly loudly for him. 

*IB points to the game and whispers to MD.* 

**MD** “How much for this game? There’s no sticker” 

**ME** “Sorry ma’am, it’s not for sale, my mom must have put that game in the box by acciden…“

**MD** *cuts me off* “I’ll give you $10“.

(It was still a pretty new game at this time, I bought for $80 – I live in Canada) 

**ME** “As I was saying, it’s not for sale, my mom put that game in the box by accident.“

*I reach for the game but MD grabs the game from IB’s hand and holds it away from me.* 

At this point my Older Brother **(OB)** joins the fun. (Note: my brother has ZERO tolerance with rude people).

**OB** “What’s going on \[ME\]? 

**ME** “Mom put Zelda in the box by accident and this lady wants to buy it” 

*OB laughs and reaches for the game but MD again pulls it away and holds it behind her whale body.*

**OB** *still relatively calm.* “Lady, my brother just got that game. It’s not for sale.”

**MD** “It was in the box so you HAVE TO sell it!” *saying it as if it's the law.*

**OB** “I don’t HAVE TO do shit lady, just hand it over. There's other games in the box you can buy.”

**\***At this point, I remembered that I just played Zelda the night before so the actual game cartridge was in my Switch and wasn’t in the case she was holding. Looking back, I realize that I missed a huge opportunity to fuck with MD, damn.  

**ME** *kind of laughing* “The game isn’t even in the case, look”

**MD** *opens the case and sees that it’s empty.* “Where is it? Are you trying to scam me?” 

**OB** *getting annoyed* “It’s not in there because it’s not for fucking sale. What aren't you understanding???”

**MD** “I’m not leaving without the game”. 

**ME** *with a smug grin* “You can have the case for $10 if you want”

**MD** “No, I want the game. You HAVE TO sell it because it was in box!” 

**OB** *now fully annoyed* “Again with the fucking HAVE TO… Ok fine, you want the game? It’s $500” 

**MD** *shocked* “I’M NOT PAYING THAT MUCH! The other games in the box are only $10 so I’M ONLY PAYING $10!”.

*MD reaches in her purse to get the money like that was end of the sale, but OB quickly grabs the case from her hand while she was distracted.*  

**MD** “Give that back or I’m calling the police” 

**OB** *with no hesitation* “Here, use my phone” *and pulls out his phone.* “Want me to dial?” 

For the first time MD is speechless. 

&#x200B;

OB isn’t very tall (5’10) but he is pretty muscular and can come off as intimidating when he wants to. 

**OB**, *annoyed and sees that this is going nowhere, approaches MD and says* “Lady, I’ve had enough. Get the fuck off my property”. 

&#x200B;

*MD with fuss grabs IB’s arm and starts walking away and OB follows. In typical bitchy style, as she passes some tables she pushes a couple boxes of clothes off onto the ground. Then, as she passes the last table, she reaches for a box of kitchen glassware to tip it over but OB grabs her wrist first to stop her.* 

&#x200B;

**MD** *yanks her arm away like she was just shot and screams* “ASSAULT! ASSAULT! YOU ALL SAW IT! 

Everyone is watching at this point. 

**OB** *sighs* “We have security camera’s there and there” *points to the camera above the garage and the one on the corner of the house.*

**MD** “I DON’T CARE! I’M GOING TO SUE YOU! 

**OB** “Good for you, now fuck off!“

*MD gets into her Karenmobile with her kid and honks and flips up off as she speeds away.* 

&#x200B;

It’s been over 2 years now and no lawsuit yet LOL. /nFINALLY got permission to tell this! This happened last December, and when I joined reddit, I wanted to tell this story. Since it focused on my brother, I wanted his permission to tell it, and he finally gave it.

Ok, so for Context, I need to tell a quick story: My brother showed me a post from...somewhere, I forget where some years ago, about these two men at a store, trying to buy something, and watched this kid reeking havoc at the store. his mother only stepped in when anyone tried to tell the kid to stop. The kid would get a big grin as his mommy yelled at a person for trying to discipline her kid. Then the kid would start running around again.

At one point, the kid bit one of the guys SO HARD, he drew blood, even had it on his lip. The two men started freaking out, and the mother got ready to yell at them. The guy that got bit told her that he had AIDS and that she had to get her son to a doctor NOW! They walked away after that, and heard the mother start crying.

Now, the reason I told that story, is because my Bro and I forgot about it after a time, until this event happened.

My Bro was by himself, shopping for his wife for Christmas, and he went to a store that his wife liked. Every damn time they go there, there is this woman who is letting her son tear up the place, not to mention hitting and biting people. She never got banned because her husband was the manager of the place, so he lets it slide. People complained, but it went no where.

My bro got lucky until December, when he was shopping alone. He was looking at something, when he heard the EK yell "I'M GONNA BITE!"

Bro turned around in time, and had to grab the kid, to keep him from biting. He believed the kid was around 5 or 6, and started screaming "I AM GOING TO BITE YOU!" at the top of his lungs. The kid struggled, trying to bite my brother while growling.

EM came marching up to him: Let my son go Right this Instant!

Bro; Lady! I am NOT going to let your son bite me!

EM: You will let go of my child Or I'll have you arrested for trying to kidnap him.

Bro: Then I'll tell the police how you let your son attack other people!

She started to speak, but my brother cut her off.

Bro: NO! Your son has no right to bite people! You never know who might hit him for biting them, or who was sick and shouldn't be bitten!

At that point, the EK got freed, grabbed my brother's arm and bit down HARD! So hard, in fact, that the kid drew blood, and my brother actually needed stitches. the kid let go, blood on his lips and teeth, and was just grinning.

At that moment, my brother remembered that story he shared with me. And he got an evil thought.

Bro: >Sounding panicked< Holy Shit! Kid, spit out that blood! SPIT IT OUT NOW!

EK just grinned shook his head, and licked up the blood, commenting how tasty it was. Both my Bro and I wondered if the kid was a vampire or something.

Bro: >Was able to make a convincing look of horror< Your son...

EM: >Is so damn smug, my brother no longer felt guilty about doing this<

Bro: Lady! I have HIV! YOUR KID JUST SWALLOWED MY BLOOD! I have HIV! Get him to a doctor NOW!

The EM stared at him in shock then horror. She gave a loud cry, picked up her son, and dashed out of there, crying hard.

After she left, my Bro looked around and saw the faces of the shocked customers and workers there.

Bro: I don't have HIV, I just lied so she could understand that her kid shouldn't bite people.

He got a round of applause. He had to go get stitches, but he hoped it would teach the lady to get her kid to stop biting people.

Sure enough, the next time he went, he saw the EM there with EK. She looked at him in anger, and he was prepared. She marched right up to him, her son's hand in her hand.

EM: You are so damn lucky that my son didn't get HIV, you sick freak. If he had-

Bro: I wouldn't be legally responsible for it, since you let your son to attack me, and made no move to stop him.

EM: My Husband

Bro: Should know that there are witnesses who can testify against him, stating that he knew what his own son was doing, and was doing nothing about it.

Em was just flabbergasted for a moment, but recovered: You should be banned! You could make a lot of people sick!

Bro: And YOU got lucky your son wasn't sick from biting someone! He might not be so lucky next time! So you should control your kid!

After that, she just walked away. A bit later, my Bro had learned that she had reigned in her kid quite a bit, and her husband won't allow their child to harm anyone at the store again. I asked my Bro if he thought about telling her the truth, but he decided not too. Every time she saw him, he wanted her to remember that her son dodged a bullet.

&#x200B;

EDIT: WOW! thanks for the gold! And yes, I know most of you are saying how you would had hit the kid. I called my brother and asked why. He pretty much said what I thought: The mother would had gotten way upset, probably would had fought back, and the kid would had not learned a good lesson cause his mommy was acting violent as well./nMobile!
English isn’t my first language! 


So, this story happened to me two months ago, before summer holiday. So I won’t remember everything that was said.

But before we get started, let’s meet the cast.

Me: obviously 
EK: entitled kid (that I thought I was friends with)
EP: entitled parent
H: Headmaster
F: some friends


A backstory for you to understand why EP wanted me banned from school.

So I was friends with EK for a quite long time, and she was actually nice (I thought). I friend of mine outed herself as a lesbian and not only EK but most of the schools people where totally fine with it. 
So I trusted EK and outed myself to her as trans. (And Asexual)
First she seemed very supportive and accepting but then everything changed.
Whenever I was around her she was being homophobic/transphobic. The people I’m friends with now, also noticed that and confronted her. (But they didn’t knew I was trans) So they thought it was a phase and she would stop.
She didn’t!
I confronted her, said that this was rude and that she hurts my feelings.  She then said this wasn’t meant to hurt my feelings, because she talked about other transgender people.
The next day, she outed me in front of the whole class. I was shocked.  But this wasn’t the end.
I asked her why she did this, and she just said that I’m a [insert insult for gay people] and everyone should know about my “dirty” little secret.


Coming to the actual part of the story:

Most of the people at my school were accepting and supportive, but I still didn’t forget about EK doing this to me!
(Outing me and telling bs about me!)
Well she told her mother, who is now seen as a transphobic piece of crap.

That day I was called into the headmasters office. This never happened to me, so I was just like “F***, what did I just do!”
Everyone was looking at me and I felt embarrassed.

I got into the office and there was EK’s mom. Screaming like the banshee she was. 
I couldn’t understand her but she might have said something about “that’s the [again, insult used for gays]! I want her banned from school!”

The headmaster was looking at me, I looked at him. And we probably had the exact same thought.

H then said: We won’t ban any student from this school just because of gender identity or sexuality. 

EP: But you need to ban her! (H corrected her: Him!)

EP: She (He)  is faking it to get attention and tries to get into the boys bathroom!

I was just like standing there watching EP screaming transphobic/stupid stuff and getting corrected by the headmaster. That was hilarious.

H: And if he would be faking it, it still wouldn’t be up to you, to say who can and can not be the person he wants to be.

She then got escorted out and (now it comes) was banned from this place.


EK was pissed because of it... but who cares.

Edit: Thanks for Gold and Silver by the way./nSo, this happened when I was about 16, and I'm not sure if it counts as an entitled parent, but I still laugh about this encounter with my friends.

I used to dye my hair a lot, and when I first dyed it, it was bright red. Anyway, I was on the bus to college, listening to music on my headphones. During a song transition, I look up and see EM (Entitled Mum) and EK (Embarrassed Kid) staring at me. I pause my music so I can listen to what they're saying, as they were quite clearly talking about me. The EM points at me and says "if you ever dye your hair like that, I'll disown you."

We were about 5 stops away from where I get off the bus, and being socially awkward, I didn't want to cause a scene, so I waited until the bus got to it's destination, and it turns out they were getting off at the same stop. I turned to EM before I went to get off the bus and said "if you're going to disown your child over the colour of their hair, you're not fit to be a parent." I then smiled at her kid, who looked really embarrassed at the whole ordeal and got of the bus, laughing to myself the entire walk to the college./nCROSS-POSTED ON r/TalesFromLGBT

A little backstory.

I'm a Woman of color that has known for a LONG time that I just found women more attractive, my parents swear they knew since I was in the first grade because I wanted to marry my female teacher. (I'm not sure if that counts but whatever)

Also this took place a year into dating my THEN GF (Now wife), and we knew it was rather serious, so we decided to invite each other for the holidays.

ME = duh

GF = Duh

RD = Reverend Dad aka the BEST HUMAN EVER!

A= One of my Gf's aunts

DOUCHIE-McGEE= RD's brother/GF's uncle (The Entitled one)

So GF's parents were SUPER supportive and extremely nice which took me COMPLETELY by surprise when she came out. RD is the head reverend at their local Protestant church, and I thought that since his dating is not only dating another girl but someone not Protestant even (This comes up later) that there would be chaos.

But I was super excited about having going to a Christmas party, I was worried about the occasional homophobic douche, but I figured "Her dad is a reverend. None would be stupid enough to raise a fit at HIS house about HIS daughter." (I was wrong... sooo VERY wrong.)

I had spent the entire morning taking out my more extreme lip, nose and ear piercings and trying to find a good 'festive' shirt to hide the multiple tattoos I have as well as having spent the last week re-dying my hair black, so I don't freak the family out for being an African-American woman with snake-bite lip piercings, a septum piercing, a bullring piercing, waaaaaaaay to many ear piercings and a nose stud AS WELL as having both arms covered in sleeves. I was determined to make the best impression on the extended family (Her folks knew about those and were totally fine with it, I just didn't want to come off as a gangsta or something like that).

I walk into the door and am greeted with a few weird looks as they don't know who I am, but they quickly figure it out when I see my GF looking absolutely stunning and just can't help but kiss her ... a bit TOOO deeply but I'm weak. She then swats my arm for making her come out that way to her family, while her mom and dad are just laughing at the scene before them as the rest of the family is just DUMBSTRUCK followed by the most awkward of silences.

Next thing I know almost everyone is congratulating her for being brave and the usual stuff, some kids are even like 'niiiiiiiice' and the day goes on as usual.

Most of them ask the usual questions How did you meet? When did you know? yada, yada, yada. Eventually it comes to dinner time and everyone is gathered around a massive table and there is another awkward silence as most extended family's eyes are on me. I'm feeling a bit confused as I'm not sure what is going on, before A say the following:

A: "Aren't you going to say grace for us, since you're hopefully going to be the newest member of the family."

Everyone laughs at this but I'm freaking out as ... I'm a wiccan, my family's main religion IS Wicca and I have no idea what in the name of the Mother Goddess 'GRACE' is. I'm a bit worried that when they find out that my GF is dating a 'witch' (not accurate I know but blame media), the proverbial shit would hit the fan.

RD: "I wasn't going to bring this up as I don't know how you all would react but um... (ME) is a Wicca and doesn't really do that, so I'll do it instead."

And that was it, seriously this man is a GOD-SEND to anyone that needs help when dealing with bigots and shit, he just talks to them normally like that, and they shut up... I swear it's his super-power.

During dinner, everyone is asking me questions about what it means to be Wiccan which I answer as I'm just that kind of nice, but I see Douchie-McGee get a bit of a disgusted look on his face. I know this look VERY well and I can tell the shit HAS hit the fan and is scattering to the four winds to cover the world. It's the look that people make when, in their warped mind, realize that Wicca=Witch.

I sigh heavily as Douchie-McGee stands up and starts to say EVERY! SINGLE! foul thing a person could say to a person of color (YES THAT WORD. I maybe black but I LOATHE that word with a fiery passion), a lesbian, a wiccan and just a human being in general. I could handle it but it wasn't until he started to say how I had turned GF into a 'Spawn of Satan' that he fucked up as she starts to cry. Now this is the part where RD becomes the BEST! HUMAN! BEING! ON! EARTH!

He stands up and slams his brother against the wall, lifting the man a good 2 feet off the ground and says he has 5 seconds from the time he finishes speaking to apologize for what he said, or he would be tossed out of the house.

All eyes are like "WTF!" but it gets way better from there as, I shit you not, Douchie-McGee spends the 5 seconds spewing hate from his mouth. After the time is up, the RD grabs Douchie-McGee by his belt loop and his collar and asks for ME to get the front door and then help him.

I do and I instantly realize what the fuck he is about to do and I whisper to GF to watch this.

I take my sweater off revealing a decent Metallica T-shirt on underneath, and reveal 6 of the reasons my GF LOOOOOOOOOVES watching me without a shirt on. I am rather well-built and very muscular as at the time, I was working in a custom motorcycle shop and was the person they got to lift a lot of the heavy shit around, so I'm VERY ripped. 6-PACK ABS level buff with massive guns.

I open the door and help DRUNK TOSS DOUCHIE-MCGEE OUT THE DOOR AND INTO THE SNOW... face first... without a jacket on or anything. He then yells that he is ONLY allowed to come back inside the house after he apologizes to me, GF, and the family for being rude at a Christmas party.

Everyone is just LAUGHING at the scene, INCLUDING HIS WIFE who is apologizing up and down for her husband's reaction... while laughing at him. He spends the next 3 minutes outside 'KAREN LEVEL DEMANDING' to be allowed the fuck back, before he FINALLY relents after 3 more minutes and apologizes to us PROFUSELY... while shivering. All while everyone is asking why I went to this extreme to look 'normal' and I answer that with =

Me: "I didn't want to scare you off as..." -Pulls out a picture of me from a week ago that I took with GF.- ".. this is how I normally look. I wanted to make the BEST possible impression with you all since I want this to last, as I can be a bit intimidating if I were to come in with full piercings, all tattoos showing and black, dark purple and blood-red dyed hair. Given how I look normally and my skin color, I am DISTINCTLY aware that I can come off as a gang-banger or something and I DID NOT want that to be your first impression with me. I did the same thing when I went over to help support her when she came out to her parents that she's Bisexual."

Everyone was like ... okay yeah that makes sense and can actually understand it from my perspective as while I'm generally nice and polite, I do NOT want to be a stereotype ... well aside from CLEARLY being the stereotypical butch as fuck lesbian.

It was a great first Christmas party and the wife got to spent Yule with my family the next week and LOVED it as my family is way more welcoming then you would believe and it's a Wicca thing to do no harm to others.

Edited to make sure it's grammatically accurate.

&#x200B;

Edit: EMPTY NIGHT this thing exploded overnight, also THANK you for the gold. Since I am seeing a lot of posts about GF, She's now my wife of 8 years.

Douchie-McGee was tossed out into 28**°F** or -2.222**°C** weather with snow, and NO JACKET at any kind.... only a t-shirt, a pair of jeans and a pair of heavy boots and no car keys. He currently is okay with me as, I SHIT YOU NOT, His next kid came out recently as bisexual and he knows that the family would beat his arse ... specifically me and wife if he was a homophobic piece of shit to his own Daughter. ALSO we helped out the girl with any questions she has about being bisexual and what not./nAs I mentioned in previous posts, I used to be a supervisor for public parks in charge of lifeguard staff and pool maintenance.

&#x200B;

In the very late 90's, maybe early 2k's an unusual situation happened at one of my outdoor pool and they ended up being short staffed with a huge camp on their way to swim.  Since I was in charge of numerous parks and pools, I call the one nearest to them and ask if they have an extra lifeguard to help out for the day.

PM1 : short staffed pool manager, PM2: kind pool manager that agrees to help, ET: Entitled Teen, EM: Entitled mother... with a twist.

&#x200B;

the first part happened mostly on the phone.

PM1: I know I called you this morning when (insert lifeguard's name) dislocated his shoulder during training, but now (insert other lifeguard's name) just twisted her ankle and has to go to the hospital.  I don't know what to do since we are already short staff and we have this 200+ people camp coming in in about 90 minutes. Do I call the camp to cancel ?

Me: No need to cancel the camp. I'll figure something out in the next 20-30 minutes, and if I don't, I'll come help myself. I am still a certified lifeguard though it has been years since I actually sat on the chair.  I will call you back.

&#x200B;

I decide to call PM2 since her facility is less than 2km away (1.5miles)

Me: Hello PM2, PM1 is in a bind and is really short staffed with a big camp expected to arrive in less than 90 minutes.  How are you doing staff-wise today.

PM2: Well, I had asked EK to come in since we were supposed to have a camp, but htey called this morning and cancelled.  He is still here, but I was about to send him home.

Me: Sweet.  Can I speak with him ?

&#x200B;

EK: Hello?

Me: Hi EK, I heard you were being sent home. If you want to be paid for more than 3 hours (union rule), we could use your help at PM1's pool.

EK: sure, but when do you need me there ?

Me: Your manager told me the schedule you had today.  You were coming in for a long shift, 7 hours, I only need you there for 5 hours. Since you are helping out, I'll pay for your full shift.  They need help in about 90 minutes, but the park is only 2km away. I can come pick you up if you need a ride.

EK: No problem I'll do it.  You said I would be paid 7 hours to work only 5 ?

Me: Yes, exactly.  since you have to switch facilities,  consider it a "thank you" gesture. You don't have to race to PM1's pool, but try to be there in 30-40 minutes so you have time to set up.

EK: I'm on my bicycle, so ill head over there myself, no need for a ride.  30 minutes is plenty. Thank you for the extra hours.

Me to PM2: Ok, so EK accepted to go help, Make sure you send me today's time card so I can correct it so he gets paid properly.  If anything happens, remember to call me

&#x200B;

Calling PM1

Me: I found EK to come help you out.  He is on his way and should be there  with at least 30 minutes to spare before that camp arrives.  If you need anything else or if something else happens, you know you can call me.

&#x200B;

I go back to my tasks, knowing everything will be ok. I plan on calling PM1 about 15 minutes after the planned arrival of the camp to see if they need more help, but other than that, I don't worry too much about the situation.

&#x200B;

Camp's ETA: 30 minutes

PM1 calls me

PM1: Are you sure EK is on his way.  We are setting up and we really need his help.  We wont be able to let the camp in without  him here and we didn't cancel.  I don't want to be yelled at.

Me: You won't get yelled at.  Let me make a couple phone calls.  I'll come back to you in 5 minutes with an update.

&#x200B;

Me, frantically calling PM2

Me: Hi, it's me again.  Did EK leave a long time ago, PM1 is getting very worried since they need help and he isn't there yet.

PM2: EK left about 1 hour ago, he should have been there by now.

Me: I hope nothing happened to him,  i will try to call him right away.

&#x200B;

EK doesn't return the call when I paged him (a pager is like a cell phone, but you cant speak or hear from it.  It tells you someone is calling, then you have to find a phone and call back) and their is no answer at their home.  I am now worried something happened.

&#x200B;

Calling PM1 again

Me: EK left more than an hour ago and isn't returning my page or answering his home phone.  I will be at your pool in 10 minutes, I'm nearby.  I have my shorts and lifeguard t-shirt, but I'll need to borrow a whistle.

PM1: Ok, Thank you for the info.  We will finish setting up and wait for you.

&#x200B;

I get to the pool, help them finish getting ready, try to get my lifeguarding staff to stop looking at me weirdly (it's the first time they see me with a staff t-shirt, shorts and sunglasses).

The camp arrives and we explain the rules, then they are off to enjoy their afternoon.

Everything goes pretty well.  PM1 really did need the extra person on duty and the day is pretty rough, but manageable.

&#x200B;

About 2 hours after the camp arrived, EK finally shows up to the pool.  I tell him I'll have a word with him when things calm down and to get on rotation (lifeguards would switch stations every so often and we called it rotation).  We now have a bit more breathing room.

One hour later, the camp leaves and the pool is now almost empty.  PM1 sends someone to replace me, I change back to my regular clothes, then I have someone go replace EK and I have a word with him.

&#x200B;

Me: Just so you know, you are at least suspended for a few days.  I have to go verify the exact procedure since this never happened to me before.  Unless you have a damned good explanation for taking 3 hours to move 2km.

EK: Well you said I would be paid for my full shift,  since I worked 1 hour at the other pool and you said you would pay me 7 hours for my 5 hour shift, I figured I had 3 hours paid free time and I just took a long lunch break.

Me: Wait.  What?  You told me 30 minutes was plenty to get here when I spoke to you on the phone.  I never said you could decide how to arrange your schedule. Plus, you never called back when I paged you, or answer your home phone.

EK: Oh, I wasn't home.  I saw your page, but didn't want to go to work right away and knew it was what you would ask me.  I was with my friends at the arcade.

Me: Ok, I need time to process all this and I am angry right now.  I don't want to yell and I don't want to take the wrong decision.  Tomorrow morning, 7:29 (I always gave that time.  It's unusual so people are usually on time), my office.  Here is your union rep's number.

&#x200B;

The next morning, I get to my office and at 7:45, EK arrives with OPM (over-protective mother - turns out she is also the union rep)

Me: Well EK, I didn't expect you to be late this morning after what happened yesterday, but you are here now.  I need to hear in details everything that happened yesterday from the moment I spoke to you on the phone at (insert pool's name) to the moment I left (insert other pool's name).  Because from what I remember you told me, there could be consequences, but I was angry, so I'm not 100% sure I understood everything.

Ek starts telling his side of the story. He doesn't go in a lot of details concerning what happened after the camp left though.

OPM: See EK got confused because you weren't clear with your instructions.  He didn't know he had to go the the other facility right away.

Me: I understand where you stand, but I have to tell you what I did before you decide to blame me.

OPM: there is no need for your side of the story.  EK is a good boy.  His explanations are credible.  The union will have his back.  The worst you can do is not pay him for those 3 hours.

Me: I don't know if you represent the union at this time, or if you are being a protective mother, but..

OPM: HOW DARE YOU! You will not question my professionalism.  You gave my little EK (he was 18) my office number.  He called me at the office. I am only here as the union rep to make sure YOU don't abuse your power and that the consequence he faces isn't harsher than it merits.

Me: I understand your frustration.  But please allow me.

Getting out my log book from the previous day (I took detailed notes for every phone call I made or received from or to my employees or facilities)

Me: Now this is incomplete since I had to leave in a hurry to help out at pool "x" where I was expecting EK to be.

I then tell OPM about all the conversations with both pool managers and with EK.  I explain the arrangement for the pay that was agreed on, the measure with the time card I had taken. (The time card is on my desk, which is unusual since they usually go directly to the pay department)  I can see doubt starting to form in EM's eyes.

&#x200B;

Then I start explaining what happened at the pool while the camp left and about EK not answering after I paged him and not wanting to come to work right away.  About going to the arcade while on the clock.

&#x200B;

Doubt is now anger.  I am sure OPM is going to snap and I'm going to die.

She doesn't say a word, grabs the phone from my desk and calls someone.

EM: Hi, sorry to wake you up this early. Is (insert one of EK's friends name) there.  No go wake him up.  I HAVE to talk to him.  (Friend's name), did you go to the arcade with EK yesterday.  I see. You can go back to sleep now.

&#x200B;

OPM, still with rage in her eyes, but not looking or speaking to me, turns to EK

OPM: So you went to the arcade with X, Y and, Z.  So you all thought it was funny that you were there and being paid.  So you were planing on saying you went to the wrong park and that is why it took so long.  You had a blast and it was funny, WAS IT.  You did the same thing when you quit school and didn't tell us last winter.  Oh, It's fun to live off the money we sent you to pay for school when you weren't IN school.  OH! you swore you had learned your lesson and would NEVER pull a stunt like that again.  Oh! It's fun to be paid while doing stuff you aren't supposed to do.  Get your (choice words and synonyms of buttocks) back home this instant.  The "Union" will deal with your boss.  I'll be home in about 30 minutes.  Its a 40 min walk from here, you had better be there when I get home.  No, I won't give you a ride.  Leave.  NOW,

&#x200B;

OPM to me, after EK left and close the door: Fire him.

Me, in a state of shock: Well the recommendation is 2 weeks suspension for this, this and that.  I don't have to fir...

OPM: Fire him, he doesn't deserve the job.

Me: But when he works, he does a pretty good job, I can show you his evaluation reports.  He just has to lear...

OPM Fire him.  I'll write in my report that he lied to the union rep and tried to cover up that he stole time.  Fire him.

Me, happy I get to fire him, but not under those circumstances (also terrified at the metamorphosis EM went through in front of my eyes in 2-3 minutes): Ok I'll start preparing the forms and I'll sent them to the union.  He should get his severance pay in...

OPM: He doesn't deserve it.  I say he stole time.  Its a crime. That voids any benefits, severance pay, or unpaid time he had left.  He is gone.

She stands up,  apologizes for EK's behavior and leaves.

&#x200B;

I'm am not one to be speechless or startled easily.  My job didn't allow me to just blankly stare as a situation unfolded.  But I just sat in my chair, looking at the door for what seemed like hours.  I was in shock.

&#x200B;

i am in Canada,  we don't have hyper strict military schools of forced enrollment in the army.  I don't know what happened to EK.  I don't even know if he survived that day.  But that was the scariest moment I ever faced in my career.

&#x200B;

Edit: I got a recommendation to chage EM to OPM - overprotective mother.  Ty for the suggestion MattyNJ31

&#x200B;/ntl;dr at the bottom.

Cast:

EM: Enraged Monster.

EK : Elephant Killer

S: my sister.

SF : my sister's friend.

ME: This dumb fuck writing this post instead of doing something useful in his life.

so this happened a few months ago; I went to the park with my sister and her friend, to watch them over while they play. I brought my new laptop to the park to work, so I won't waste my time there. after about 15 - 20 minutes EK and SF started punching and choking each other. I separated them, and EK just screamed he will bring his Mom here and she would kill me. I said "okay, sure", and returned to work after I checked if SF is okay.

about 10 minutes later, he came back with his mom, and the conversation went something like this:

EM: "WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO MY CHILD YOU FUCKING ASSHOLE?????"

ME: "uuhh, nothing? this kid (points at SF) almost killed YOUR kid. So I separated them."

EM: "I don't give a shit, yOu Hit mY ChIld, go suck a dick you piece of shit!"

ME: "Wait, I wan't to understand something, are you his mom, or his sister, or what?"

EM: "I'm his mom you idiot, why do you want to know?"

ME: "Cause you're talking like a fucking 16 year old kid"

EM: "Fuck you, go suck a dick, go fuck yourself!"

ME: "Wow, real good example for your child"

EM: "DoN't TelL Me hOw TO raIsE mY cHIld!!"

ME: "Fine then, so are you leaving me alone?"

EM: "No, I'm not! I'm calling the police" *starts faking a call, then stops for a second and tells me* I can forgive you for everything, if you give me that (points at my laptop).

ME: "No, that's a $1000 laptop, I worked hard for that thing and I'm not gonna let y-  "

"EM: *cuts me off* "Shut up! EK, do you want that laptop?"

EK: "Yeah, I want that!"

EM: "Good.(turns to me) now give me your laptop!".

ME: "No, not gonna happen."

EM: "I will call the police and get you to jail!"

ME: "go ahead, I'm waiting."

EM is faking a call again, and my sister joins in:

S: "I wanna go home!"

ME: "Okay, SF, do you want to go to?"

SF: yeah, I guess, let's go."

EM: "You're not going anywhere! I will get my husband!"

ME: "Nah, I think we'll go."

She then sends EK to get his dad, while she makes sure we don't go away, and I call my Dad and tell him to come cause I can't deal with that bitch by myself.Now we have two new characters in our story:

ED: entitled Dad, D: my Dad.

ED: "What the fuck do you think you're doing?"

ME: "I already explained everything to that stupid woman you call a wife"

EM: "ExCusE m-"

Now I cut her off, and say: "also, she just screamed at me to go fuck myself and to suck a dick, so I can sue YOU for violence against a minor, so if YOU don't wanna get into jail, leave me and my sister the fuck alone!"

ED is about to slap me and I say: "That ALSO counts as violence against a minor, and I advise you not to do that."

That delayed him enough for my Dad to arrive and see what happens.

D: "what the fuck are you doing??"

EM: "Your child jus-"

D: "Shut up. I'm not that nice to people that hurt my kids. I WON'T get you to jail, I will destroy your face with a rock if you even dare to touch my kid. Understood?"

ED: "You can't talk to us like th-"

D: "Hell yes I can, and you better leave my kids alone, and if I hear that this little shit (points at EK) gets close to my son and daughter, this will be your last day of freedom."

EM, EK and ED shut up and leave the place. We then went home with a good story to tell.

tl;dr : tried to help a kid, got demanded that I give them my laptop instead, then my Dad joins in and shuts their mouths in the coolest way.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Edits: fixing typos.

Edit 3: Thank you so much for the gold award!!/nSo yeah, here’s another story from Korea. I am not purposely bashing on my Country of Origin; It’s just that these type of stories happen to come from Korea.

It is well known China, Korea, Japan, and other Asian countries holds a high regard for one’s education. Attending high-tier universities is minimal, and anyone who stopped after middle/high school is considered uncultured, stupid, or other nasty names. This means brutal study schedules, learning subjects that are beyond comprehension for the age (Learning calc in middle school), and trying to decide which college to get in……  during Elementary! Now, most parents pushes their children for better future, to have them live a life they couldn’t, or to have them live in comfort for the rest of their children’s lives. But sometimes, they push children because they must continue the legacy of high-income family, or to have them has “trophy children”, as in their children’s accomplishment is for their fame and satisfy their ego.

Now, in Korea every HS exams are unified, meaning everyone takes same exam suited for their year. So All freshmen takes same Math exam, science exam, English, etc and same for juniors and seniors. The grade is made public, so parents and students can see everyone from 1st place to last. This adds unnecessary competition, especially from parents.

Our story is about one of the crazy parents. There was a mom of a teenage boy who pretty much  tried to shape his son into her vision of “Perfection". Her husband hasn’t been home for years after getting the family into a huge debt after stupidly falling for investment fraud. At first, EM pushed her son so he can have better future. However, as time went on, she became obsessed with her son’s success, treating as her own.

Her son wasn’t allowed to listen to music, play games, or participate in any sports because in her mind they were “Holding him back” This caused her son to become a loner and subject of being bullied. The son was to report everything he was doing and where he was. After school, the was forced to spend hours at tutoring center, longer than any other high school students, come home around 12 am each night, study MORE around 3, go to sleep and wake up at 6.

Now, the son was a HS senior, and during mid-term he managed to land 10th place….. Out of 300+ students. Which is an amazing accomplishment. But the EM wasn’t having any of that. “Why is is so low?”, “Are you TRYING to disappoint me?”, “I told to do better. WHAT WERE YOU DOING this whole time?!” This put immense pressure and stress on the poor kid. He was now pretty much surveillance 24/7 by EM, and EM even cut off all forms of communications from family and little amount of friends the kid had.

After month or two, it is time for final exams. This time, he lands 3rd place. "Surely, this would make EM happy!", the kid thought. What he got from EM was "You call this an accomplishment?", "There's nothing to be proud of", “How will I face my family now? You are an embarrassment”,  “You have to take care of me after University and when I get old, not the other way around”, “You know my friend is bragging about her son being in 1st place. Why can’t I have a son like her?”

The kid had enough. He had no self-esteem, no goals in life, and no ambitions for anything other than pleasing EM. He was now down to 2 hours of sleep. On the day of Korea’s version of SAT, EM all of a sudden was nice to her son, treating him with huge breakfast. “I believe in you, son!”. The son looked at her in disbelief, anger, and sadness.

Few days later, he was found dead by hanging himself in his room. Taped to his body was a reports of his score, a perfect score that would’ve gotten him any universities he chose, with a note that simply said “Mom, are you happy now?”

EM was shamed by the public, her family disowned her for pushing their nephew/grandson to that point, and her husband returned to see his son dead and gave her a well-deserved slap across the face, saying “I may have failed as husband and father, but at least I didn’t led him to suicide! He was a kind and gentle soul who yearned to be an artist, but you yelled at him because ‘it wasn’t profitable’ “.

She was later prosecuted for child abuse, criminal negligent, and assisted suicide. The Court ruled out she wouldn’t be going to prison but would get 4 months of house arrest and life-long monitored probation. The court stated “Her punishment will be the guilty conscience of what she did to her son. She is not allowed to kill herself to take the coward's way out, and will live in torment. She isn’t allowed to go into hiding, and must check in at specified police station every other day.”

TL;DR

Mom pushes son to be the best in school grades, and mental scarring causes him to commit suicide

EDIT:

So If you want more stories from Korea here they are

\#1 My experience [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/aur06q/so\_what\_if\_my\_son\_almost\_blinded\_your\_daugther/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/aur06q/so_what_if_my_son_almost_blinded_your_daugther/)

\#2 The story that was on Korean media: [https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/axd0de/em\_tries\_to\_steal\_her\_husbands\_life\_insurance/](https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/axd0de/em_tries_to_steal_her_husbands_life_insurance/)

EDIT 2:

So just in case any one's wondering, no, this obviously isn't the same EM from the previous stories. I did not know the family, but this type of stories are quite common in Korea and I picked one of the more tragic ones. For those of you wondering about EM not being allowed to kill herself, they meant that she'll be house surveillance and someone had to follow around her so she doesn't to anything stupid. Lastly, my parents were very lenient when it came to education even when we lived in Korea, and both me and my sister were able to escape such competitive nature by coming to US 

EDIT 3:

Thanks for the gold, although i am not sure if this story deserves gold. Hell i feel i am taking advantage of the story. This story happened in South Korea in case anyone was wondering. Also, public shaming in Korea doesn't end with nasty comments on YouTube or news articles; As they walk out of police station or court, the cameras doesn't give them a room to hide their face and people will be yelling at you or throwing shit at you./nAnother tale from my Quality Control management job with a Korean car manufacturer .

Cast: joe- the entitled parent, Jim- quality control tech, me- deafscholar


I was in the office when I got a call from Jim letting me know he would need help dealing with Joe. I grab his file and do a quick flip through before going to deal with him and decided to bring it with me which is important.

As I walk up Jim is filing out a write up for Joe for producing unusable parts and give it to joe.

Jim: Joe I'm going to have to write you up you made 30 parts that are going to the scrap bin and didnt get maintenance or QC involved 

Joe: I cant help that the machine is messed up I dont have to sign that

A bit of argument goes on between them while I stand off to the side filling out my own paperwork and watching the whole situation. 

Me: Joe you are absolutely right you dont have to sign that paper

Jim looked at me confused and Joe got a satisfied look on his face for all of 5 seconds

Me: you are going to need to sign this one though 

Joe: but that's a termination paper

Me: yes it is

Joe: you cant fire me

Me: as a member of management I have all the authority I need to fire you

Joe: you have no reason to fire me

I hold up his file

Me: according to the information in this file you have been consistantly late, have 6 write ups for producing unusable parts, and a no call no show last week so yes I do

Joe: but without this job I'll lose my house and wont be able to feed my kids, am i supposed to tell them that you want them to starve?

Me: 2 things 1)bot my kids not my problem 2) we are choosing to terminate your employment please sign on the line provided and remove yourself from the building or the police will be called.

He argued with me until I pulled out my phone and started dialing he sign the paper and left

Sadly I heard at least 10 other people try to use their kids as a way to keep their jobs, if you are so worried about feeding your kids do you job that is all/nThis happened a few weeks ago so it's still fresh in my mind. Em= entitled mother ek= entitled kid nm= nice man and Me: ill give you £5 if you guess who this is.

I was on public transport (which I hate alot as there's usually ass holes on busses) as my car was  due for its MOT. I was going to a friend's house to hang out and play magic the gathering( my favourite card game) and had my bag with piles and piles of pills to help clear mucus from my lungs.

I was playing on my phone and then I heard crunching and then a big eeeeewwwwww! I looked behind me and I saw an half empty pack of pills in his hands and took them off him. The brat started crying and the mum tapped me on my shoulder hard.

The following conversation.

" excuse me, my son was eating those sweets"

" sorry, these are not sweets, there-"

"oh don't be stupid, if they weren't sweets why are they colourful then."

I told her it was for my cystic fibrosis, but she just started getting pissed off. " give them back, you probably don't even have it and your just a drug addict" this caught the attention of a man next to me and the man asked what was the problem and the mother said that I stole her sons pills and the man asked if it was true and I said no. Thankfully the man settled the argument and the woman gave up as I had a big bulky man on my side so in my head I was laughing/nContext:

This happened at my local conveyor belt sushi place. For those of you uninitiated, at this type of restaurants sushi are served on small colored plates (usually two pieces per plate), then they are placed on a conveyor belt. You grab as much plate as you want, then later combine total price. The fancier the sushi, the more expensive it gets. So somethings like sashimis and nigiri are around $1.00 while rolls and temaki go up to $3.00

&#x200B;

Cast:

C: The cashier/front lady

W: The waitress

EM: Entitled mole

K: EM’s not-so-entitled son

Me: Man from Mars

&#x200B;

Story:

Yesterday, I was at the sushi place for lunch. And this place was one of the local hotspots, so the place was packed. C told me there would be 15 min wait, which was fine with me. In comes in EM and K, and while C was temporarily not at the front at that moment, EM just looks around the place, and sits down on a seat that hasn’t been bussed down. Now some sushi places actually let you do this when things are quiet and if the tables are cleaned up. C comes back and as I tell her about EM and K, EM shouts the following

EM: HELLO?! CAN WE GET SOME GODDAMN SERVICE OVER HERE?!

I instantly knew EM was one of those Karens; obnoxious loud voice, “Can I speak to your manager” hair, heavy makeups, etc. C approaches them

C: Hello! Welcome to (sushi joint name). Did you check in at the front?

EM: No. Why should we? Other places let us just walk in and pick our seats.

C: Ma’am, under normal circumstances, we would let you do so. But as you can see, the place is quite busy right now so you’ll need to wait to be seated.

EM: Ugh! You guys seriously need to keep this place clean!

C: That’s why you need to wait to be seated; So we can clean up the seats

EM: Fine. How long is the wait?

C: About 15 min

EM: WHAT?! THAT’S INSANE!

C: Ma’am you can either wait or find other places to go for lunch

EM: Okay fine. We’ll wait

K: But mom… I said I don’t want to have sushi for lunch. Can we go somewhere less busy?

EM: Shut it. Be grateful and wait.

&#x200B;

So EM and K return to the front and waits behind me, when W comes over to me to give me a seat. EM didn’t like that

EM: What the hell? Why does he get a seat immediately?

W: Because he’s been waiting 15 min like a proper gentleman

Me: I’m flattered

EM: Honestly, how long does it take you lazy asses to clean a single table?

W: (Getting annoyed) Ma’am, in case you haven’t noticed, there are 30 other seats that need to be cleaned every time someone uses it.  We clean them down in an order they are emptied. So please be more patient.

EM grumbles and goes back to waiting, while I am assigned to a stool that was really close to the seats that EM and K were trying to seat. In my mind, I was repeating “Please don’t let them there”. But alas, W leads them back to now cleaned table and seats. I am just trying to enjoy my meal, while EM, again with her loud obnoxious voice, orders a large sake (Role model of the year), while K quietly orders water.

They start eating, and I guess EM was never taught a proper table manners and etiquette, because she was eating like a slob. She was chewing with her mouth open, created a giant pool for soy sauce and wasabi and practically drowned the sushi in there, grabs multiple plates from the belt at once instead of one at a time, making disgusting swallowing and chewing noises, played with some sushi until they turned into a paste, downed them with large gulps of the sake. She was acting like the restaurant was her room. Also, you could have the sushi made-to-order from the chefs on the other side of the conveyor belt which costs extra, and this EM ordered like 10 plates. Her son had this embarrassed look on this face, and he only grabbed a few of the cheaper sushi. EM was getting looks, but she was in a state of not giving a fuck.

Just seeing her made me lose appetite, and I ended up eating around $10 worth instead of the regular $15-20. As I sat around to make sure things were settling in my stomach, EM orders a check. W comes back with her check. And EM throws another tantrum

EM: WHAT? $80 for two people?

W: Ma’am, the cost mostly came from you, and you grabbed some expensive sushi

EM: What do you mean?! Your sushi can’t cost that much!

W: (explains how colored plates work, which is also CLEARY displayed on a wall)

EM: But that’s not fair! How was I supposed to know

W: Ma’am, you also ordered a large import sake which is costly, and a large amount of made-to-order sushi, which the prices are clearly labeled on our mini-menus

EM: This is bullshit! You guys are obviously scamming people!

K: Mom, can we go?

EM: Not now, this is something I am not going to let go

K: Oh come on! Just pay the food and let’s get out of here

EM: Are you saying you would see your mother made into some cheap joke?!

K: No, I am saying if you don’t pay for the food and we go right now, I swear to god I am going ask dad if we can reconsider my weekly visit to you AGAIN

&#x200B;

EM goes pale at the word “reconsider”, and promptly paid for the food. After EM left, I leaned in to see the receipt, only to see blank on the tips for W. I felt really sorry for W, so when it was my turn to pay for the food, I gave her $10 in cash for tips. I have been there dealing with rude customers in the food industry, and this was least I could do to make her feel better./nM= Me
EB= entitled brat
EM= entitled mum

Ok, this happened just before Christmas 2018. I had baby in first week of December. When bub was around 2 weeks old, I had to go to shops to buy groceries and finish up buying last few things for Christmas.
Was sitting in food court feeding bub and having a drink myself when this 4-5 year old girl, holding a doll comes up squealing 'BABY' and tries to lift breastfeeding cover I've got on.
M- Just wait a moment. I'm trying to feed her
EB- can I have a hold?
M- No, she's only very little and needs her head and neck supported

All of a sudden, cute little girl becomes a screaming banshee, whailing at the top of her lungs 'I want the baby!' She then threw her doll on the floor and started stomping on its head while screaming

EM- what did you do to make my baby girl so upset??!
M- I will not let her hold my daughter. She is eating and she is only little
EM- let her hold her!!! She's been wanting a sibling and I haven't been able to give her one! She's so gentle and just loves babies!!
M- *Looks pointingly at doll* Really???!!!
EM- just give her the f***en baby. Geez, some of you first time mums are so bloody precious. *tries to pull baby away from me*
M- Touch my baby again and you will be spending Christmas in hospital.

EM walks off with little brat screaming, mumbling about mums who don't share.

/nThis is my second post ever and I'm also on mobile with a black spot on my phone that covers half the keyboard so I'm sorry for any typos.

Also I posted this to the subreddit r/entitledpeople cause I wasn't sure whether to post it here or there, so I did both 😂  Enjoy the story

Hey so I want to clarify the entitled cop was a parent, thats why I also posted it here. As a parent he should've known not to ask that.

Some context: My brother has angelman syndrome which is a form of ASD. He can't speak and needs someone to constantly be watching him and taking care of him

So this isn't my story. Its my moms from a while ago and since I'm new here I thought it'd be fun to share.

The cast EC: Entitled cop, Mom: My amazing mother Mike: brother with autism B:Other brother who was watching Mike. PC: Amazing police chief

Flashback to 10 years ago at a Walmart in a small city in Ohio. My moms old minivan ( R.I.P Jesus van) was parked out front in the handicap spot due to my brothers disability so that if needed my mom could run out to the care and help him. Now my mom had been working in the PICU and ICU for about 15 years and knew her stuff so she knew what to do if my brother had a seizure or something like that(luckily that didn't happen). My mom went into the store to go grocery shopping while Mike and B sat in the car. It was extremely hot that day so B left the car to get a soda out of one of the machines near the front. He came back to the car and here comes EC. 
Apparently EC had been watching my mom and B leave the car and walk towards the store perfectly fine and jumped to conclusions. 
My mom took the stereotypical long time most moms takes at the grocery store but finally came out after a while. Now remember EC waited the ENTIRE TIME my mom was in there just to try to prove himself right.
Enter my mom, loading groceries into the back of the van minding her own business.

*EC walks over*

EC: You and your son seem to be walking fine, he says annoyed.

My moms already confused at this point

Mom: Thank you?

EC: Why do you have that handicap plaque if you arnt disabled? Do you think its okay to depreive someone of that spot?

So my mom realized the mistake he made and got annoyed at his instant assumption. I'll also add that my mom is extremely strong when it comes to standing up for the ones she loves and won't take anyone's crap.

Mom: did you happen to notice anyone else in the car? She says as she points to Mike

Angelman syndrome is also reffered to as happy puppet syndrome because those that have it get extremely excited and wave their hands around like puppets when excited.
Mike got really excited to see my mom and started waving his hands and giggling.

Now if the officer apologized at this point and admitted his mistake this would have been a normal story but he had to open his mouth and ask the most regrettable question he'll ever have the pleasure of asking.

EC: What's wrong with your kid? He asked as if in disgust.

My mom nearly blew up being so defensive over Mike and nearly murdering anyone who disrespects those with autism.

This question is followed by a lot of screaming at the officer and ending somewhat like this.

Mom: I WANT YOUR BADGE NUMBER, YOUR NAME, AND THE NUMBER OF YOUR CHIEF

EC REFUSES and realized the attention my mom is drawing.

This man gets in his car and speeds off only to have my mom hop in the van and chase after him. 

She followed him back to the station and went inside and asked for the chief. My mom wasn't yelling at the workers like most entitled moms would because she knew it wasn't their fault. She was very kind in asking and in comes PC. 

My mom explains what happened and tells PC that its outrageous that EC said what he said.
PC agreed and it turned out PC had a neice with Angelman syndrome!

EC was forced to listen to  a seminar about autism and respecting others along with writing an apology to my mom and getting some privilages revoked.

As my mom always says, " youre one slip in the shower from someone wiping your ass for you"

Hope you enjoyed and I'd be happy to answer any questions🙂



/nI’m German so I apologize for misspelling some words or for bad grammar.   


Cast: EM: entitled mom, EK: entitled kid, M: my mom, T: teacher, ME: me, F:Friends


Background: so this happened 10 years ago when I was in elementary school, but I still remember the story. 
It was January and also my birthday. But unfortunately I got sick and couldn’t celebrate. Because of that we moved my birthday on the 25th February. And here comes EK. 
So EK’s birthday is at the beginning of February, so she already had her birthday party, but wanted to crash mine. I told my friends in elementary school that I was having my birthday party next week, and invited them, except EK. And so it all started. 

I was on my way back home from school with others and EK and her mother appeared.

EK: WHY DIDN’T YOU INVITE ME!

ME: well, we’re not friends. 

EM: how dare you talking to my child like that?! And also, she invited you to her birthday and you didn’t come! 

ME: I was ill, by the way. 

EM: We know that you’re sick! You’re a bad influence for my daughter and you’re toxic! 

I was six years old so this really hit me and you now how children are. I started crying. And my friends defended me. 

F: Stop being so rude, you’re the only one being toxic and a bad influence. And it’s good that you’re not invited! 

EK screams: SHE’S HAVING A BIRTHDAY PARTY WITHOUT ME, WHEN I WANT TO CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY ON THE SAME DAY! SHE’S BEING RUDE, SHE’S HAVING A PARTY ON MY BIRTHDAY! SHE STEALS MY FRIENDS! 

EM yells at me: HOW DARE YOU! I HOPE NONE OF YOUR FRIEND WILL COME TO YOUR BIRTHDAY. 

The arguing caught the neighbors attention and scare EM, the following week I had my birthday party and I thought it was all over. How wrong I was. 

A week later: 

EM rings out doorbell...
My mom opens. 

EM: YOU’RE CHILD HIT MY PRECIOUS ANGEL IN THE FACE. 

M: WTF?! When?

EM: YOU’RE FUCKING BRAT HIT MY CHILD IN SCHOOL, DIDN’T I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR!!!

M: My child wouldn’t do something like this. 

ME standing behind my mother.
(My mom was right, I didn’t do anything but now I wanted to punch EK) 

EM: THERE SHE IS... (steps towards me in attempt to slap me) 
My mom pushed her away. 

M: That’s enough of that!

EM: DID YOU JUST PUSH ME! WE WILL SUE YOU AND YOUR CHILD FOR THAT. YOU WANTED TO MURDER ME! AND YOU’RE DAUGHTER ALREADY WANTED TO HURT MY LITTLE ANGEL. 

We somehow managed to throw her out of our house. But I dunno how we did. 
Since we knew that she claimed I hit EK in her face IN SCHOOL (actually in class) a teacher must have noticed it. 

So we asked our teacher. EK and EM were also there. 

EM: THIS LITTLE PIECE OF SHIT HIT MY DAUGHTER! 

T: That’s not possible. You’ve said it happened in class, so I must have noticed it. 

EM insulting my our teacher: YOU’RE WEARING GLASSES, SO MAYBE YOU DIDN’T SEE IT. 

Teacher isn’t listening to her any more and asks us what really happened. 

ME: EK always hits and kicks me under the table. I’ve got bruises everywhere on my legs and I didn’t do anything. 

(By the way, in class EK sat right next to me)

EM: NO THAT’S NOT TRUE! SHE’S LYING!

T: she said she has bruises. So if you’re right she shouldn’t have them. 

I showed them the big blue bruises on my legs where EK kicked me and exposed that the ‘I hit EK in the face- thing’ was all a lie. 

We couldn’t sue them either but at least it all stopped. 

Fun fact: EK ran against a glass door and hit her face. It wasn’t me!/nEp = entitled parent
Me = me

I was walking into my local clinic to get my son vaccinated. I opened the glass door to the building when i feel a tap on my shoulder. Enter Ep

Ep: "So your abortion failed?"

Me (thunderstruck by rudeness): "excuse me?"

Ep: "well i can tell you're going in to get him vaccinated which can only mean that you want him to die."

Me: "what i do with my children is my own buissness. Now please get out of the door"
(By now she had walked in front of the door and was blocking it)

Ep: "No. I refuse to stand here while you murder your child!"
*Starts typing a phone number into her phone*

Me: "listen, your beliefs aren't my problem and i would rather my child get vaccinated then have the chance of him getting an illness. Please get out of my way." 

Ep: *backing away from the door*
"You're lucky that i have to go home to my daughter who will live her life unlike your son!"

I went in and got my son vaccinated and i saw her waiting for me outside even though she said she had to go home. She scoffed at me as I put my son into my car. After that i got in and drove away.


TLDR: crazy anti-vaxxer stops me from getting my son vaccinated and calls me a child killer before leaving./nBasic stuff, mobile, English is my first language ect.

So this happened a couple weeks ago... this kid and his mother came into the cinema I work in.
We get a few EP's now and again, but this one was when I was put in charge as manager for that shift (I'm assistant manager, and the actual manager wasn't in for the day)

It was late at night, about 10:45. And we have a policy that if the film goes past midnight, we won't be able to let anyone under 18 in. We make this clear on our website, and there are signs at the entrance.

Cast:

Me : a pink fluffy unicorn.
EM : evil wench
Ik : Innocent kid


So EM and IK come in and walk over to the counter where I'm working.

EM : Two tickets to Spider-Man please.

Me : ok sure, -to IK- can I see your ID please?

Ik : why?

Me : because we can't allow anyone under 18 to see this film, as it runs past midnight. It does say this on the door, as you walk in.

Ik : oh ok fair enough, -turns to EM- we can just come back tomorrow.

EM : NO, YOU ARE OVER 18 (the kid was about 14) AND WE ARE GOING TO WATCH THIS MOVIE. AND NOW WE ARE GOING TO WATCH IT FOR FREE BECAUSE YOU ARE A TERRIBLE PERSON (she didn't even say employee, she said person)

Me : Ma'am, I don't make the rules here but like your son just said, you are always welcome to come back tomorrow.

EM : No, get your manager!

Ik: Mum, let's just go.

Me : (with a huge smirk on my face) sure, I'll get him.

-I walk into the room behind the counter (It's where we keep the popcorn)-

Me: hey man (pretending to talk to a person) someone wants to talk with you.

-I walk back out, still smirking-

Me : (in the most fake enthusiastic voice I can muster) Hi, I'm the manager, how may I help you.

Ik starts laughing.

Em: hmph, lets go.

She then left and I carried on doing my job.


The next day, I found she went back in the morning, and watched the film then, however she was banned after being found with a camera in the screening. Recording the film.

Sorry it wasn't as entertaining as others.

Edit: Spelling mistakes


Please Note: **There has been alot of people assuming that the 18+ only rule applies to the film in general, IT DOESN'T. The rule itself is that "anyone under the age of 18 will not be allowed into the establishment after midnight, this also includes films that end after midnight." 

I don't know why this rule is a thing, I'm only doing my job by enforcing it.**

TD;LR - EM tries to take kid into a movie which only allows 18+, calls for manager, doesn't know that I am the manager./nTL;DR: title!(:

Oh wow look at that, a part two. Same EM, for the ones who read my previous post. 

To clear up some confusion, the daughter is legally blind, but she can see shadows and such. So no, I don’t know why she dyed her hair when she can’t see the color lmao, but whatever. 

A lot of people are wondering why I didn’t lock the door on my previous post, and that’s because I lived on a military base and it was daytime. I had also just came inside to cook something to eat, so naturally I left the main door open. We don’t usually lock our screen doors, since they don’t have a key. (: 

If you’d like to read my previous post, here’s the link (https://www.reddit.com/r/entitledparents/comments/c4ywwn/em_comes_into_my_house_and_tries_to_convince_my/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=ios_app)

This is also not to offend anyone who practice Satanism, people of dyed hair, people who have piercings, or blind people. Just remember these are EM’s words not mine.

Anyways, onward with the story!


**Meet the cast**:

EM: crazy neighbor

Me: OP

OS: older sister (NEW!)

ED: crazy daughter (NEW!)

EM #2: another crazy neighbor (NEW!)

NBO: nice base officer (NEW!)

 
**Story**:

This story occurred a month or two after the first one I posted, so let’s dive right in shall we?

It’s a clear, beautiful night and I’m with a group of friends at this park behind my house (if you lived/live in military housing, there’s parks everywhere, but there’s always that one specific park). We’re all just having a good time, running around, being rambunctious children. We then decide to play hide and go seek. The limits were from one end of the street to the other, and we can go behind houses but not into the forests (sounds like a lot of area to hide but it truly wasn’t lol). I made it clear to stay a few feet away from people’s backyards even if they’re gated, especially stay far away from EM’s backyard. My friends knew the history between us, and if anything bad happened I’d get the consequences. 

After making it VERY clear, I said I’ll go first to seek. Give them a minute, ya know, and went on my way to find them. 

About ten minutes later I have found everyone, OS being the last one I found. We’re all walking back to the park when I hear a freaking banshee scream from behind me. 

EM: OP! GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE!!

OS, *whispering*: You really don’t have to go. She’s batshit crazy, there’s no point.

EM: IF YOU DON’T COME HERE I’LL GO THERE! AND ONLY YOU, OS BETTER STAY RIGHT THERE!

I roll my eyes and approach her anyways, so she’d stop yelling at me. OS trailed behind me also, but EM didn’t say anything. 

Me, *very casually to piss her off*: Heyyy what’s up EM? Your wine bottle empty is that why you’re picking on me?

EM: YOU LITTLE SHIT! You’re lucky it’s ME talking to you not the COPS after what you threw in my yard!

Me: Oh man, so lucky. What did I throw into your yard even though I’m sure you saw me walking around the street playing hide and seek? 

Reminder that she sits on her porch and drinks wine and gossips with the other moms on the street. 

And yes, they’re all fucking EMs.

EM: Yeah I did see you but then you disappeared for four minutes! I counted! And that’s when I know you threw damn ROCKS into my yard!! 

Me, *unable to contain my laughter*: D-did you say rocks?

EM: STOP LAUGHING! My daughter saw you! ED!

And out came her perfect girl. Bleh. 

EM: You said you saw OP?

ED: Yes mommy. (She’s my age at the time, 13, and I found it weird she called her mommy but whatever)

Me: How did you know if it was me when you’re bl-

EM: SHUT UP DON’T QUESTION MY DAUGHTER! Apologize to me RIGHT NOW and I won’t call the cops!! *she turns to her daughter* Honey go inside so that she doesn’t corrupt you with her satanist ways. 

Another reminder, she says I’ll corrupt people because of my (then) blue hair and piercings. Her freaking daughter had dyed her hair RED. LIKE WHAT??!!

Me, *getting a very wonderful, awful idea*: I apologize, Mrs. EM. 

EM, *smirking*: Apology NOT accepted, but I won’t call the cops. Carry on then. 

I speed walk back to my group of friends with a giant smile on my face. They’re all asking what happened, I explain, and then tell them my idea. 

So the way EM’s house is facing is across the street from the park, but from her porch her can see the pathway to the park clearly, especially with the bright street lights and sidewalk lights. It felt like we had spotlight on us as we prepared the idea.

I had all my friends sit in a circle and placed one of them into the center. He just so happened to be in drama, so this act was going to be phenomenal. 

Once everyone had quietly controlled their giggling, we held each other’s hands and I began shouting gibberish. Literal gibberish. I did it in some sort of “accent” as well to top it off. 

The friend in the middle began to “convulse”, eyes rolled back and everything. 

Cue EM walking up.

EM: WHAT THE HELL OP? What’re you doing?! Are you- ARE YOU PERFORMING A RITUAL?!

I just looked up at her, eyes rolled back as well, and gave her a creepy laugh. 

EM: THIS IS BULLSHIT! EM #2, CALL THE POLICE! (EM couldn’t call because of previous story, but of course she found a way around it)

She storms away to make sure EM #2 was making the call and we all start laughing. 

And since it was requested last time, here is what I can remember from the convo with the base officer. 

The familiar base police car pulls up and I’m already waiting at the sidewalk for them (I’ve befriended the base police at this point because of how many times EM has called them if you didn’t see previous post). EM keeps her distance across the street, but is glaring at me the whole time. My friends are a few feet behind me, still cracking up about what happened. 

Me: Hey NBO. Lovely night we’re having. 

NBO: Of course it’s you OP. Can’t you stay out of trouble for once? 

He gives me a wink before walking over to EM and EM #2. I can’t really hear what they’re saying from where I am, but watching EM’s face as she explains everything was priceless. That woman was too expressive. 

Fast forward ten minutes (yes ten damn minutes) and NBO comes over to me. 

NBO: So EM told me that you were throwing glass into her yard, and then performed some Satanic ritual?

He cleared his throat to stop himself from laughing. 

Me: Well actually, she accused me of throwing rocks into her yard so I don’t know where glass came from. OS was with me too, you can ask her if you need to. 

NBO: Nah, I believe you. I had asked her to show me the glass, and she said she picked it up already and threw it away. So then I said to show me in the trash, and she said her husband had taken it out already. I was gonna mention the big trash cans but I didn’t want to hear it anymore. I knew she was lying before that. 

Me: What’s new?

NBO: Right. Anyways, like I said before, just don’t do rituals in front of her again. Or throw glass in her yard, got it?

He gave me a smile as he got into his car and I nod. 

EM: HOW COME YOU NEVER ARREST THIS DAMN BRAT?!

NBO: There’s never a reason, EM, so you should stop or you will get you and your husband in trouble (he was the active duty one). 

EM huffed and when NBO was out of sight, flipped me off and sat back down on her porch with the other EM.

This one was way longer lmao but enjoy. (:/nYes. I posted this on mobile. 

Now, here's a recent one about Ty (my floofer doggo baby). But a thing before we start this tale of entitlement - Tyson wasn't raised by me, he was raised by an old man (om) who Ty loved to death. He was protective but nice, so when Om went into the hospital after he suffered from cardiac arrest - but was resuscitated, and he's currently still in the hospital but recovering well- he told my mum to take him since we were trustworthy and wouldn't get rid of him without his say in it first. 

When we got Ty in the start of 2017 he was really shy and timid. It'd take him about three days to determine if you were nice, and even then, we had to teach him how to play, basic commands and we're still teaching him to walk alongside us. This happened when we were on a walk around the cemetery near my home. Withhis harness and lead on, we were ready to go learn.

Ink/me: 'merica
Ep: entitled bitch who needs a slap
Et: entitled bitches little spawn who also needs a slap
Ty:the amazing floofer boi that is my doggo

We started the walk going Down the back path to the cemetery (there was a funeral and certain people hate Ty cause of his size), round to the back and started making our way round to do two laps of the whole place.

All was good until we were half way through the second lap. I was talking to another dog owner who's husky I used to look after (the husky is called diablo has a wheelchair (got hit by a car as a pup) and has the biggest ears possible). We were having a nice chat about diets and all that when Ty jumped and tried to hide between my legs (Akita plus small ink doesn't go well) so I look around and spot a kid - who looks about 9-10 holding a stick and trying to poke Ty. I move the stick away ant tell the kid to "stop trying to poke him, if you want to stroke him you have to ask me".

That was a mistake. She runs off to the Chapel and runs back a couple of minutes later With her mum/dad I don't know they looked like they could be either. And then, it begins:

Ep: did you tell my baby she couldn't pet your dog?!
Me: no ma'am, I told him not to poke at my dog with a stick. He's a very timid dog and gets nervous really easily.
Ep: so?! That doesn't mean you can tell my child what to do!
Me: I can when it can harm my dog.

Now, I don't like to interact with people. But if my dog or any pet is on the line, I'll stab a bitch. This kid tries to CLIMB on Ty like a fucking horse, so he does what any dog would do. He ran, not too far obviously but I went after him and tried to calm him down. Et is on the floor crying that she broke her arm and all that and unleashes The dragon that is an entitled parent.

Ep: HOW DARE YOUR DOG HARM MY CHILD - She then goes on to say she'll sue me, then goes:
Ep: GIVE ME YOUR DOG
Me: excuse me what?
Ep: give me your dog
Me: after your kid did that and you threatened to sue me? No
Et: I WANT TO PLAY WITH THE DOG
Ep: see? Just give me the dog and everything will be okay. I'll make sure you don't abuse him anymore - she makes kissy noises to try to get Ty to come to her. He doesn't move.

Me: well sorry, but I don't abuse my dog. He's always been timid ever since he was a pup.
Ep: JUST GIVE HIM TO ME
Me: no. He's my dog, I don't have to give him to you
Ep: - she tuts- where is your father, I'll have a word with him about you abusing your dog
Me: he's in [redacted], sorry
Ep: hmph, who's he then
She points to the guy I was talking to

Me: he's a friend of my families. We like to talk, and he likes to record the recovery of his dog.
Low and behold, theres a go-pro attached to the pups wheelchair. This is when the ep huffs again and walks off, her spawn in tow. The go-pro wasn't recording, he just has it so no-one will try to hit  his dog.

EDIT 1: For all those wanting to view my doggo in question (Tyson) here you go! http://imgur.com/gallery/UhA31V2

EDIT2: Thanks for all the comments for Ty, he's getting really happy and excited when I read them off to him! Also, thank you Mysterious Stranger for the silver! I feel so blessed. Oh and if you want more pictures of Ty, just ask I'll post them of r/goodbois or any other doggo sub reddit. Have a good night/Day! /nAs my first EP story got over 1500 upvotes in less than 48hrs im going to write more EP stories

EP, EK, Me, you know what they are

PA: Passenger CO: Conductor

EP looks about 30 and Ek looks 7 at a push

Im on a train journey home fron milan coming back to the uk. I have to change trains as my house is not in london so i have to change. I sit down on a bench next to EP and EK. as i was in milan i had some Italian grapes which (all jokes aside) are delicious but i wanted to bring some home, but i was getting hungry, and i wasnt going to pay £8.50 for a slimy burger so i whack out my grapes

EP: Why are you eating them infront of my son

Me: Excuse me?

EP: Why are you eating those grapes infront of my son

Me: Is there a problem with me doing that?

EK: Im allergic to grapes

I apollogize and move on and i thought that was the end of it

It wasnt

I had booked a First class train ticket as there were no economy seats left to book. I couldve waited for another train but if i have to go somewhere i want to get there asap (i think i inherited that of my mother arriving at the airports 1 hour before check in opens) so i booked the first class

i wasnt expecting to see the woman so i whack out my grapes. PA, who i never met before, asked for a grape. i hesitantly said yes and we started to talk to eachother for about 10 minutes and then as im finishing off the grapes EP and EK sit infront of me and before i say "oh hello again" the following

EP: i told you to stop eating those grapes infront of my son

Me: how was i meant to know yo- (and then she slaps me)

EP: DONT EAT GRAPES NEAR ME AGAIN

EK: (in the sassiest voice ever) Yeah you idiot dont do that

PA: WHAT WAS THAT FOR!

CO: EVERYONE QUIET!!! Whats gone on?

EP: TAKE THIS MAN OF THE TRAIN! HE ASSULTED MY SON! 

CO: All of you come with me

CO took us to the train station office where you could see the ordeal from the moment i got off the italian train to that second in time

EP was redder than the shorts i was wearing 

i was asked if i would like to press assult charges. that was an instant yes. EP and EK were questioned and Me, CO and PA got back onto the train. PA got off in Birmingham and i carried on my way to the north.

if PA is reading this. You are awesome./nMe: Who do you think EM: Entitled Mom EK: Entitled Kid F1: Friend 1 F2: Friend 2 P: Principal

TL;DR at the bottom

This story happened to me in 5th grade, and it that time I was an antisocial kid with a few good friends, but in the group of friends, there was one who was the most annoying person i've ever met. He was a very sensible child to everyone, but not us. He was a crybaby who always depended on her mom, and if you didn't do what he said, his mom would spread a lie in the moms group, making the kid and his family look bad. As an example, a friend of mine once told him that he was kind of annoying and didn't want to be friends with EK anymore. The next day, the EM started saying that my friend's family actually were illegal immigrators (They were Russian) and that the school only accepted them for their money. His life was ruined for a bit. That's the level of cruelty that EM and EK have.

On to the story. It was a day in April, a little bit after spring break, and F1 invited me to party. We went bowling and had a good time, until, we get a phone call.

F1: Hello?
EK: Hi, I heard someone say that it was your birthday so I came here. Where are you guys, I can't see you.
F1: Ummm, I think I didn't invite you.
EK: WHAT! MOM! (Call ends)

We didn't think much about the call and went back to bowling.
Fast forward a few days after, we were in school, when in the middle of class, the principal's secretary said that F1, F2, and I needed to go to the principal's office. We go in and find the EM and EK sitting right next to the principal.

P: Were these the kids that annoyed you a few days ago?
EK: Yes! Have them expelled! They punched me and called me a poopie face.
P: Alright, tell me the full story.
EK: F1 invited me to his house and then they started punching me and said bad words and told me not to tell anyone or they'd kill me with a cafeteria knife (They were plastic)
F1: What? That didn't happen!
P: Ok tell me what happened.

F1 told her the bowling story, with F2 and I backing that up, and saying that he had never invited EK to his house.

P: Ok, two things. One, both stories happened outside of school, so EM lied to me-
EM: IT HAS AFFECTED MY SON'S BEHAVIOR ACADEMICALLY, SO IT IS SCHOOL RELATED! HE IS MUCH BETTER THAN THOSE DUMB KIDS (We had better grades)
P: and they have a better story with more witnesses.
EM: I'LL SUE THIS SCHOOL FOR NOT HELPING MY SON.

She got out there cursing on her way out.

Ah you would think the EM got served and the story has ended. No.

The next day my mom told me that EM was saying that F1, F2, and I MOLESTED her child (I didn't even know what molesting was). She grounded me for doing that. I was sad, but I was only grounded for an hour since F1's mom posted proof that we had been bowling that day, told everyone that he didn't even know the kid, and started talking about my friend (The one from earlier) and how she had lied and started a "revolution". Everyone hated EM and EK, and EK changed schools the next week.

From what I know now, EK lives in Europe now, and I hope I never see him again, as for all the people EM lied about are now Ok.

TL;DR: EK lies about me and some friends hurting him, truth gets uncovered, he ends up with no friends.

Edit 1: Thank you so much for the silver! I really appreciate it!/n
All the classics players with a guest appearance from brother. 

Scene 1: the parking lot. 

It’s a nice day in June sun is shining birds are singing and my brother has a event he is working at the local park. Me being a uni students I don’t have classes in June so I go to pick him up. However, I am early and they are. Running behind. No worries. I’ll just kick back roll down the window listen to my tunes and read my book while I wait. 

Now the playlist I was jamming to is called “girl gang” and is basically like songs by girls about liking other girls and other similar girl/girl themes. I myself am gay and in love so I like love songs that are about my type of love. Simple yes. Apparently no.  

Screen 2: the knock. 

Now yes I had my windows down but the music was at 20 on the volume out of 100 so not overly loud.  

Knock knock knock on my windshield. 

Me: oh hey can I help you?

Em: yes. Turn that music off it’s far to gay to be playing. 

Me: what?

Em: your music is gay. 

Me:and 

Em: you can’t play it! 

Me: why?

Em: because other people will hear it. 

Now it’s not super graphic, sexual and there is no bad language. All very low key not “I kissed a girl and I liked it” more “are we sisters in cause or lovers I can’t tell”. 

Me: well I can turn it down sorry it was too loud. 

Em: no don’t play it at all. There are children here. What if you turned them *she whispers like it would be the same as killing them all*

Me: ahh ok. I’ll change it....

Em: thank you 

Scene 3: the new DJ. 

I switch to my fast and furious play list (best movies ever don’t at me) 

Em returns you can’t play race or drug rap at the park. 

I switch to daftpunk. 

Em returns you can’t play electric scary music 

I switch to Hamilton playlist

Em returns the rap = bad and again the cursing 

I switch to Disney camp playlist

Em returns. If I play Disney I might attract children to my car.  

I give up and put on a podcast and stop reading my book. 

Scene 4: the cop

Now at this point I have been at the park for 40 min. Again I was early and bro was late.  I have given up on music and am listening to the podcast Views. All pretty family friendly some stuff a little out there but overall ok. I also have the windows up to block the noise. 

Cop pulls in. Knocks on my window. 

Me: hello sir. 

Cop: hello we have a call about a woman in. White car here trying to disturb and attract children into her car fitting your description. Can you please explain why you are here. 

So I do tell the story of me being early bro being late and how ya I was playing some questionable music before but changed it when asked. 

Cop goes to em. 

Em: WHAT DO YOU MEAN SHE DID NOTHING WRONG!!!! SHE IS TRYING TO GET CHILDREN TO JOIN THE DEVIL. 

at this point I’m like naw. Screw this crap. And text bro saying dude where you at. He says he will be there soon. I tell him I want to dip out and I’ll go to mcds to wait for him. He says no I’m just packing up my gear now and I’ll treat you to Mcds if you wait. 

Scene 5: the end. 

So cop leaves. I roll up my windows. And just wait. Bro says he will be there soon. 

Em comes back and starts screaming her head off about how I’m a danger to children, that a women my age should not be in a park for kids, that I’m going to burn in hell and that if I don’t leave she will make me leave. 

I see bro coming from over the hill. 

Finally. 

Ems eyes go wide and runs away. 

Why? Because bro was doing some basic training and a work shop thing with the military as a demonstration to the public. Still is in full combat gear with several other dressed the same. 

Bro gets in the car. 

Me: took ya long enough I had a crazy lady I had to deal with. 

Bro: prob the same on
That got pissed we didn’t let her kid touch the weapons. 

I rip out of the park and head to Mcds for a drink playing my gay music the whole way. 

TL:DR waiting for brother in the park playing gay music. Em did not like it. Every time I changed playlist she had a problem. Cops where called because I was a danger. Cops left cause I was not. Em pissed says I’m the devil and threatens me.  Bro shows up with all his buddies in full military combat gear. Em quickly leave. 
/nFirst post, here we go!

&#x200B;

A bit of context. (I'm terrible at titles) I have type 1 diabetes, and I manage it using a pretty neat device called an Omni Pod. It's a small Pod that you fill with Insulin, before sticking it to your arm for 3 days. It's all controlled through a remote, but the Pod only lasts 3 days. This is typically fine, as I change the Pod itself during the evening, so it doesn't mess with my day at College. However, if the pod fails, it emits a long loud beep that will continue to sound until the Pod is deactivated and replaced.

&#x200B;

I also want to mention that I travel to College on a train, and I normally grab a seat with a table so I can do my work, or just stretch my legs a little (the train is pretty early-morning so not many people are on the train)

&#x200B;

So it's day 2 of my 3 day Pod, and I'm sat at a table with my laptop out, reading a short story. This Kid (K) and their Parent (EP) are sat at the table across from me, and have been fine for the duration of the travel. This kid is about 6 or 7 so bear with.

&#x200B;

That is until my Pod fails, giving off the ear-piercing scream I've come to hate. Standard procedure is to whip out the remote, stop the Pod, and start a new one. Filling a Pod is a little complex; first you take a syringe with a small needle and draw from a small vile of Insulin, then insert the needle into the Pod and fill. From the outside-looking-in it's a bit weird but it's honestly the best they could do.

&#x200B;

Anyway, K notices this and begins to look a bit fidgety. The parent looks at me, and I get the feeling something's not right.

&#x200B;

EP: What are you doing?

&#x200B;

Me: I'm type 1, I'm just filling an insulin pump, it's kinda urgent but it won't take long.

&#x200B;

EP: Can't you do that someplace else?

&#x200B;

Me: Not really, the toilets are rather dirty and don't have a lot of room to do this, and it needs to be done now.

&#x200B;

EP: Well it's upsetting my kid!

&#x200B;

She's beginning to raise her voice a little.

&#x200B;

Me: I'm very sorry about that, but I need to do this, I'm dependant on it.

&#x200B;

I hear nothing more, so I assume everything is alright, until I start priming the Pod. Priming is when the Pod bleeds out any air from the insulin tank (as you don't want bubbles being pushed into your arm) and for some reason it always makes this loud SNAP as it does it (No idea why :P)

&#x200B;

This snap startles the kid a little (who is still watching mind you).

&#x200B;

K: Mommy, what was that?

&#x200B;

EP: Well? What was that?

&#x200B;

Me: No clue.

&#x200B;

It's after the priming that the fun begins. The Pod has to fire a needle into my arm. It's quick, but hurts like hell sometimes, and even I jump and swear at it, despite having it for about 5 years.

&#x200B;

Me: Sorry, this might startle him a bit (I still have no idea why I'm being so polite)

&#x200B;

I fire the Pod's needle and jump at the quick pain. I didn't swear, but it was painful so I sit and rub my arm a little.

&#x200B;

This kid did not like that.

&#x200B;

He gets very distressed, asking his mother what had happened, and what that thing on my arm was.

&#x200B;

EP: Why did you startle him like that!? The poor thing is scared half to death! He's very sensitive to these things!

&#x200B;

Me: I'm very sorry about that Miss, but I need to do this, I'm Insulin dependant, and this Pod is what keeps me alive.

&#x200B;

EP: Is everyone from your generation a druggy then? Honestly, I would've thought that going to school would beat these things out of you but apparently not!

&#x200B;

Me: Miss, I am not a druggy, I have a pretty serious condition that I am trying to deal with.

&#x200B;

I'm getting pretty annoyed now, but I wasn't in the mood to raise my voice, especially with the kid around (I can get really loud and really angry very quickly)

&#x200B;

EP: If it's so serious then why are you on a public train!? I don't want K to catch your disgusting germs!

&#x200B;

Me: Diabetes is not contagious.

&#x200B;

This seems to shut her up for all of two seconds before she continues.

&#x200B;

EP: Well you shouldn't be doing something like that in a public place!

&#x200B;

Me: And why not?

&#x200B;

I was getting a little more pissy.

&#x200B;

EP: Because it may upset people!

&#x200B;

I had had it!

&#x200B;

Me: Very sorry about your insecurities and baseless prejudiced against people who are "different" but not all of us are perfect individuals with not a flaw with at all, and feel the need to call people out for helping themselves LIVE just to please a spoiled brat and shelter them from the harsh reality that not everyone is healthy.

&#x200B;

EP stares at me.

&#x200B;

Me: I hope to god you never take that kid outside! He might collapse from all the people who are different! Imagine his face when he sees people with missing limbs! It'd shatter his world view!

&#x200B;

(Bear in mind, I have a younger cousin, and whenever she gets sarcastic, she puts on this overly-posh, overly-dramatic voice and starts acting like Freddie Mercury. Think Rarity but with sarcasm.)

&#x200B;

EP does not back down.

&#x200B;

EP: HOW DARE YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT YOU LITTLE BASTARD! IT'S NOT MY FAULT YOU WERE BORN A DEFECT DRUGGY AND ARE HAVING TO JUSTIFY IT!

&#x200B;

Noticing we had reached the final stop, I grab my things and turn back to the EP.

&#x200B;

Me: I'm very sorry to hear about your insecurities, but I must be off to College, have a swell, hate-filled day!

&#x200B;

With that, I left, in a sour mood and definitely a lot more deflated than I was before the indecent.

&#x200B;

I honestly feel sorry for the kid, having a mother like that but hey, at least I got to vent some steam. Also, I never saw EP again. Turns out the train guards (one of whom was my father) had heard about the issue and had a quite word with her about manners, nothing serious, but just a quiet word warning that if she ever did something like that again, she'd be kicked off at the next stop. This was one of the first encounters I've had with an entitled parent, but at least she didn't try to take the Pod away from me so her child could play with it XD

&#x200B;

EDIT: Forgot to mention that after swearing to me, her child looked at her in shock! Like he had always been told never to swear, so watching his own mother swear must have been a strange experience. Hope he doesn't end up like her!

&#x200B;

EDIT 2: Wow! Thank you all for the amazing feedback to this post! It means a lot to me that you took the time to read and I'm truly grateful for that! I know I haven't responded to every comment, but I have read them all. I'm working on another EP story now, it won't be as rage inducing as this one, but I do hope you'll enjoy it once I post it. Special thanks to the Reddit user who gave me Gold; you all rock!/nHopefully this isn’t too long, it just happened yesterday and I want to vent. In this story, my mom and my aunts are the entitled parents. 

So my mom is notorious for forgetting to tell me about family events until the last minute, especially if they are during the weekend. I’m a bartender, so obviously weekends are prime work hours for me. It’s also kinda hard to find someone to cover a weekend shift last minute. 

Well basically yesterday (Friday) she told me about a cousins wedding that was the next day (Saturday) and asked me to come. This cousin is someone I don’t see or talk to often because she lives two hours away. I told her I could see if someone will cover my Saturday night shift, but that I probably wouldn’t be able to go. 

My mom immediately gets pissy with me, saying “well I already told everyone you’d be coming.” I told her that’s on her, since she didn’t give me nearly enough time to get coverage for my shift. (Plus, I honestly didn’t want to go anyways. I don’t want to go out of town to see a bunch of family I barely know, while missing out on a busy shift) 

She bugged me all day Friday about wether I could go or not, and I finally told her no. 

Mom: Seriously? Everyone else is going and I already told everyone you’d be there.

Me: Yes, seriously. I work every weekend and you know this, and you didn’t tell me about it until the day before. 

Mom: Jesus, I already told L and J (my two aunts) that you would watch the kids at the reception. What are we supposed to do now?

Like seriously??? She volunteered me to babysit all the kids at the reception so her and the rest of my family could get drunk. Also, I’m 22, if I’m going to a wedding *I’m* getting drunk lol. 

Now she’s mad at me and my aunts are too. Then I get a text from my sister, who is also mad because now she has to watch the kids. 

Family is annoying sometimes./n*(Disclaimer: This isn't my story, it's a close friend of mine's. I'll be telling it from his point of view.)*

\- - -

For context: my Mom, Brother, and I all live in a trailer, a real dump if you ask me. We hit hard times a few years back and my grandfather had given us this place to live.

Anyway, recently the three of us have been talking about moving into a house. So we had this family meeting to discuss it, where Mom told us that she contacted a realtor and was putting her name down on a house lease that we'd all pay for together, pretty normal family stuff. My Brother, overjoyed by this turn of events, decided to tell his Baby Mama (they aren't together, she just had his kid) about this new house and how their (5 y/o) daughter would finally get her own room; he even sent her a link to the house.

That's where the problem began. You see, BM just so happened to have an issue with this house.

It had stairs.

BM would say things to my Brother like "What if our daughter falls down the stairs??"

She proceeded to freak out on the entire family, saying how dangerous this house was and how we couldn't move into a house with stairs. We blew it off like it was nothing, just figured she would calm down.

Little did we know that she would actually call up the realtor and tell them a whole sob story, about how bad we were and how we shouldn't be able to get this house, to the point that the realtor wanted all of our names on the lease and to charge us an extra couple hundred dollars just to do that.

On top of that, BM's keeping the daughter away from my Brother and our family unless he takes her to court. She's not letting us see her at all, because apparently we're irresponsible people. All because we want to live in a house with stairs.

So yeah, she screwed us over.

\- - -

**\[EDIT\]** I wanted to make some additions:

1- I shall note that Daughter is a pretty healthy and intelligent kid.

2- We did tell BM about the baby gates. According to her, that was "just unacceptable". She thinks Daughter is too smart and could work around them (yet she thinks Daughter's not capable of climbing stairs?)

3- We agree that BM is being pretty manipulative by keeping Daughter away from Brother. She's not used to not getting her way, and just had to throw a fit when no one in the family would take her side.

4- Mom broke her deal with the Realtor as soon as they asked for more money.

We don't know when the court will take place, it could be in a few weeks, or months. But we'll still do our best to keep you updated!

\- - -

**\[UPDATE 7/20/2019\]** *(from OP's pov)*

Good news! My friend and his family finally managed to move to a nice house! It was recently that they got all set in. And yes, it's a house with stairs. Shocker, I know!

There hasn't been any news on the whole court situation though. However, BM did end up desperately asking the Brother to look after their Daughter at some point. If you want my opinion, I think she just misses her alone time with her sugar daddy, lol./nAlright, i’m in mobile, so i’m sorry if the text looks sorta misaligned or something.

This happened a while ago, back in high school about... 3 years ago, i was walking to the bus stop with mah buddy (whom we’ll call *HANS* because of his sheer size) to go home, when i saw a child and his mother. The child was about 10 years old... maybe. And the mother looked on her 30’s. They went in the bus alongside me and my buddy. I thought nothing of this at first. 

Now for some context, it was a rainy day, and the neighborhood where Hans and i lived in was kinda far, normally a bus trip over there would take around 20-30 minutes with normal transit. But in rainy days, it could easily take up to 3 hours to get there. We also had our 3ds...es to play some monster hunter in local connection. So we weren’t going to get bored anytime soon. (Dunno whats the plural of 3ds)

So there we were, attempting to play some missions in g-rank, when the child came close to us. He started watching us play and asking some questions. Which was nice, since i personally liked to show my skills to people and he asked  politely. So we started talking and we eventually exchanged friend codes. (This was when miiverse was still a thing) was when the mother started staring at us... with an angry look on her face.

We were fighting stygian zinogre when the mother tapped my shoulder. (Stygian zinogre was one of the hardest monsters in g-rank, so we couldn’t afford any distractions) that conversation went a bit like this:

Me: It is i, me! H: *HANS* C: child EM: entitled mom.

Me: *still staring at the screen* what is it?

EM: why have you been ignoring my son?

Me: sorry, we’re busy.

At this point, EM tried to snatch my 3ds, closing it in the process and breaking the connection. Hans had to abandon the mission because of that. I fortunately managed to keep it in my hands and EM was now starting to bitch at us and C looked embarrassed because of that. Now, Hans is a powerful being, he looked fat, but all that flab was actually muscles. I learned this at PE class, and i knew that the volcano had awoken. Good thing it did.

H: *visibly annoyed* ma’am, the FUCK are you doing!?

EM: And what is your right to scream at me? You ignored my son when he asked you if he could play!

C: mom, don’t make a scene.

Me: you should listen to your son miss, we didn’t hear him. 

EM: i don’t care, now you give that nintendo to my son.

(She seriously called it nintendo) 

Me: ma’am, just leave us alone, we didn’t really do anything.  

EM: I DONT CARE, JUST GIVE IT TO ME!

She then tried to snatch the 3ds from my hands again... for about 2 seconds because hans decked her in the face. 

H: *a bit before and during the falcon-punching to EM’s face* PISS OFF! 

The other people in the bus were watching the scene unfold, and didn’t say anything about Hans hitting EM in the face. C was speechless, but... he didn’t look as sad as one would expect. EM was covering her face, moaning in pain. The bus hadn’t been moving (because traffic) so EM and C could make a run for it. C was able to mutter “sorry” before going with his mother. We didn’t see EM after that.

The rest of the trip was kinda normal, we actually beat stygian zinogre and got to our homes unscathed. 

Later, hans and i were playing monster hunter 4 online, and, would you look at that, its C. We greeted each other and started going in missions. He also said he was sorry for his mother’s actions. He didn’t even ask to play because he had left his 3ds at home. Which is why we exchanged friend codes. We kept talking and eventually we knew that EM was arrested because of other, similar incident. This meant that C was living happily with his dad. 

Today, i’m still friends with C. maybe he was thankful because of the punching, but i didn’t want to dig into that further. Oh well.

TL;DR Bad mother tries to steal from me, gets decked and kid is thankful.



/n\[Update at bottom\]

Made an account for this because I am still so pissed.

&#x200B;

It's a long post.

&#x200B;

So this happened a few days ago, as the title suggests me and my partner had our wedding on the anniversary of the day we met. Everything was set-up to be perfect etc. etc.

As part of our guest list we invited our work colleagues with everyone getting a plus one. One of my co-workers who we'll call John let me know a few weeks ago that he was going to bring his new girlfriend to the wedding. It was a bit last-minute but as one of our other guests had recently cancelled I figured it'd be fine. Big mistake.

At our reception our wedding favours were cupcakes in a little box with a hand-written thank you note. As they were the favours there was one at each place setting and therefore one for each person. Next to the head table we also had a smaller table where we had our wine close-by and a Ferris-wheel cupcake holder filled with enough cupcakes for us to have one each as the bridesmaids and groomsmen also got additional favours.

The first course hadn't even started before a woman holding a toddler and being followed by a young child, none of which I had ever seen, approaches the head table.

EM = entitled mother, EB = the entitled 4-6 year old  son this woman has trailing behind her, Me = me, Jay = my partner.

&#x200B;

EM: Excuse me

&#x200B;

She's wearing a black top and skirt and as the service staff's uniform is just formal black attire, most were wearing differing clothes and I straight away presume she was a waiter or something trying to find the children's parents.

&#x200B;

Me: Hi, yes?

EM: There aren't enough cupcakes.

I'm obviously taken aback by this.

Me: I'm sorry what?

EM: I said, there aren't enough cupcakes.

Me: What do you mean?

EM: You're 2 cupcakes short, my kids don't have any

&#x200B;

At this point I'm mortified thinking that me and Jay had somehow miscounted the guests or messed up ordering the cupcakes, but I also am embarrassed because this woman's face is not ringing any bells and I feel like an asshole for not knowing who one of our guests are.

&#x200B;

Me: I'm so sorry about that, are the kids part of the plus ones? We might not of put a favour on the table if we didn't know their names.

Jay, quietly to me: I thought we put the plus ones' boxes next to the invited person?

Me, quietly back: I don't know we must've messed up.

EM: I'm the plus one, I've got my cupcake but you didn't give my children theirs?

Me, very confused: You're the plus one?

EM, looking at me like I'm slow: Yes I'm the plus one.

Me: Are your kids plus ones for someone else?

EM: No they're my plus ones.

Jay: Your plus ones?

EM, very sarcastically: Well obviously, they're only little kids I couldn't exactly leave them at home could I?

Me: We only had enough cupcakes for one plus one.

EM: But my kids need their cupcakes.

&#x200B;

The older child has spotted the cupcakes for the head table and has started to walk towards it, Jay has noticed this almost immediately and gets up to cut the child off.

&#x200B;

EM, looking at me and not her child: Surely you have some cupcakes for the children.

Me, side-eyeing the older child: We did, but only for the kids we knew were coming miss.

EM: Well then why didn't you know my kids were coming?

Me, utterly flabbergasted by this question: ...We weren't told about them?

EM: Well then you should've had spare cupcakes in case of people not being able to find a babysitter, it's hard to find a babysitter with only a months worth of notice. (Me and Jay had sent out our save the dates over 2 years ago)

Me: I'm sorry miss but I'm not even sure who's plus one you are and-

&#x200B;

I'm cut off by the older child shrieking. I look back over and Jay has picked up the boy, who has one corner of the tablecloth still clenched in his grubby little hand. Jay thankfully hadn't yanked the kid away very far so only one bottle was knocked over by the kid pulling it.

&#x200B;

EM: WHAT ON EARTH ARE YOU DOING TO EB???!!!

Jay: He was pulling on the table! He was going to pull everything off of it!

&#x200B;

I quickly rushed to my feet, one of the groomsmen who had been standing nearby had also rushed over to try and help.

EM puts her toddler down and also rushes over.

&#x200B;

EM: PUT DOWN EB RIGHT NOW, WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?

Jay: Tell him to let go of the tablecloth then, he could've gotten hurt.

&#x200B;

EM apparently  then spotted our cupcake stand that was teetering dangerously with all the tablecloth pulling.

&#x200B;

EM: There, see! He only wanted a cupcake, you're hogging them all.

Me: Dude those are for the head table. They're our cupcakes.

EM: You guys are adults you don't need cupcakes.

Me: I fucking paid for them?

&#x200B;

At this point the groomsman is trying to pry EB's fingers off of the table cloth as Jay tried to keep him from trashing. My maid of honour had also appeared at some point and was on the other side of the table attempting to keep the tablecloth from moving.

&#x200B;

EM: HE'S JUST A CHILD WHAT ELSE IS HE MEANT TO DO?

Me: Not just take things that aren't his?? He's old enough, haven't you taught him anything?

EM shrieks: ARE YOU TRYING TO TELL ME I'M A BAD MOTHER?

Me: I DON'T CARE IF YOU ARE OR NOT YOUR CHILD IS GOING IS GOING TO BREAK EVERYTHING

EM: JUST GIVE HIM A CUPCAKE, YOU'RE BEING SO SELFISH

Me: WHAT THE FUCK?

&#x200B;

At this point me, Jay, EM, my m.o.h, 2 groomsmen, a few other guests and a couple of employees were crowded around our side-table; all the while EB is wailing at the top of his lungs. People who weren't even in the room at the time had come rushing in to see what all the fuss is about and I was kind of self-conscious that all my friends and family were watching me cuss out this bitch, but also too angry to really care.

&#x200B;

EM, screaming and jabbing a finger at me: THIS IS ALL YOUR FAULT

Me: MY FAULT?

EM: IF YOU JUST LET HIM HAVE A CUPCAKE HE WOULD STOP SCREAMING

Me: WHY CAN'T YOU CONTROL YOUR FUCKING CHILD YOU CRACK ADDICT?

&#x200B;

The groomsmen finally manage to get the kid to let go of the tablecloth and Jay hoists him up and away from the table quickly as the kid thrashes more violently and digs his nails into Jay's arm.

&#x200B;

EM: LET GO OF MY FUCKING CHILD

&#x200B;

She then rushes over to Jay, pulling on his arms attempting to pull EB loose.

The groomsmen pull her off of Jay and continue to restrain her as she now begins to thrash around screaming 'LET GO OF ME, I'LL HAVE YOU FUCKING ARRESTED THIS IS ASSAULT'.

I'm very overwhelmed suddenly as the adrenaline wears off and I walk over to my m.o.h to try and help her fix up the table. A few more bottles had tipped and rolled off the table, but thankfully none had broken.

All the while EM and EB are screaming threats and hysterics, Jay was trying to shout over at them for someone to call fucking security or something and then I hear someone from the other end of the room shout out 'SOMEONE GET THE BABY'.

I turn back to try and locate the voice/find out what was happening with a baby and watch as the tablecloth from the head table and all of the plates and decorations get pulled off and hit the floor with a terrible crash and shatter.

&#x200B;

Jay drops EB in shock and EM pushes the groomsmen off of her as she rushed over to the mess on the floor. The toddler is screaming as EM tries to pull the kid out from under the tablecloth. Everyone else in the room is silent, I am in shock and then suddenly can't handle it anymore and start bawling. I have to sit down and my m.o.h grabs a napkin off of the closest table for me to try and dry my face.

EM manages to pull her child out from under the tablecloth, as far as I'm aware without a scratch. She then storms over to me and starts shouting in my face.

&#x200B;

EM: WHAT THE FUCK IS YOUR ISSUE? YOU COULD'VE KILLED MY LITTLE GIRL.

&#x200B;

I can't respond and just start crying harder.

&#x200B;

Jay: Don't you fucking yell at my wife you crazy bitch, it was your fault all of this happened because you can't control your fucking kids.

EM: DON'T YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT THIS WOULDN'T OF HAPPENED IF YOU HAD JUST HAD ENOUGH CUPCAKES FOR EVERYONE.

JAY: WE DID HAVE ENOUGH FOR EVERYONE, YOU AND YOUR SPAWN WEREN'T FUCKING INVITED.

&#x200B;

There is another crash from behind the crowd, it turns out in the commotion EB had grabbed for the cupcake stand again, this time bringing it crashing to the floor as well as another wine bottle.  Around this point security finally show up.

EB starts wailing again talking about how he wanted a cupcake. The two groomsmen go over to talk to the security guards as Jay and my m.o.h try and get me to stop crying.

&#x200B;

EM, shouting at the security guards: THEY TRIED TO KILL MY BABY

&#x200B;

The groomsmen apparently explained the situation to the security guards and EM, EB and the toddler were escorted out. I don't know if the police were called, I don't know if the venue pressed charges or not. I just kind of sat there and cried while surrounded by the mess of my reception.

&#x200B;

The staff were really lovely and helped me reset the head table with new plates and glasses, and Jay helped them sweep the glass off of the floor as I couldn't bend down in my dress. The guests who weren't in the room soon came in to see the left-overs of the mess and a few apologised for not being there when it happened. The rest of the night was nice and what I was hoping for but boy does the tension after that kind of incident take some time to disappear.

&#x200B;

I did not see John for the rest of the night, and I only know that EM was his plus one because some of my other colleagues informed me that she had been sitting at their table with him and had been bitching about the cupcake situation before me and Jay had even entered the room.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Co-worker's plus one brings 2 young children without informing me and my spouse, and gets mad that we don't give her the head table's cupcakes for the children when the kids don't have any. The older boy pulls the cupcake stand onto the floor ruining all of our cupcakes and breaking the stand, and the toddler who was left unattended pulled the tablecloth, dishes and decorations off of the head table and on-top of herself. When security arrived to collect the entitled mother she screamed that I had tried to kill her baby while I sat at my own wedding reception and cried.

&#x200B;

Personal update/clarification(?):

I really wasn't expecting the kind of response I got from this post. I thought it was going to be something small that let me vent and was quickly forgotten about and just the amount of kindness everyone's expressed has really touched my heart. Thank all of you.

&#x200B;

I want to say outright that I have no intentions of pressing charges against EM or John for that matter. Firstly I live in Australia and we don't really have the equivalent of a small claims court, as well as court proceedings in the magistrates court taking years at best. I don't want to deal with that, I don't want to have to pay for that; it's not worth it in my opinion. I also don't wish any harm against any of the 4 of them, I just really hope this doesn't get repeated at any one else's event. 

&#x200B;

I have not contacted John, nor has he reached out to me, but according to my friend at work he was talking about putting in for a transfer to a different division. Not sure if this is true or not obviously, but if it is I'm sorry he feels like that's something he has to do.

&#x200B;

I also don't plan to bill EM for the damages. Yes she was awful, yes her kids and her behaviour made me pissed beyond belief but the venue didn't charge me for their broken plates or the drama my wedding caused and the only things of mine that were broken I most likely wouldn't of kept anyway. It seems needlessly petty on my part.

&#x200B;

This incident definitely will not be appearing on Judge Judy, I'm sorry to disappoint quite a few of you. I had a couple of people asking about using this story for reddit videos, and as far as I'm concerned once you put a story on the internet it stops being yours and more the internet's to use as they want. My only request is that people don't cuss out/bully anyone. I know that I'm still incredibly mad and was most likely much too rude in this post but there's a big difference between me and a couple of other people calling you a dumb bitch compared to possibly thousands. 

&#x200B;

I also don't think that I'm going to be able to supply any photos/videos. Me and Jay had requested an 'unplugged' wedding free from people spending the entire night on their phones and as far as I am aware all guests complied with this request. I still plan to ask around regardless though.

&#x200B;

I'll post one more update when/if I contact John and have the possibility of more updates if anything worth updating about happens.

&#x200B;

Once more I want to thank all of you guys for being so kind and supportive, and if there's the possibility of any of the staff who worked at the wedding (I'm sure you know who you are) are reading this, I'd like to especially thank you again for all your hard work to make my day special. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nThis was not my first encounter with an entitled parent, but it has been a very important moment for me.(couldn't think of a good TL;DR, but wrote it anyway and you find it at the bottom)

Backstory:

I was between 14 and 16. I was: extremely shy, a bookworm and had no backbone (no matter who). To improve my pocket money, I delivered magazines in my district. Every two weeks, even to an erotic shop owner, who asked for delivery to his shop. Therefore my mother had to sign that I am allowed to enter the (18+)shop alone. (She had no problem with that because she was sure that I could not see anything there that I could not see anywhere else.) He was a very nice guy and at clostest to christmas delivery, i got always a music CD from him.(Important to the Story)

Cast:

NG: shop ownerPK:  Poor kid (around 14 years)EM: When I think back, I should be grateful to this monster.ME: enter "i don't tell you", or other lame joke

RW: woman at the register

It was my last round before Christmas and I was curious what CD I would get this year. I was, and am, not greedy, but he had already told me that I would get one, and that if he is not there, the CD is at the cash register and I should ask for it.

I lock my bike, go to the store and see that he is not there...

ME to RW (barely audible): NG told me that a CD is at the register for me.Put NGs magazine on the counter.RW: Oh, so this is for you, here.

Wow, otherwise it was usually a single, but this time it was the current "Bravo Hits".(A mix CD with titles from the current charts. I am pretty sure that only people from my country know it. And for those who know it, do not ask me which one it was. I don't know it anymore. )I beamed all over my face.

ME: Please say "thank you" for me.RW(jokingly): Oh, so you can speak louder!

I blushed and left the shop.

I just wanted to put the CD in my backpack ...

Enter ~~Godzilla~~ EM. A woman with the elegance of a rhinoceros and snorting like a bull...EM: What did you do in this shop, you can not go in there at all, you're too young for that!ME (barely audible): I have permission for me to ...EM: DO NOT LIE TO ME! Children of your age are not allowed to enter this store!ME (try to speak): But I have to de....EM: I SAID THAT YOU SHOULD NOT LIE TO ME!

She discovered the CD, which was not quite in my backpack yet.

EM: WHAT kind of DIRT did you stole from that store?ME: I did not steal anything! This is a gift.EM:  I SAID THAT YOU SHOULD NOT LIE TO ME!PK: Mom, can you stop yelling around like that?EM: PK, my little angel, I have to make sure that this boy gets his just punishment. Just go home, be a good boy, and make yourself something to eat.PK: But MOM...EM: PK, GO HOME!

He gave me a pitiful look and walked on.

&#x200B;

EM pointed her finger at me.EM: Do you see what kind of bad influence you have? My own son contradicts me!ME: Ma'am, please stop that and let me explain.EM: So you can tell me more lies? Give me the CD and I'll close it until my son is old enough for something like "that".

She reached for the CD ... At that moment, something jumped to its right place and I grew a backbone. I grabed EMs hand.

ME: Ma'am, this is a gift from the owner! For ...EM: So he's a pedophile...ME: SHUT UP AND LISTEN, YOU DUMB BITCH!

I'm shocked like EM, but I'm to angry because of her.

ME: I DELIVER HIS FUCKING TV MAGAZINE AND HE GAVE ME A MUSIC CD FOR THAT. AND IF YOU DON'T STOP AND LEAVE ME ALONE I'LL GO BACK IN AND CALL THE FUCKING POLICE.

After shouting at her like that, I felt much better!  But I also made the mistake of letting EM talk.

EM: How dare you! You attack me, yelled at me and now you want to call the police for me? I call the police now and who do you think they believe more? A child or an adult with bruises?

Fuck, I've grabed too tight.

&#x200B;

Just at that moment, NG came around the corner.  He looked angry and turned his gaze to EM.

NG: WHAT THE HELL you to to him?EM: What have I done to him? He assaulted me and he stole from your "shop".

She said "shop", as most people today say "Oh, you are a "gamer" on mobile."

NG: Ma'am, I'm here because my co-worker called me. The windows are mirrored, you can not see from the outside, but perfectly from the inside. He is the delivery boy for my TV magazine, and I gifted him a CD. And if you do not go, and leave him alone, WE call the police!

He points to the door where RW is waiting to call the police.

EM turned white as chalk and walked away.

NG turns to me.

NG: Are you ok? I didn't know, you could stand your ground like that.ME (facilitated): I didn't know that either.

NG and RW both laughed.

NG: I hope this monster does not have children of its own.ME: Unfortunately she has one, I feel sorry for him.

After that NG and RW made sure, that realy everything was all right.

I got back on my bike and deliverd the last three magazines.

&#x200B;

Today, when I know NG is behind the register, I go talk to him, about how crazy this world is sometimes. Finally, we remember this story and know it could be worse.

TL;DR:Shy boy snaps over false accusations. Yelled at EM and got rescued by NG from the false accusations.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thx for Gold o0 (rly, wouldn't had thought that it's worth it o.0) /nSome background: my parents are out of town for the next few days, so they decided to have my grandparents watch over me and my brother while they're gone. Thing is, they're extremely old fashioned and hate technology and basically everything that even hints at being homosexual or trans. So you can imagine what might've gone down when he saw me using my phone at *gasp* 8:45 PM right by a trans pride flag I had placed in my room earlier. 

Anyways, this was 20 minutes after I got home from a 2 hour jazz band(via bike I might add) this after school, and that was preceded by me staying after school until about 4:30 to help my friend atudy, so I had basically been in school from 7:45-4:30 with a hour and a half to do my homework, then jazz from 6 to 8. 


OFG - old fashioned grandpa(or old fucking grape, whatever floats your boat)

Me: microwaved egg


Ofg: *knocks on my door then proceeds to open it, negating the use of knocking*

Me: hey abuelo, I'd appreciate it if you knocked on my door and wait for me to answer. Anyways, did something happen? You dont normally walk upstairs to my room

Ofg: why are you on your phone at this hour, you should be finishing your homework

Me: I had a long day at school, mom told you I had jazz band today but my friend was struggling with Chinese, so I stayed after school for an hour, and abuela called about it, she said it was fine, so I did my homework after I got home from that then went to band. I've already done my homework, a long time ago. 

Ofg: hey, back in my day kids had it way harder than you with less breaks, kids in your generation are so soft and- *he notices the trans flag by my bed* TimelySeaweed what the hell is this

Me, mildly lying through the dysphoria: oh, one of my friends is trans, he got it for me during pride month 

Ofg: I cant believe you right now! Going out of your way to display something so wrong in your room! Your friend is going to hell and so are you for supporting his lifestyle!

Me, trying to be as polite as possible despite taking extreme offense to that: abuelo, please get out of my room. You came up here for a reason, and it is a bit infuriating how you aren't getting to the point and instead complaining about me

Ofg: I've changed my point, your phone's are the problem! Being influenced to transgender(um abuelo  this ain't a verb)by social media is gonna ruin your life! Give me the phone!

Me: um, no? I have every right to watch netflix on here after a long day. Besides, mom lets me chill in my room with the phone, and she makes the rules here and even though she isnt here, her rules still stand. Every other guest here has respected that. 

Ofg: No, i make the rules here now, and give me the phone and the password! I'm gonna delete every app I see that seems to be corrupting you and I'm gonna delete that trans friends phone number!! *he tries to grab at my phone*

Me: I payed for more than half of that phone, I can legally report you for theft if you try to steal it

Ofg: I PAYED FOR THAT PHONE(lmao what, me my mother and my father did) AND I AM YOUR GRANDFATHER WHICH MEANS THAT IS MY PHONE NOW GIVE ME THE PASSWORD 

Me: abuelo, I'm not gonna give you the phone and I cant just give you the password, as it is my fingerprint I can just give you that

Ofg: *scary incoherent screaming that I cant understand but I think I heard phone addiction and I am your grandfather somewhere in it*

Me: get the hell away from me!

I started to book it to the bathroom, which has a lock on it, and when I lock the door to it, I immediately text my mother about it, because I mean, attempted robbery and screeching my ears off and not to mention severe transphobia. 

My grandfather eventually stopped screaming at me through the door, and I went back to my room. He had taken my flag and put it in the trash. It's time I invested in a lock for my bedroom


*update* 

My mom responded to my texts while I was at school. It was a long ass text so I'll just sum it up as my older brother is probably gonna be 18 the next time they leave for a trip, so it's fine if he watches me as opposed to my grandparents/n