Earlier this year, AncestryDNA had a sale on their kit. I thought it would be a great gift idea so I bought 6 of them for Christmas presents. Today my family got together to exchange presents for our Christmas Eve tradition, and I gave my mom, dad, brother, and 2 sisters each a kit. 

As soon as everyone opened their gift at the same time, my mom started freaking out. She told us how she didn’t want us taking them because they had unsafe chemicals. We explained to her how there were actually no chemicals, but we could tell she was still flustered. Later she started trying to convince us that only one of us kids need to take it since we will all have the same results and to resell extra kits to save money. 

Fast forward: Our parents have been fighting upstairs for the past hour, and we are downstairs trying to figure out who has a different dad. 

TL;DR I bought everyone in my family AncestryDNA kit for Christmas. My mom started freaking. Now our parents are fighting and my dad might not be my dad. 

Update:  Thank you so much for all the love and support. My sisters, brother and I have not yet decided yet if we are going to take the test. No matter what the results are, we will still love each other, and our parents no matter what. 

Update 2: CHRISTMAS ISN’T RUINED! My FU actually turned into a Christmas miracle. Turns out my sisters father passed away shortly after she was born. A good friend of my moms was able to help her through the darkest time in her life, and they went on to fall in love and create the rest of our family. They never told us because of how hard it was for my mom. Last night she was strong enough to share stories and photos with us for the first time, and it truly brought us even closer together as a family. This is a Christmas we will never forget. And yes, we are all excited to get our test results. Merry Christmas everyone!

P.S. Sorry my mom isn’t a whore. No you’re not my daddy. /nThe overhead fan in our bedroom uses one of those compact halogen light bulbs. 

6 years ago the bulb burned out and got really dim, just barely a glow. I bought a replacement bulb but when I put that one in it was also barely lighting up so I realized the unit was bad.  

The fan still worked GREAT, it literally is the best fan I’ve ever had because it moves a ton of air and is super quiet. The fan had also been a gift when we moved into our house, the unit cost over $400 so I didn’t really want to replace it even though our bedroom doesn’t get much natural light so it is pretty dark. 


So since then over the years my wife and I have had to make due with no overhead light. We open the windows during the day, and at night use a combination of bedside lamps and the bathroom light. It’s never really as good of lighting as an overhead lamp so I keep some flashlights up there for when we are cleaning or looking for something etc. 

After 6 years of living in the dark, this winter I just decided I would replace the damn thing. But before I did, I decided to try one last time with another bulb because, however unlikely, it’s possible BOTH bulbs I had tried were bad. 

So I’m up there installing the new bulb, grab the remote (the fan has a remote) and as I’m turning the light on I realize:

The goddamn thing is dimmable. 


For 6 fucking years we lived with the inconvenience of no overhead light and the whole time it was just because the damn thing was set to “dim”. 

Fuck me. 

TL;DR

For 6 years I lived with no bedroom light because the overhead lamp was broken, but turns out it it was fine and it was just set to a dim setting the whole time. /nToday was the day I realised I messed up by not realising sooner and just thinking my content was shit 

For the last 12 months I've been commenting on peoples posts, I've created my own posts. I haven't had a single upvote or reply to anything.. my karma has been at 885 for as long as I can remember so I just figured I wasnt very interesting (still likely true!)

Last month I started to try and see my own posts through guest accounts and figured out they weren't showing, I could still clearly see my comments and posts on my account. 

Anyway, I finally mailed the help team and found out my IP was accidentally mixed in with some action to take out spammers, if you can see this it's all sorted now (and if you cant, I'm still in my own little Truman show)

If you're procrastinating (and let's face it, you are) feel free to go through my post history and verify the lack of any human engagement..

TL;DR I was muted one year ago and didn't notice. Since then I've spent the whole time thinking how boring I must be because nobody replies  or updoots me.. :-/

Edit: So I've gone from castaway to a full room of people handing me little arrows! Wilson and I thank you xx

Edit 2: this is crazy! Thanks to everyone for all the jewels and things I know nothing about. I'll figure it out and pay it forwards! Special thanks to those that are answering my unanswered questions from previous posts - MVPs!

Please dont be too sad about this, i find it kind of funny that I've been such an idiot for so long. It's ok to laugh with/at me :)

Edit 3: Reddit is awesome. I've missed you guys! Dont feel mad at the mods, its a tough and thankless job and flooders/bots are a real PITA. Its just one of those things and I thank them for putting in the hours.

I also want to use this very brief soap box to raise awareness for mental health. Most of us here use Reddit as an escape, some people here have fewer friends irl than they do on the net. Make sure each other are ok every once in a while (if someone goes missing, like for more than a month....) - if you see someone struggling send them a message of support, even a stranger can help.

I love all of you weirdos <3

Edit 4: No more I promise. I'm completely overwhelmed by the response and the nice feedback. I'm trying to answer all of the questions but its difficult to keep up. I created an /AMA when this thread went down, if you relate to any of the topics close to me like diabetes, gaming, mental health, parenting etc then keep in touch. Heres a shameless pic of me with the best doggo in the world (and authentication for mods) - he listens to me even when you guys dont ;-) https://imgur.com/EgCbe6W

Stop giving me gold! I appreciate it but give to charity instead! Heres something different we could do <3
https://www.reddit.com/r/Charity/comments/bbok3m/redditors_lets_do_something_different_for_charity/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x/nThis is his now ex-wife.

Did he not realize, or too dumb to remember we share everything, including the same Reddit app? I logged on to see this throwaway as the default login account.

I’ve removed all of this personal story for my family’s protection and changed this account’s password. Although it might be too late and already circulated online.

I took a look through the comments and was seriously disgusted by most of the responses suggesting to sexually approach both of us last night. Which my sister did mention he tried something in the middle of the night, this guy is incredibly living in another world!

I’m only posting this to reassure everyone thinking he got away with it, that these types of scumbags DO NOT.

I came home yesterday with my sister to pack my shit. I saw his update saying I seemed alright, but I was keeping it in for the next morning.

Reason we slept in the living-room is because I didn’t want him to see my bags in the corner of the bedroom, he came home suddenly before I finished packing. It wasn’t “fun camping” or a “picnic”.

This morning, before he woke-up, we grabbed the rest of my stuff and left.

I went to the bank and froze our joint account before he irresponsibly starts taking cash out.

I’m not seeing him anymore, going to lawyer up, give away all this Reddit gold to the comments that I feel were actually reasonable, and divorce his ass.

Oh, and if you can read this, I’ve deleted the tracking app ;) my lawyer will call you to unfreeze your share and take the steps to unlink me from any other tracking apps you might have on me.

TL;DR: His life is ruined./nSo this happened a few days ago and I’m still not sure I’m 100% ready to tell the story but here goes.

I’ve been with my girlfriend for about a year and I already know she is the love of my life. She’s perfect for me. We’re perfect for eachother. We’re getting ready to move in with eachother and I want nothing more than to start a family with her and spend the rest of my life with her.

We went on a short vacation last week and when we returned she gave me her phone to look at some photos from the trip. 

She went to the bathroom while I had her phone, and as I was scrolling through the pictures it kind of jumped to a period that was about a year and a half ago. If you have an iPhone you know what I’m talking about, you scroll a little bit too fast and all of a sudden you’re back at the start of the photo album. It’s annoying as hell.

But some photos caught my eye. Some photos that I really shouldn’t be seeing, of her and a previous boyfriend.

There she is, the love of my life, TRYING to get her mouth around the biggest dick I’ve ever seen in my life. I’ve watched porn - a lot. I’ve never seen a dick like this. I’m talking bigger than 2 coke cans stacked on top of eachother. Longer and thicker. As far as I could tell she was unable to get her teeth around it.

I could see another thumbnail of her comparing the size of his dick to her forearm with a look of wonder and glee on her face.

I closed the pictures and I’ve acted like nothing has happened, but I cannot get these images out of my mind. I’ve never been self-conscious about my dick size - in fact if you believe the stats I’m significantly above average, but this has destroyed my self esteem.

We haven’t had sex since. I can’t concentrate on my work. I just wish I had never seen those damn pictures.

TL;DR accidentally saw some pictures of the love of my life sucking the biggest dick on earth and my stupid male ego is destroyed

UPDATE: There’s a lot of people assuming that this was a one-night-stand. It wasn’t. She was with this guy for 3 years./nRecently, I traveled to Denver, Colorado with my wife and my wife's parents.  As a resident of a non-legalized state -- and as someone who is too much of a pussy to regularly buy illegal drugs -- the thing I was looking forward to most was the chance to buy fancy legal weed.  What could possibly go wrong?

So the first thing I do upon arriving (and after successfully ditching the in-laws) is drag my wife to a nearby dispensary for a shopping spree.  And oh my god, it was just like in my dreams.  Tons of different options in neat little sample jars and a team of helpful stoners walking me through the various strains:  

"Are you looking for a mellow body high?  Or do you want something that gives you a bit more pep and energy?  Or are you just hoping for something light to take the stress off?"

"Yes, yes and yes!"  I reply eagerly, like a fat kid in a candy store, and request an eighth-ounce of about 7 different options.  In hindsight, if I learned anything from this experience, it is that my math and science teachers never taught me basic information, like "what is an ounce?" or "how much weed can a person consume in a single weekend?"  Sure, I can tell you when two speeding trains leaving separate stations will collide or recite Avogadro's Number, but it turns out that **none** of that information is particularly relevant to getting high in a responsible and efficient manner.

And it was at this dispensary that I also learned that you can't actually smoke in public places (including the hotel that my wife and I were staying at).  As a result, before leaving, I begged my wife to buy some edibles that I could munch on until we found a place to properly get lit.  After expressing shock as to the absurd volume of drugs that we were buying (unlike me, she is the product of private school and understands the Imperial measurement system) she relents, and we walk out of the store with what felt like a dump truck of weed plus a small package of seemingly-innocuous gingersnap cookies.

When we finally get back to the hotel room, I tear those bad boys open... only to find about a dozen tiny cookies roughly the size of a quarter.  What the fuck, Denver?  Seeing the skepticism (and hunger) in my eyes, my wife warns me that I should go easy and look at the back of the package first before trying one.

"Dose size: 1/2 cookie," I read silently as I start taking micro-bites from the edges, like a giant chinchilla gnawing on a sunflower seed.  But what kind of a savage only eats half a cookie?  So a second later, I covertly pop the remainder into my mouth. 

And then I quickly stuff another two cookies in my mouth for good measure the moment my wife turns her back.  We may not have legal weed back home, but I routinely devour an entire package of Milanos in one sitting without breaking a sweat.  Your move, tiny gingersnaps.   

About 30 minutes later we are in the backseat of her parents' rental car on the way to dinner.  And that's when things start to go tits-up.  My stomach growls.  Loudly and angrily.  My wife looks at me with inquisitive eyes that seem to say "Diarrhea?"  But I merely clutch my tummy and mumble something about altitude sickness.

"You didn't eat a whole cookie, did you?" she asks, 10% in genuine concern and 90% in seething irritation.

"Of course not." I respond, avoiding eye contact for the remainder of the car ride.

A few minutes later we are climbing out of her parents' rental car and heading into some trendy farm-to-table restaurant.  I don't remember how I made it to my seat, and I don't remember even looking at the menu, but I do remember the concerned look on the waiter's face as he asked me if I was doing alright.

"Keep it together, man,"  I say to myself.  But my wife's sudden groan suggests that I may have also said that to the waiter.  Things are going downhill fast.

The waiter nods sympathetically, takes our orders, and then heads to the next table. 

The moment he walks away, my wife is staring daggers at me.  I start to worry that the jig is up.  

"You are sweating... from your entire face," she says with both pity and disgust.  Not quite knowing what to do, I reach for my napkin and proceed to blot my cheeks, nose, neck, chin and forehead.  

At this point, my wife's mom looks over at me with some concern.  "Are you alright?" she asks kindly.

"Yeah, the food's just a bit spicy," I reply, far too quick to realize that we had literally just ordered and that there is **nothing** on the table except for a basket of dinner rolls.   

My wife kicks me under the table to grab my attention. 
"Bathroom. Now." she hisses. "Get it together."  I reluctantly get up from the table and head for the toilet.  After splashing several handfuls of water on my face, I approach a urinal and start to pee.  

Now, one of the more disconcerting effects of those tiny gingersnap monsters is the feeling that time has become untethered from reality.  As I am peeing, I start to get the very unsettling feeling that I have been taking a piss for the better part of an hour and that my wife must be pacing around the restaurant worried about me.

But deep down I know that is absurd:  I've been peeing all my life, sometimes multiple times a day.  I've probably taken more than 50,000 leaks, and it usually only takes about a minute at most.  So given that my typical pee is no more than 60 seconds -- and given that it feels like I am about half way done -- that means that I've probably only been standing here about 30 seconds, right?

But the guy at the urinal next to me doesn't respond, and instead starts shuffling away from me mid-stream, like a startled penguin.  I try, albeit unsuccessfully, to break eye-contact. 

After finally finishing, I again splash some water on my face and return to my seat, making sure to apologize to the table "for being gone such a long time" just in case my math was off. 

Next, I try briefly to engage in small talk with my wife's father, but I am far too high to understand what either of us are saying.  Not wanting to start laughing uncontrollably at the wrong moment --
 or, really, at any moment -- I figure the safest idea is to nod my head periodically and drink a ton of water.  Nothing cures mental fatigue like water, right?  To my wife's horror, I stand up, grab my water glass and thrust it out to the waiter, who unfortunately is on the opposite side of the restaurant.  But he turns out to be really cool and, after making his way over to our table, tells me that he'll do his best to keep me stocked with ice water for the rest of the meal.  He also helpfully suggests that if the dinner rolls aren't too spicy for me, I should probably eat one or two so that I'm not sitting there on an empty stomach.

Smart man. 

However, after going through all of the bread on the table and three glasses of water, I start to get worried that I need actual food to offset the growing paranoia from those tiny gingersnap devils.  "Do you think I should flag down the waiter again and ask what's taking so long?" I suggest helpfully to my wife.

"What?! We literally just ordered three fucking minutes ago."

And at that exchange, my wife loses her cool.  "HOW MANY COOKIES DID YOU EAT?!" she demands.

"Whoa, easy there, Torquemada," I respond, somewhat horrified at her outburst.  "I had a few cookies, but keep it down.  I don't want your parents to know how fucked up I am right now."

"REALLY?!  THEY ARE SITTING TWO FEET AWAY FROM YOU.  THEY KNOW."

I look up and for the first time notice both of my in-laws just staring at me... for what literally felt like an eternity.

TL;DR: ate way too many edibles on a trip and wigged out during a dinner with my wife and her parents.


EDIT:  Wow!  Thanks everyone for all the love (and for even some of the hate)!  I think I have officially peaked in life.

As for Part II of the story, there's a reason -- or, technically, 3 delicious reasons -- why it was cut short.  At that point, my wife's singular focus was on getting me out of the restaurant before I either puked all over the table or pissed myself (or an unsightly combination of both).  So after a few spastic, two-handed waves "good-bye" to my in-laws, she rushed me to the door like a Secret Service agent evacuating the president.  My night after that was a whirlwind of barfing and groveling, mixed with a few vain attempts at "getting handsie" back in the hotel room.  But being the absolute awesome sweetie that she is, my wife stuck with me through the whole nightmare, whispering over and over in my ear: "Please don't die, we have a mortgage."/nI'm a 32 year old woman who can never go back to my new dentist after two visits because I'm an idiot. 

My dentist is a very nice and professional man. Our first appointment was going pretty smoothly until he made some innocuous remark about us "being strangers." My immediate reply was "oh, you're not a stranger! You've been inside of my mouth for 20 minutes!" I did NOT intend to make a sexual joke. His face turned red and he was clearly embarrassed but he continued on like a true professional and we were probably both relieved when the appointment was over. 

I had my second dentist appointment today. I actually mentally prepared myself to be a model patient who didn't say anything weird, thank you very much. He had been working in my mouth for about 5 minutes when he started to seem really uncomfortable or something. His face was red and he was breathing a little heavier. I was a bit concerned and also confused. Like how could I have embarrassed him this time? I had hardly spoken! So he keeps working in there and then I realize what the hell is happening. My dentist was wearing grape flavored gloves. I had been absentmindedly licking his fingers the whole time. 

Never going back.

TL;DR  Today I fucked up by licking my dentist/nThis happened to me yesterday and I'm still baffled.

It all started when I posted a comparison picture of a dog which looks like the actor William H. Macy. I couldn't stop laughin over it but I never thought it would gain so much attention. 

However it ended up on the front page with much more upvotes I could have imagined. This alone was crazy for me because I never expected to have a submission on the front page.

When I checked my phone the next morning my reddit inbox exploded over the sheer amount of youtube links I received. I checked them and found my submission on the latest Jimmy Kimmel Show with Reddit Co-Founder Alexis Ohanian. I was mind blown over this.

They proceeded talking over reddit users and Jimmy ended up checking my history. Well I hardly ever post filthy stuff but I commented on a NSFW TIFU a few days ago and I think Jimmy thought it was my submission at the short glance he took.

Keep in mind they even named and showed my username - he made it look like there was a lot of filthy stuff going on in my history so this was quite embarrassing for me and Im getting a lot of crazy messages now.

I don't know if this perfectly qualifies for a TIFU but on the one hand it felt like one, when he revealed my history with 'filthy stuff' as he said. On the other hand it's just cool and a story to tell. However I regret nothing!

tl;dr: Jimmy Kimmel had Reddit Co-Founder Alexis Ohanian as a guest. They ended up browsing my reddit history and Jimmy made it look like there's filthy stuff going on.

Link to the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vzkw2zD7gE&t=9s (starts at 2:10)


OH and thanks for the gold! Things are going so fast here I didnt even see it until now. Thank you unknown and kind strangers!

/nThis literally just happened. I was discussing this subreddit with a guy (we’ll call him M) I’m flirting with... and we come across the hot sauce story, felt like it sounded like our mutual friend (he can be called B)

So I take a screenshot and go to send it on FB messenger to send to B.... muscle memory kicks in and I send the photo so quick my camera roll hadn’t updated... I accidentally sent a nude I’d taken half hour earlier. 

This wouldn’t be an issue usually... but this guy is like a brother figure. He’s not answering his phone so I’ve just spammed the fuck out of the conversation to stop it popping up.

All the while I’m on the phone to M, the initial intended recipient....who is also in a band with B. 


For anyone curious here’s me [trying to claw it back](https://imgur.com/gallery/888ILDh)

TLDR; tried to send a screenshot to a friend. Sent my tits instead.  Ughhhhhhhhhhh

Update: if this gets 666 upvotes I’ll post the photo.

Edit: hi Dan. I know you’re lurking ahahahhaha

Update: I love you all. You’ve cured my depression. Let me be your [big tiddy goth gf](https://imgur.com/a/WqWZqtc)

Edit: Oh my god gold!!!!!


*I NOW KNOW FB MESSENGER HAS A DELETE FUNCTION* thanks, I hate it./nEDIT: I got an AMA thread now. Help me: 

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/6rwl9z/tifu_by_being_the_guy_who_cummed_into_a_coconut/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=new&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=tifu


This TIFU didn't happen today but quite a few years back. For obvious reasons I'm using a throwaway account as my family knows my main reddit username. 

-------------------------

Anyway, around 8 years back I lived in Northern Mozambique, a coastal southern African country with quite a warm climate. My mother at the time was going through a 'health nut' phase and only buying foods she deemed healthy enough. One of these was coconuts. She would buy several coconuts a week to use in food from the local market.


Anyway, being a horny teenager I fapped in regular intervals. Unfortunately there was some severely stressful examinations coming up for me and as such my fapping reached a higher peak then usual and I was feeling pretty sexually frustrated. One day I hear that my mother is going to be out for pretty much the entire afternoon. Horny me decides that it would be a fantastic idea to fuck a coconut. Honestly to this day I can't fathom why I thought that would be a good idea but my train of thought back then was clearly somewhat clogged. 


I end up grabbing the coconut drill and through 20ish minutes of *concerted* effort end up creating a hole large enough for me to stick my porker into. I decide it requires some lube and grab the nearest slippery thing (some butter) before shoving it into the coconut followed shortly by my meat. I fuck the coconut and it actually feels pretty damn good so I blow my load, shove the coconut under my bed and continue about my day. 

--------------------

For the next week the coconut is my saviour. Whenever I want to get off I simply take it out and fuck it in its *delightfully* tight hole made better each time by accumulating volumes of my semen and butter acting as a lubricant. It's heaven. Now before I continue I'd best mention that at the time our area was experiencing quite humid, muggy weather which exacerbated an already existing fly problem. Disgustingly fat, bloated flies were commonly found around our house and the exterminators couldn't really do anything because it was a localized area problem that would "go away in the winter". 


About a week and a bit after the initial coconut fuck (I had been using it pretty much every day since then) I begin to notice a few more flies than usual as well as an odd, unpleasant smell about my room. Must be the coconut right? So I decide that I'll fuck it once more before I throw it out and get a new one.


**Worst mistake I have ever made.**


You see, the reason for the increased number of flies was that the coconut was evidently, in hindsight, a nearly perfect place to lay eggs. As I penetrate the coconut one last time I begin to feel a strange wriggling sensation. Puzzled, I pull my cock out to discover that it is COVERED in rotted and moldy butter and semen and *TEEMING WITH TINY FUCKING MAGGOTS*. They were wriggling all over my dick head and some were even trying to force their way up into my urethra. 


I screamed, and threw the coconut against the wall which made the situation worse by spilling the contents. Hours of vigorous cock scrubbing, vomiting, and cleaning the remnants were spent reflecting on what the fuck I was doing with my life. 


**Never again. NEVER AGAIN.**


TL;DR Don't fuck coconuts.



EDIT: Jesus this exploded. I'm glad my maggoty experience made some people laugh, because I sure cry everytime I think back to it.

EDIT 2: RIP inbox

EDIT 3: Thanks for the gold. It eases my shame a little. I'm thinking of doing an AMA for you more curious individuals. Maybe if the post hits 10K - it's quite uncomfortable to discuss though as the visceral memories come back

EDIT 4: My shame has never been this large. 47.1K upvotes. My story of coconut fucking is now permanently etched into reddit's history. Lord save me./nToday I had been looking forward to the qualifying for the Formula 1 this weekend, and was browsing Reddit whilst also watching some older Formula 1 footage on YouTube. So it got me wondering, “Some of these races used to really get me super excited for them, now they’re just boring and far too controlled”. So I posed the question to /r/Formula1 to ask their opinions also. Shortly after posting, it transpired that the way I had asked the question could be perceived as...A little...’Hitlerish’. Check out the link below ~~smash that subscri~~. It somehow grabbed the attention of many people, and managed to get to #1 of /r/all and now my inbox is broken. Unfortunately for me, I am very anally retentive with things such as e-mails, texts, etc. that I must open every single one. It would actually play on my mind so badly that I wouldn’t be able to sleep if I didn’t open them, so I must open and read EVERY GODDAMN COMMENT. Probably the worst thing to have to feel the need to do if you plan on making it to the front page. I thought it was slowing down, because it got to a point where I was reading messages faster than they were coming, and the number of notifications was going down. But then, ~~everything changed when the fire nat~~ USA woke up. And I’ve been playing catch-up ever since. Took an opportunity to make this post since the message count was less than 100. Let’s see what I go back to now...

Link: https://www.reddit.com/r/formula1/comments/bnaceq/if_you_could_eliminate_a_race_within_the_year/

EDIT: Thank you for the gildings you’re all giving me, it’s rather overwhelming.

The original post has now made it to be #1 post of all time in /r/Formula1 somehow. 

As of 19:42PM GMT, I still have over 600 responses to read through. I will be reading them all, but I won’t necessarily be responding to them all.

I’m really glad that I could make a lot of you smile and laugh today, that wasn’t the original intention, but it’s a great positive to take away from this experience!

EDIT 2: UPDATE - At around 20:20PM GMT, I opened up AlienBlue on my iPad to read these comments faster than on the official Reddit app, and when I started from there I had 934 unread messages. 20 minutes later, reading the messages and making some replies, I now have 976 unread messages -.-

EDIT 3: UPDATE - It’s now 21:09PM GMT, I did have my inbox down to about 900 at one point, but now it’s back up in the 4 digits. I am seriously sleep deprived right now, I have been awake since 16:00PM yesterday, being unable to sleep due to coughing fits. Finally they’ve subsided and I’m feeling really tired now, so I shall pick up reading and responding tomorrow. Goodnight to you all, very bizarre experience today. I honestly didn’t think this TIFU post would blow up like my first post, but it seems to have done so much faster and on a much larger scale. 

EDIT 4: Finally I’m able to read the comments and messages faster than they are coming in. Back down under 1000 left to go now, and it’s been a truly interesting experience. I didn’t realise how quickly and openly people would comment something racist, I also didn’t expect some of the truly deplorable messages I have received, but thankfully they have been in the minority. It’s 6:00AM GMT here so time to soldier on until the end of the inbox!

EDIT 5: Final edit, I’m now up to date with all my inbox now, 10:17AM. It’s been great to see this happen, and I’m sorry to those who thought Reddit was accepting casual racism for a brief moment

TL;DR - Made a post asking a question, worded it wrong and now everyone thinks I’m a racist bastard./nTLDR at the bottom- 

Well I recently started a new job about 5-6 months ago, doing some tech work (trying not to be too specific). With that being said I’m pretty young, 24, definitely the youngest that works there why far. I also mostly work with other men, 30-40. 

We have a GroupMe for the store I work at, which includes the owner, the manager and 5-6 other employees.
The previous night I had been feeling a little frisky and desired to take some pictures/videos for the guy that I was with at the time. No biggie right? 
The next morning I had work, go in as normal, pretty busy day actually. Noon rolls around and I needed to post a picture to the groupme about a issue I was having with a computer I was working on. 
I typed what I needed to said clicked the camera roll icon and just as I clicked the picture, a customer came up and started asking me a question, I hit send without thinking and go on about my day. I should also probably say that by this time I was working alone and closing so no one else was around. The customer who came in kept me pretty busy for 30-45 mins, when they finally left I went to check my phone and saw I had a bunch of missed calls from my boss... at first I thought he was just calling me about the question I had, while the phone was ringing, I went back to look at the groupme, to my horror I CLICKED NOT JUST A PICTURE FROM THE NIGHT BEFORE, BUT THE WHOLE DAMN VIDEO. My heart dropped, instantly when I realized what happened my boss picked up the phone, he began questioning me about what my “intentions” where with the video and that he’s never had anyone do such a disrespectful act in the company before. I tried to explain but needless to say that was my last day working there. Lol on the bright side the coworker I had a crush on...finally got his attention. 🤷🏼‍♀️😂 


TLDR: tried to send a picture of a customers problem to my employee groupme, turns out I send an entire nude video of myself, still got the guy in the end! 

Edit: please stop upvoting for the love of godddd


Edit: since it stopped climbing, fuck it, here’s the video 
https://imgur.com/a/eJfs0uy/nObviously a throwaway. 

To put things into perspective, I (M 20) and my GF (F 21) had been dating/together for four and a bit years. Typical high school sweethearts, we wanted to move away and start our own lives after college. 

We decide to spice things up a bit and “open” up our relationship a little. It was pretty much a join decision but looking back she was kind of insistent on the whole “sex is fun” idea.

She is on a night out with some friends when she phones me and asks if the whole open relationship thing is still cool, explaining she’s met a guy (M 24) and asks for me to pay for a hotel because she wasn’t working at the time. I agreed. I tell her to go for it, and she does. She texts me to say she had a good night and that all was well.

The week after, she mentions she’s meeting up with this guy again. Wasn’t expecting it but I’m cool with it. Again, asks for me to pay for her hotel. A decision I would live to regret. She doesn’t text me the entire night. Weird, but okay maybe she’s just having a good time?

The next day I receive a load of messages about how she needs a “break” from “everything” right now. Meeting this guy has apparently opened her eyes. A little more conversation and we’re over. She’s completely cut me out of her life. I check her snap chat story, and of course, she’s with him. I’ve heard from her friends that they’re dating now. 

TLDR; Agreed to an open relationship, basically paid for my girlfriend to find someone better and dump me./nMy son was born with a condition called Pectus Excavatum. In layman’s terms, his chest is sunken in. His condition was so bad that he only had two and a half inches between his sternum and his spine and his heart and lungs were bruised because of it. In December, he had surgery to correct it and they put two nickel bars in his chest to give it space and train his bones to grow correctly. 

About three weeks after his surgery, a kid punched him and dislodged the top bar and he had to have another surgery to put the bar back in place. The kid has been through a lot. 

Well, the doctor cleared him for most activity last week, just no skateboarding or bike riding but he could now lift his backpack and go hang out with friends and play pick up, non contact sports. Unbeknownst to me, a kid in his class had been bullying him all semester. And because my son was afraid of getting hit again, he just took it. Well, the evening he was cleared he came to me and said, “Dad, I’m cleared now. A kid has been bullying me and hitting me for months. Can I kick his ass?” Well, my son isn’t really a fighter. He’s fought with his brothers but never anyone else, and he’s always gotten his ass kicked. So I just figured he was just talking. But this is the first I had heard about the bullying and I was concerned. I could tell he was distressed about the situation so I told him to knock the fucker out. He just nodded and went to his room. 

Now, his older brother is s tough SOB. He had a traumatic brain injury two years ago and he missed a year of school so he’s in the same grade and coincidentally takes the same class. I talked to him about it and told him to handle it but don’t get in trouble. He told me that the kid walks in every day and punches my son in the head. I asked him why he allowed that to happen and he said he wanted his brother to get tough and once he was tired of getting hit, he would do something about it. While I kinda agree with his thinking, I instructed him to handle it without getting in trouble. 

The next morning I took them both to school then drove back home to get my younger daughter who goes to a different school that starts later. On the way to take her to school, my wife calls me. “Have you taken xxxxx to school yet? Well, after you do, go pick up your son. He got in a fight.” I just assumed it was my oldest son. Imagine my surprise when I walked into the school office to see my younger son with a grin from ear to ear! He was beaming! He pointed to another kid sitting in a chair holding an ice pack on his face. “I warned him.” I was so proud. 

He had walked into class, sat down, and the kid popped him in the head like always. My older son got up to intervene and before he could, my son decked the kid with one punch. He said the kid was bawling on the floor and that it was the best day of his life. He got suspended for three days. 

TL;DR I gave my son permission to beat up his bully because I didn’t think he would and he did it.

EDIT ONE: The kid who punched my son in the chest was one of his friends. It wasn’t malicious. Just two boys clowning around. He was horrified that he had hurt my son. The bully punched my son in the head every day. Once he found out my son couldn’t do anything about it, he just kept on. My son wasn’t the only one he bullied, either. Also, the bully’s brother came to my son later and told him that he had warned him once my son COULD fight, that he was going to get his ass kicked. 

EDIT TWO: My son has some social anxiety and since the fight he has made a LOT of new friends. He used to hate going to school but now he’s disappointed that school is out for summer. Crazy!

EDIT THREE: Thanks for the precious metals! And holy shit! Front page?!?!/nIf you aren't familiar with the "Major Tom", it's because it's a thing I (hopefully) came up with. It's a form of "auto-erotic asphyxiation" by using gravity.

Basically, you jack off normally; but before you nut, you squat down as low as you can to the ground and breathe short shallow breaths while still whacking it. This part is called "Getting in the shuttle."

As you nut, you jump up from that squatting position as fast as you possibly fucking can and hold your breath. This is considered "Take off."

If performed correctly, you should become VERY lightheaded and experience pure bliss due to the orgasm from your cock rocket. This is called "Being in space" due to the fact you feel like you're floating.

This is a technique that should be performed only by professionals, in a controlled environment. **I, however,** am not a professional despite creating the technique. You see, by hyperventilating and jumping up, you are literally cutting your brain off from oxygen. No oxygen = no consciousness.

When I "Took off" I fucking jumped up at Mach 50 and must've ripped a fucking hole in the goddamn space-time continuum. Because the next thing I know I was laying on the ground with my dick out, covered in space juices from my trip around the sun.

Before I could even pick myself up off the ground, my mom rushed into my room to see if I was okay. She heard my re-entry. This part is called "Disappointing your mother."

You can just imagine the scene she walked into.

She stared at me with a mix of disgust, anger, and again, disappointment. I stared back with what I thought was confidence like I was Buzz Aldrin and just got back from the moon. But thinking back on it, it was probably embarrassment while I was desperately trying to put my space plane back in the hangar while getting on my feet as quickly as possible, and due to the fact, she's never caught me before. (At least not to my knowledge.)

She ended up closing the door and stomping her way back to the living room, presumably to watch more Judge Judy, and to take her mind off of what she just fucking witnessed; or consider disowning me. I cleaned myself up, taking off my spacesuit and putting civilian clothing on. Somehow none of the rocket fuel managed to get in the carpet, just my clothes, and I managed to not even injure myself in the crash.

I'm currently writing this in my room right now, and I don't plan on leaving it anytime soon until I can think of what to say to her. If there is anything to say at all.

**TL;DR: Tried a new experimental masturbatory technique, ended up passing out, mom caught me with my pants down, and now I'm stuck in my room. Planet earth is blue and there's nothing I can do.**

**EDIT: Only do this if you have a safe place to land if you fall. It is EXTREMELY easy to hit your head and die.**

**EDIT 2: [I posted an update. You can read it here.](https://old.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c7xgrn/tifupdate_mission_debriefing_after_the_major_tom/?)**/nTIFU by saving my reddit log in to the computer at my work. I forgot to deselect the box that remembers my log in information and now my co-worker and anyone who uses the work computer has access to my reddit account and can do whatever they want. In fact, I don't even know I've FU yet. My co-worker is hoping that I discover that I FU when I receive replies to this post. Reddit, please let me know I've FU and give my coworker recommendations of how to increase the consequences of staying logged in.

TL;DR: I forgot to log out of my reddit and now my co-worker can do what ever they want, like say the true user of this account has a small penis. But it's coming from me so you know it's credible, and that I, u/MisterWhisler_ am not the slightest bit hung./nMy friend Jenna moved into a nice, new condo last month and I finally got a chance to check it out for the first time today.  I ended up arriving before she got home from work so she told me to let myself in with the spare key under the potted plant and to make myself comfortable.  

I made myself a sandwich and was meandering around eating and checking out her swanky new place when the front door opened and a really large and unfamiliar man with a duffel bag came in.  Dude was intimidating and I'm a 4'11" woman so I was immediately scared.  He looked shocked to see me.  I'm looking at his duffel bag and realizing that I surprised some piece of shit burglar! 

I panicked and threw my sandwich at his face and then locked myself in the bedroom.  I'm shaking and he pounds on the door yelling at me to get the fuck out.  I start screaming at HIM to get the fuck out and that I'm calling the police (total bluff because I didn't have my phone.)  He then yells back that HE is calling the police on ME.  This gives me pause.  At this point, I look around and realize the bedroom I'm in definitely appears to be of the male persuasion.  I ask him through the door if he knows Jenna (last name).  He tells me yes, she is his next door neighbor.  WELL.  Apparently, Jenna's neighbor ALSO keeps a spare key under a potted plant.  

So, today I fucked up by letting myself into my friend's neighbor's place, smacking him in the face with his own sandwich and then screaming at him to get the fuck out of his house.  

TL;DR Today I fucked up by wasting a sandwich./nSo, this is gonna be long and one hell of a ride. NSFW or for anyone, really. And I may not be alive much longer, because I’m probably going to be murdered.

I’m at the bar the other night, watching the Hall of Fame Game. After it’s over, I go over to charge my phone, and get one last drink before I Uber home. This girl sitting next to me, very attractive. Out of my league. Like wayyy out. I’m just scrolling through memes on my phone. And she asks me 

“hey! Can I trust you to watch my things and not drug me?”

 “Uhh what?”

 “Can you watch my stuff while I go pee and not drug me” 

to which the bartender said “oh you can trust Greg, he’s really nice”. Annnd this is where the bartender fucked up.

Girl comes back from the bathroom, sits back down and started to talk to me. Just random shit. Showed pictures of our dogs to each other. Talked about shows n stuff. Typical ‘meet a girl at a bar’ flirting shit. She asks if I’ve ever seen the show Years and Years. I say “no, but I’ve seen the band perform live”. So she goes on about how great the show is, and how I need to watch it. Asks if I have HBOGO. “Yes because I forgot to cancel my cable after GoT”. So she makes me download the APP, so I could start watching it when I get home. Thanks for the recommendation! I’ll probably check it out never. So a few minutes later, she said

 “hey do you live close by?” 

“Yea, like half a mile”

 “we should go watch the show right now, we can curl up on your couch and watch it together. I have a bottle of whiskey in my car”

“Idk, my house is kind of a mess right now”

“That’s okay, I have pets too” (or something like that. All I was thinking was that this girl wants to bang at this point)

“I mean I guess, but I have to be at work early tomorrow”

“That’s okay, I can only stay 30-40 minutes and then I’ll have to go home”
“That’s fine” heh, cuz that’s all the time I’ll need! AM I RIGHT, FELLAS??

No. Nononono, this was probably one of the biggest mistakes of my life at this point.

It’s about, 11pm at this point. I think? And mind you, I’ve only been talking this girl for maybe 20 minutes.

So we tab out, get in her car. Which is a stick shift. And I say “oh no shit, I like you even more now! No one drives a stick anymore! I drive one every day!” Which I’m excited about, because at this point I’m thinking to myself “hmm this girl is hot, has tattoos, likes shows I like, and imma bout to get laid”

We talked about driving a stick shift the whole time on the way to my house (this is important, because it wasn’t the first time that this subject came up). Which is just a half mile away. So was a short drive. She parks behind my car, blocking my car in.

Go inside, I try to clean up a little bit as she meets and plays with my dog. While I try to get my Chromecast set up on my living room TV. Ya know, to “watch HBOGO”.

She runs outside to her to grab the bottle of whiskey.

It’s fucking Evan Williams.

And this is the first time where an “oh no” thought crosses my mind.

Kids, I’ve slept with some strange in my time. I don’t know how or why I get myself into these situations. I honestly feel that I’m a decent looking, charming, sometimes funny, nice person. Sure I troll the fuck out of people on the interwebs, but I do genuinely care about other people. Being nice does pay off, and karma is a real thing. But in this case, I was dead wrong.

So after some talking about random shit. We get the show playing. I couldn’t even tell you what happened in the first few moments of that show, because she gets up grabs me by the hand, and leads me into my bedroom.

Sex.

So after, we’re just laying there. Pillow talk. Was a good night. I just got laid. She asked if she could stay the night. We’re gonna go to sleep. Everything is cool. I let her know that I have to be at work in a few hours, so I need to get some rest.

Now, up to this point in the story, it all sounds like a great night. Pulled off another one night stand. *high fives all around* Right?

Wrong.

I say “that was great we should do this again sometime”

“I don’t think so”

“What why?”

“I don’t think my husband would appreciate that”



I am speechless. I don’t think I’ve ever felt my heart skip that many beats ever. Millions of thoughts crossed my mind all at once. Like, how the fuck did I not see this coming. Omg imma home wrecker. I’m probably gonna get shot of he finds out.

Me: “Ummmmmmm WHAT? Is this an open relationship? Does he know where you’re at? Like, why didn’t you tell me that?”

Her: “idk, does it matter?”

“Uh yeah, I’d be pretty pissed if I was him”


Now I’ve been cheated on before. And that feeling sucks. I’ve been in a similar situation like, 10 years ago. Where I didn’t know that I was sleeping with someone who had a bf at the time. I had found out a couple days later, and I found him on fb and let him know. He thanked me, and didn’t get mad at me at all. Cheating is the worse thing ever.

So this is where shit starts to hit the fan. I don’t remember the exact conversation, but it went something like this:

Her: “we’re getting separated soon”

Me: “well you’re still fucking married to him”

“Yea but that’s okay”

“How is that okay?”

“He’s been..... abusive”


There’s a slight pause, then she starts crying. So this is where the sober me starts to kick in. This girl is struggling. She’s in a bad spot. And no one should ever lay a finger on a woman. And now I’m trying to empathize with this trashy Evan Williams drinking bitch. Like I legit felt bad from all the shit that she was telling me.

Que the panic attack.

She starts going nuts. Ripping posters off my wall, running around my house butt naked. Knocking shit over. Basically trashing my house.

She asks me to get her medicine out of her purse. Which I do. She takes it. And calms down. (For the most part).

Now this is like, 2 or 3 am now. I tell her that we need to go to sleep. Because I have to work in the morning. She tells me “(bartender) was right, you are a really great guy” Btw, Evan Williams isn’t that bad when you’re slightly inebriated and you just had sex with a crazy bitch.

We finally get to sleep around 4? Maybe? I wake up late, she wants round 3. And who doesn’t like morning sex. I’m still kinda drunk at this point, and could give 0 fucks. So I gave her a fuck.

Anyways, I need to leave for work. But her car is blocking mine. I tell her that she needs to move hers, but she can’t because she didn’t know where her clothes were. And told me I couldn’t move it because “I didn’t know how to drive it” 

“Uhh, this is the third time we’ve had this conversation. I drive a stick every day, I can move your car”

I move her car. I leave for work. And I just let her stay at my house. I let her stay because one, the shit that she told me about her husband is pretty crazy. Two, I was already running late, and fuck it she’ll probably leave before I get home.

A couple hours into my shift, she stops responding to my texts. I get concerned, because I’m starting to sober up, and piecing all this shit together. I came to the conclusion that I should find the husband on fb, and message him, letting him know what happened.... BUT, I see that she had already messaged him. FROM MY FACEBOOK ACCOUNT! My computer was still logged into fb when I left, and I didn’t think to log out or shut it off or anything.

I tell my boss about everything that has happened up until this point. He lets me go home. When I get home, I find her still naked in my bed. I get her friend to get her an Uber. And I leave. Oh also had the sex one more time because 🤷‍♂️.

Go back to work. Thinking everything is over. That’s the end of that. Wrong again.

I get home from work, to find her on my couch wearing one of my shirts. And only that shirt. Like vag all out and everything. This girl is afraid to go home. Which I’m worried about at this point. Because I want her to go somewhere safe. She’s refusing to reach out to any friends and what not.

Oh yea, she had me find her phone. Which had 40 something messages and 28 missed calls from her husband. And several others from other people.

She hands me $20 to order a pizza. And after we eat the pizza, she’d Uber home. Fuckin bet. I ordered the pizza, and she wanted one last round of the sex before the pizza got there.

I kid you not. I’m sitting on one end of the couch, her on the other. And she just opens her legs and says “make it quick”

This bitch has already hit and kicked me, trashed my house, and I’m just ready for her to leave.

Sex.

After, we’re just sitting there, and she starts crying again. Asking to go home. And I’m like 

“I’ll get you an Uber home, but you gotta put pants on”
“No”

“What do you mean ‘no’? You can’t get in an Uber with your pussy out”

“No”


So I gather up all of her belongings and clothes. And try to help her get dressed. To which she refused to allow me to do.

Most guys will agree, one of the hottest things ever... That “arch” thing that women do when you’re pulling their panties off is a fucking amazing feeling.

#I had the same feeling when I got her panties ON.

Pizza arrives. I go outside, sign for the pizza n stuff. Come back inside. Panties are off again. God dammit.

We never even opened the pizza box. She’s saying that she wants to go home. But is refusing to get dressed. I’m starting to panic myself. Because I don’t know how I got myself into this situation. But, am me.

She eventually hands me her phone, with the conversation that’s she having with her husband. And I read through the conversation, it’s her sending multiple texts saying “I’m so sorry babe” “idk where I’m at” “come get me”. And him saying “nope sorry” “this is on you” and “call 911”

That last one though. That’s what I did.

Before I called 911, I offered to drive her car back to the bar where we met, because I knew the husband would give her a ride back there. And not to my house. Because now I’m starting to worry about my safety. I don’t want homeboy to show up on my porch with a shotty. But then again she states that “you don’t know how to drive my car” with it being a stick and all. Even though this is 4th or 5th time this was brought up in conversation.

I told them that I have an inebriated woman in my house that is refusing to leave, even though she wants to leave. Etc. I tried to call our one mutual friend, (the bartender from the previous night) but she didn’t answer.

The ~20 minutes before the cops arrived were the most awkward 20 minutes of my life. This girl is drunk crying. Trying to get me to go for yet another round. Where at this point, my dick hurts. Also, “girl you need to get dressed, you’re gonna be going home”

Finally got her panties back on, I didn’t tell her that I had called the cops. I told her that the Uber was coming. And was trying to get her to put her pants on.

Cops show up, I go outside. Explain the situation, was kind of freaking out. But I kept my calm. I told them that I was concerned about her safety, because of all the shit that she told me about her husband. But they can’t force her to go anywhere she didn’t want to. She wanted to go home. Officers ask if she was presentable. I pop my head back in the door. She’s still wearing my shirt and her panties. So I’m like “I guess?”, and then I let them in.

She yells “are you fucking serious? You called the cops?” 
“Uh yea, you didn’t wanna leave. Even though you said you did. Plus your husband said to call 911, so that’s what I did”

The officer said to her “you’re on this man’s property, and he wants you to leave”

Que crying and what not.

Cops ask me to gather all of her stuff. Which I do. Her husband calls her phone, so I accept the call, and then put it up to her face. Tell her to tell him what’s happening. And that she is getting an Uber home. Apparently her card and PayPal was getting declined for the ride. So she couldn’t do it herself. They live like 5 miles away from me, so it was only $8 or something. I live pretty close to downtown, so ordering a Lyft/Uber usually takes 2-3 minutes after calling for one. Once cops tell her that her ride is on the way, and gonna be here within 2 minutes... Girl finally decides to get dressed.

I had to help a 30 year old woman put pants on... I could see the officer’s partner struggling to keep a straight face during that ordeal. Lol.

Anyways, I hand her hat, keys, bra, shirt (she’s still wearing mine) to the officer. Made sure she had all of her belongings. We get her to walk out of my house to the Uber. But she tried to grab the bottle of Evan Williams. To where I audibly laughed. “I don’t think they’ll let you take that”

Cops didn’t let her take it. She got in the Uber and she was gone. Policeman handed me the bottle back. Where I say “usually this is the other way around, ha”

Po-po leave, I call it a night, and it’s over.

Flash forward to today. I get a message from our mutual friend (the bartender) and she’s asking if crazy girls keys are at my house. I was at work at the time. So I wasn’t able to check. But I’m 98% certain I handed those over to the cops. I look for them when I get home. Found nothing.

Oh, and this girls car is still parked across the street from my house.

So that brings us to now. I haven’t heard anything from her. Or the husband. And I’m not sure if it’s safe for me to go home. But ya. Know what? Fuck it. I’m glad I could share this story with y’all. There might be more to come, but you’ll probably have to read about it in my obituary.

The moral of the story is, drug every girl that asks you not to drug them at a bar. 😂

Jk don’t do that.

And don’t stick your dick in crazy.

TLDR: Took a girl home who I didn't know was married. She trashed my house.

Edit: I’m not gonna change “que” to “cue” because fuck you, deal with my mistakes while I deal with mine.

Edit 2: the messages, https://imgur.com/gallery/jju2GIa

Edit 3: her car is still there. Can’t get it towed, because it’s on a public street. I’m still alive. I see a lot of you have sent me messages privately. I’ll get to them when I can.

Edit 4: FML. I sent her a text saying that she needs to come get her car. No response. Bartender texted me late last night and asked if I used a condom. Which many of you have asked.... And no. I didn't. The girl told me that she was on birth control and that she's allergic to latex. So I think I may have been baby baited.

Edit 5: I’m still not dead. Her car is still in front of my across the street neighbor’s house. I just happened to see said neighbor step outside to smoke a cigarette. So I walked across the street to tell her about the circumstances of getting that car towed, since it’s front of their house... This woman is only wearing a bra and either boy shorts or short shorts. And she’s most likely high on meth. Because when I asked her “hey do you wanna get this car that’s in front of your house towed?” She said “no, noooo hehe” I’m like “yea, I’ll talk to y’all tomorrow” just wtf.

**UPDATE**

I’ve been texting a mutual friend of the couple. Apparently the husband is a really good guy, and this has (probably) happened before. I’m in the works of a TIFUpdate. But I’ll need time for editing screenshots and stuff. I’d like to protect the privacy of those involved, but I’m just too lazy to do it right now./nLet me preface this off by blaming all of you, the entirety of reddit for desensitizing me, and giving me major trust issues on April fools day.

So here it goes... Yesterday I got a group text from my wifes (sarah) side of the family stating there was an emergency family meeting happening that night over dinner at my mother in laws (Barb) house. 

I immediately had april fools spidey senses starting to tingle, but we haven't all got together since Christmas so I overlooked it and said we (my wife and I ) were in. 

We were the last to arrive and it was pretty somber when we walked in. We all sat down at the table and my wifes brother (Tim) informed the family that his wife (Ashley)  has been having an affair and they are divorcing. The affair was with a long time close family friend (Chris) who lived a block away.


Chris' wife (jen) had caught them when she came home early one day last week and broke the news to my brother in law Tim. 

Both families have been friends for years. They live less than a block from each other, they each have been married for 15+ years, have 4 kids right around the same age. Honestly, I have always thought both of them were picture perfect families. Hell, all four of them and their kids were at our house two weeks ago for a bbq. 

Anyways after airing a lot of dirty laundry, and their plans to divorce, how it could effect future family functions, and opening it up to the group of any questions... there was silence. 

I broke the silence with laughter and a slow clap. Saying this was the best april fools gag I've ever seen but I wasn't falling for it. I told Ashley and especially Tim they need to consider going into theater, their performances were top notch and tears seemed genuine. 

Being the newest member of the family (my wife and I married 6 months ago) this was probably not the best thing to say in hindsight. I probably should not have said anything. 

Everyone in the room looked horrified. 

My mother in law, who had been crying the entire time, lost all composure. She left the room in hysterics and did not return before we left. 

Tim, just shook his head, and his cheating wife actually let out a brief chuckle before calling me out for being a dumbass for thinking this was a ruse. Then berating me for being so insensitive. 


The rest of the family sat in silence shaking their heads as my wife berated me for trying to make a joke out of a serious situation...


I am still dumbfounded. In hindsight, I probably should have sat in silence... but I honestly still feel like I was calling out an april fools gag. 


#tldr

My borther in law's wife has been cheating on him. They told the family they are getting divorced. I broke the awkward silence with a slow clap and laughter saying I'm no april fool.

*Edit*

Wow this blew up, thanks for the golds and silver.

*Edit 2*

I don't think I'll be posting the nest video of this situation anymore. This blew up and I just got multiple texts from my wife telling me I fucked up even more by posting this as she saw it on the front page.... And I didn't change any names 

*Edit 3.0*

Ok it's been fun everyone, I may see you all again next week with tifu by making a tifu post about divorce that ultimately lead to my own divorce. 

*Edit 4.0*

Uhh this post is getting deleted. It's been fun, just got home from work my wife is pissed.

*Edit 5*

Final edit. Fuck it, this could be me making another bad decision in a series of bad decisions, but my wife said to leave the post up. Apparently it further shows her family, (who is also on Reddit) how big of a dumbass I am.

Thanks for everyone who said I'm not the asshole. I may have autism, but I'm not an asshole. 

*Edit 6*

Once again was wrong, /pinnacleclub what up

Give me a couple days to sleep on releasing the video. I've got it, I've just got to convince my wife to release it. /nLink to OG post! https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/acyy54/tifu_by_not_knowing_that_the_guy_i_like_works_on/

Two months ago, I fucked up. I was infatuated with this super cute guy who came in and guest lectured for one of my classes. I ended up realizing, not in a way that I wanted to at all, that he actually works three labs down from the lab I work at. 

Basically, most of the floor was on holiday and my close friend and I were hanging around the hallway joking about my crush on this guy when I said, "I would even let him fuck me in the ass if he wanted to..." He overheard, came out and told me and my friend to be quiet, then winked at me. I was so fucking mortified. 

I didn't come back to to the lab until winter break was over, hoping that the large influx of people would somehow prevent me from ever seeing him again. That didn't happen. On my first day back, I was in the break room making some toast when he walks in. "Oh fuck," I had thought knowing that a confrontation was probably inevitable and that I ought to apologize for my crass comment. But instead, I frantically looked away and focused on putting peanut butter on my toast because if I do that, he can't see me right? That didn't happen again. Instead, he came up right next to me smiled, and said "Hey [my name], how was your break?" 

I looked up awkwardly and told him it was fine, mainly just stayed on campus and worked at the lab. He told me that he basically did the same but went to see his family for a couple of days. He didn't bring up what happened either thank god. Then he said something along the lines of, "Is that all your having for lunch?" and I was like, "Uhm yeah, I was in a rush and forgot to pack something." 

Then he said, "Oh I was gonna go grab something to eat at [a sandwich place near us], do you wanna come with?" 

I was like what the fuck, that smooth fucker. I tried not reading into it and brushed if off as him being nice so I said sure and we went. 

Well. We ended up having a great lunch. Inevitably as we were on our way back, he finally made a crack and was like, "So tell me, after our lunch today, how many seconds do you think I spent staring at you?" I literally just looked at him blankly with my jaw dropped before he chuckled out, "It has to be longer than six seconds at a time right? That has to mean I like you." (Btw what he said was a reference to what me and my friend were talking about that day when he overheard). 

Even with my shock, I managed to laugh and make a wise crack back at him. 

Well, tomorrow is our one month anniversary! 

We have not done the butt stuff. He told me after a couple weeks that although he appreciated my comment, he's not into putting his dick in buttholes. Looks like I will be retaining my butt virginity and I managed to get a super cute, intelligent, and kind boyfriend out of this whole ordeal.

TL;DR: Despite my fuck up, it all worked out. We're celebrating one month together tomorrow! Also, I'm a girl (got two comments asking if I was).

Edit: Yes, I accidentally wrote "guess" instead of "guest." My b, my b. /nToday Reddit was blocked in Russia, and I am the one who posted [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/rudrugs/comments/1derq9/%D0%BC%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%BC%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9_%D0%B8_%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%B4%D0%B5%D0%B6%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9_%D0%BC%D0%B5%D1%82%D0%BE%D0%B4_%D0%B2%D1%8B%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%89%D0%B8%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%8F_%D0%BF%D1%81%D0%B8%D0%BB%D0%BE%D1%86%D0%B8%D0%B1%D1%8B/) which lead to this.

In Russia, there is a law which allow Roskomnadzor, Russian censorship agency, to block any website without court rulling. Two years ago I tested how RKN react to abuse on popular websites/crazy abuses. On of that websites was Reddit.

One thing I learned is that RKN doesn't want to block popular websites. They respond me that this content is illegal and they blocked it, but they weren't. [It was on 05/21/2013](https://img.bi/#/VN0xdFz!SUfwaAZuQ0OgFP6nJQpMgqpwENsQfA4KLn1gdqhZ). On 10st Aug 2015 they posted [a call to help them contact Reddit administration](https://vk.com/wall-76229642_54727) to official VK page. Funny thing, but they called Psilocybe a plant. Several hours ago they [reported that Reddit is blocked in Russia](https://vk.com/wall-76229642_55304). Seems like things changed.

How Reddit is blocked? Fully. As Reddit switched to HTTPS, there is no way to block special page.

Will I remove this post? No. I also think that Reddit administration needs to do nothing. This is important issue on freedom of speech, and only RKN want to violate it.

BTW, this post is a guide for indoor growing Psilocybe mushrooms in Russian. I'm not sure if any people saw this before blocking, but if you are here and you can read Russian, now you know to grow some shrooms, thanks to RKN.

UPD: [Russia unbans Reddit](https://meduza.io/en/news/2015/08/13/russia-unblocks-reddit) as they comply with request and blocked that post for Russian users.

UPD2: [This is how Russian Internet censorship works](https://meduza.io/en/feature/2015/08/13/this-is-how-russian-internet-censorship-works)/nSo this literally just happened 30 mins ago. 

I would freely and happily admit if I tried this on purpose as a warning to others, but legitimately fucked up here. 

Came with a couple of friends for the weekend to Amsterdam for a birthday. It’s a great city, pretty to look at and loads of fun. 

I’m sure most people know the Dutch have decriminalised the use of weed and you can visit ‘coffee shops’ and buy and smoke joints. 

Had a fun party night last night in town. Went to some coffee shops, got stoned, went to some bars, danced at a club. Had a great night, but only a couple of hours sleep. 

In a rush packing this morning, as slept through alarm, I put on last nights jeans on with a joint in plastic tube in pocket (front weird pocket in front of main pocket) left over from last night. Got to airport in reasonable time considering slept through alarm. Rushed towards security when suddenly this hideous sensation of my stomach dropping, like in a falling lift...’did I ditch that joint’?

At this stage my rucksack is going through the scanner and the airport staff are guiding me through a body scanner tube that you stand still in with your hands in the air, whilst something revolves around you. 

‘Sir, do you have anything in your pockets’ says the customs lady as she steers me towards the body scanner. 

Holy. Fucking. Shit. What to do? I’m still not 100% at this point if there was a joint in my pocket or not. Do I come clean? No way-too late for that. Got to try and style this out, as pocket might actually be empty. 

Go to tube, put hands up, get scanned no problem. But, Schiphol Airport as policy, possibly because of weed, frisk everyone as soon as out of scan tube. I’m asked to put my hands in air again as airport guy starts to frisk intensely all over. I’m sweating bullets and my scrambled mind is trying to remember the hazy details of last nights outing-did I smoke that joint??? Airport guys hands pats pocket. I feel object being pressed into hip. FUCK FUCK FUCK. 

‘Sir, empty your pocket please’? Says airport guy. My partner in the mean time has passed security and is watching on. In slow motion I see the penny drop on his face. I dig into that weird front mini pocket, and pull out a small joint in a plastic tube (as sold in coffee shops) of my pocket. Audible gasps come out of other passengers in queue behind me. I feel my face turning almighty red and feel the room getting a bit spinny. 

I’m dying inside. I say to pat down guy, ‘oh god. I’m really sorry, I forgot that was in th...’
‘HAHA, SURE, SURE - THATS WHAT THEY ALL SAY’! Laughs airport pat down guy loudly. 

I’m placed to one side. Customs security is called over (was left a nerve shredding 30 mins before he turned up). Just gonna take this moment and opportunity to say-the Dutch are a fucking fabulous bunch of people. 

Customs man comes over and takes one look at me quivering/near to tears and says, ‘Don’t worry Sir! Don’t look so scared! You are 20th today and you won’t be last! I’m sorry you have a government at home that is so restrictive, but unfortunately I can’t let you leave Amsterdam with this joint as you will get in trouble at home’. 

I almost wept with relief. I was made to sign a form to say he’d taken joint off me....and that was it...

I’m in a bar in Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam having a drink to steady my nerves. To all you Dutch-bless your hearts. You’re the best. I’m sorry I was a hot mess and added to the problem of being a dumb fucking tourist.

TLDR I was a hot mess and genuinely forgot I had a joint in my pocket. Got caught with it. Dutch customs were amazing about it. 

Edit-spelling (my hands are still shaking)

Edit 2, Thanks for the shiny stuff. First awards (on a story about my drug use).  I’m from UK for those asking.. My flights just landed and I made it through UK customs without discovering any other forgotten drugs. I’ve just found the docket the nice customs man handed me when he took the weed. It says under what was taken, ‘joints’. 

Edit 3-Schiphol doesn’t frisk as matter of routine, yes I get it. Thanks for correction./nFloor 8 of the of place my employment, inside the mens' shitter.

&#x200B;

I'm sitting there, doing my sit-down-business because boss makes a dollar, I make a dime. I've just finished the dirty work and I'm about to perform my ablutions, but I delay it because it's a "paid to shit" thing, dicking around on reddit a bit. At this point I feel something jump onto my balls. Something I had never hoped I would ever experience, let alone talk about on the internet.

&#x200B;

I shriek. Not a barbarian shriek. Not a viking shriek. Psycho-Shower-Scene shriek.

&#x200B;

A huntsman spider has crawled out of the toilet bowl and jumped onto my low hanging fruit.

&#x200B;

I bat the spider off, smacking myself in the nuts, keel over in pain.

&#x200B;

Spider dead. Good news.

&#x200B;

My banshee wail has not gone unanswered. Bad news.

&#x200B;

Someone comes into the bathroom and knocks on the stall door. "Mate are you alright? Have you fallen over? I'll call an ambulance."

&#x200B;

"NO. FINE. EVERYTHING. IS. GOOD. JUST SLIPPED. FINE. NO NEED TO CALL AN AMBULANCE. YOU CAN LEAVE NOW."

&#x200B;

I flush the world's smallest sexual predator to try and retain some of my inner pride, wash my hands, and make the very VERY long walk back to my desk.

&#x200B;

My manager's desk isn't too far from the bathrooms, and he comes up to me afterwards.

&#x200B;

"What happened in there, is everyone alright?"

&#x200B;

"Yeah... Everyone's... FINE."

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

And then I make the dumbest deciscion of my life, and explain to him what had happened. And the audacity of the man; he LAUGHS. He laughs so hard he has to sit down so he doesn't hurt himself.

&#x200B;

His hyena/kookaburra hybrid laughter has gotten the attention of some of the other members of my team. They're looking to get in on the funny, funny joke.

&#x200B;

Bossman wheezes "GET... GET HIM TO... TELL THEM HOLY SHIT"

&#x200B;

And because I'm incredibly susceptible to peer pressure, I tell them. Like a fucking gimp.

&#x200B;

I'm gonna skip past most of the laughter because it went on for what felt like forever.

&#x200B;

I come back from lunch, and Bossman and two other members of my team come up to me as I'm sitting back down at my desk getting ready to get back to work. Bossman is holding a piece of paper.

&#x200B;

"Look. We need to have a chat about something. I've brought two of your friends in the team as support since this is obviously not something that's easy to talk about."

&#x200B;

I am confused.

&#x200B;

"I have a blank HR report here. I'll need you to fill this out. You confided into me that you were sexually harassed in the workplace and it's my duty of care to make sure the 'POOPITRATOR' is brought to justice. Under the space where it says 'which hand did they assault you with', just put x8. We understand this is a traumatic experience for you and I just want you to know that every resource we have is here for you."

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR I need to fake my own death because I screamed when a spider jumped on my balls while I was on the toilet./nSo there's this girl I like at work, and we're really good friends. We're having lunch and we're making those ironic depression meme jokes as most friends do. For some reason I (in my unknowingly- stupid way to get her laugh) got the idea to say "Well hey, you know what's just one letter away from sad? DAB!" and promptly did the deed. Also I have ability to cry on demand so I just stared stone-cold her and let two tears fall down.

She finds it funny. Extremely funny. So funny she drops to the floor and starts laughing her ass off. After a good thirty seconds she starts grabbing her chest and coughing. I asked if she was okay when she starts wheezing and begins to convulse a bit. Freaking the fuck out and thinking she's having a damn seizure, I start to reach for my phone.

And in the exact second, my manager randomly decides to come in and sees this big guy towering over this poor little girl on the floor. I only manage to cut off her impending rage by saying I think she's having a seizure and I'm calling 911. Fortunately, I was able to explain to her what happened after the ambulance came.

Turns out she has asthma, and my joke caused a flare-up, and was waving her arms to try to tell me to get her inhaler. Whoops.

TL;DR. Made I joke with a girl that ended causing a asthma flare-up, manager walked in when it happened. She ended up in the hospital and I almost lost my job.

/nThis happened about a week ago.

&#x200B;

I  took my wife to Barns & Noble to get some new books for us to read.  I was half halfheartedly looking at different books while trailing my wife throughout the store. At some point I realize my wife is nowhere to be  seen, but whatever I'll find her eventually.

&#x200B;

After  a few minutes of mindless wandering, I notice her on the other side of  the store. I also notice that her butt looks really good in the jean's shes wearing, so as I'm walking up towards her, phone camera zoomed in on her butt, I hear someone behind me shout "HEY CREEP! WHY ARE YOU  TAKING A PICTURE OF THAT GIRLS ASS!?" I turn around to see an employee as the source of the shouting, and look towards my wife who is clutching her sides, laughing her ass off.

I  try to explain, that the woman is my wife, but the employee was having  none of it. My wife finally came to my rescue when the manager came up  and said that I had to leave. She explained that we were indeed married  and even showed her the picture of us on our wedding day she keeps in  her purse.

&#x200B;

The employee apologizes  profusely, and of course we plead with the manager not to reprimand her  for her "outburst" as the manager called it. Honestly I'm glad she said  something as someone from the outside seeing this guy, following a girl  around the store and then taking a picture of said girls ass. It was  just a wrong place, wrong time kinda thing, but my wife has started  telling me "don't get caught this time" whenever we go out. Shes told  just about everyone we know, and in lovingly referred to as "the  ass-man" in our friend group now.

&#x200B;

TL;DRI took a picture of my wife's ass, an employee called me out for it, not knowing it was my wife. My wife left me high and dry until the manager asked me to leave. Everyone we know, now refers to me as "the ass-man" now.  

And before anyone starts polishing their armor, yes, my wife knows I do this. Yes, my wife is more than okay with it. She does the same thing to me.

&#x200B;

Edit: Just to clarify, my wife already had the picture in hand when she went up to confirm to the manager we were indeed married. The manager never doubted her affirmation that we were indeed married. I'm pretty sure she just wanted to show off her wedding dress again. 

Edit2: I have asked the wife if I can share a picture and she has declined. Sorry folks, enjoy this [tiny ass](https://m.imgur.com/aqQoeRa?r) as compensation. /nThis literally just happened and I've decided to lock myself in my room until further notice.

I was surfing through my newsfeed this morning and I happened to see news articles that Jeffrey Epstein (rot in hell) has committed suicide. Now, my family and I all talk about current events and politics. My parents were up and about getting ready for the day, so I figure I'll go tell them the news.

Their door was cracked open, so there's the fuck up. I walk in and am greeted by the sight of my mother blowing my dad. As I hear my mom say "Do ya mind??", I immediately walk the other way, and back downstairs to my room. All the while trying to burn away what I just saw.

They leave for the weekend at noon, and I have no plans on seeing them again this morning.

TL;DR: Jeff Epstein decided to scar me from beyond the grave.

Edit: In one hour on a throwaway, I get more karma than my 4 year old account, first time getting silver, and front page for the first time? Huh.

Anyway, back on the "Fuck Jeff Epstein" train./nSo, i'm currently a 4th year computer science student at a pretty respected university and was looking to graduate this semester. One of the classes I was taking was a class in modern advancements and trends in the field of technology. While the class didn't require to much heavy lifting it still was a higher level one and required a good amount of work. For our final, our professor had assigned us a 20-page research paper into a current or possible future technology of our choice within the field. I did my paper on helium-3 power generation. I worked my ass off on this paper and in the end was super proud of it. The papers were due last night at midnight and I held off on submitting my final draft till the end to get it as clean as possible. This is where I fucked up big time.

Let me tell you a little about myself. I don't work a normal job. I tried it in my first year of school and I really didn't like it. I've worked internships when they came up but outside of that I really didn't “work”. This and being a student really doesn't mix well though. So, I had to make money some way. For the past 3 years I've gotten by on writing hardcore erotica on commission. Specifically, for furries. I would write anything. Any fetish, any premise, anything. In some parts of that community I became really popular. At one point I was making almost 2500$ on patreon along with the amounts I charged  to my customers. Am I proud of this? No. I have written some really disgusting stuff; but it paid the bills and the money was too good to pass up. I told myself the minute I got a “real” job I was cutting and running from this work.

Well, this brings us to last night. I had not gotten any sleep for the past few nights. I had multiple projects due that in the span of a few days. I was running on nothing but coffee and rockstar. I was nothing more than a walking corpse and wanted to do nothing but sleep. I ended up doing my last read over of my final paper and submitted it before sleeping. However, instead of submitting my final paper, I somehow submitted one of the commissions I was working on. This commission is not light either. It is almost 10 pages long and contains a variety of things including vore and scat.

So, I went to bed. Submissions for the final locked and my academic career was sentenced to death then and there. When I woke up this morning I checked my grades for my other classes before noticing an email from my professor, all it says was to come to his office after class today.

I want to fucking die right now. I don't know how I'm going to explain why instead of my final I submitted a hard core erotic story with a wolf man jacking off in a dragons stomach. But yeah, I fucked up big time.

Tl:Dr: In my final semester at college. Instead of submitting my final research paper, I submitted hardcore furry erotica someone paid me to make. Professor “want's to talk” and I want to die.

&#x200B;

obligatory update:

Well, I just left his office and I still want to die. Not as much though. I took some advice from here and printed my paper out and had it with me.  I won't lie, When I sat down with him I was already almost in tears from the stress and embarrassment. I guess he picked up on that because he tried to be as nice as possible and told me to calm down and just explain what happened.

I ran down pretty much everything I said here. While he didn't agree with the avenue I was taking to make money he understood why I was doing it.

He had checked the submissions last night after the deadline and my submission's name stuck out immediately (it was along the lines of "Customer\_Commission\_2nd draft.doc"). I've taken a class from him before and was an A student so he guessed I had submitted the wrong file on accident. He told me he read the first page and "realized it probably wasn't meant for him to read".

I gave him the copy I brought and he accepted it. He told me to email him the file and he would replace the one I had submitted and that we would "pretend this never happened." He seemed to at least have a good sense of humor as he told me that what I had originally submitted was "well written at least" from what he read.

Like I said. I still want to fucking die right now. At least he understood that i'm just an idiot and not malicious . Thanks I guess for the advice and helping me through the nervous breakdown./nWell, fuck. 

Not a throwaway because I have no shame left to feel. 

TIFU by orgasming so many times I went blind in one eye. That’s right, catholics, your mother and that one creepy priest who smelt like bologna were right. 

Seriously, though. Last night I was trying to sleep (obligatory “not technically today”) but failing miserably. I have bipolar disorder, I’m off my medication (that is a TIFU in itself), and I was in the early stages of a manic episode. For those who aren’t batshit crazy or psychology majors (arguably the same thing) - that basically means my brain is in complete crackhead mode. I tried to lull myself to sleep by reading, working on my Mothman musical, and thinking about Al Gore. At about 3am, after laying in bed for five hours, I decided I had to exhaust myself physically rather than mentally. 

[Enter stage left] lesbian porn. Here’s the part where I mention how my clit is made of steel. I came twice, my usual, then thrice, barely a strain within ten minutes. For some reason, coming for the fourth time is always the most difficult. Having finished the porn (which I actually found on r/lesbians, thanks perverts!) I decide to dive into the disgusting depths of my imagination. Now, whenever I’m jerking off to just my vile thoughts, I always have to go completely under the covers. Unfortunately, it is extremely fucking hot where I live, and the only source of escape from the demonic heat is my floor fan which sounds like a blender giving birth to a garbage disposal. Super sexy background music to my masturbation fantasies, right? Anyway, for some reason I can’t come on my own if my head isn’t under some blankets/cloaked. Maybe Saudi Arabia is actually just extremely progressive towards female sexual pleasure? Since this incident I’ve only slept for four hours. I’m losing my mind. 

Anyway, at this point I’m abusing my clit harder than an elderly person with a touch screen electronic. After ten long ass minutes, which is essentially an eternity to my extremely efficient clitoris, that sweet wave of bliss crashes through me. My clit breathes a sigh of relief and I emerge from my very, very sweaty cocoon of sin. My right eye is stinging a little bit, and I realise the acne treatment I’d put on hours ago has sweated into my eye. I grab my water bottle and pour a little into my eye, roll over, and go the fuck to sleep.

I’m sure you can see where this is going, but I certainly didn’t. And now I could probably only see half of it, considering half my vision is obscured by a fucking eye patch. I wake up in intense agony, spend half an hour rinsing my eye and freaking the fuck out. The weird angle I’m bent at over the sink causes my poor clitoris to recoil in sensitivity. For some reason, this made me so. fucking. angry. I felt genuinely betrayed. Like, how dare you? YOU did this to me. This is YOUR fault. Et tu, Clite? 

Once my eye starts to swell up, I call the poison control line, lie through my teeth, and they tell me to go to the pharmacy. Arguably the weirdest walk of shame I’ve ever done. 

I continue to build my throne of lies in front of the pharmacists, who recommends some eye rinse and, if the swelling doesn’t go down, an eye patch. The swelling, my fellow comrades, did not go down. My eye is still blood shot, slightly stinging, and a lovely shade of “what the fuck have i done” red which pairs well with the itchy, puffy skin surrounding it. 

Now I’ve got a black eye patch, an angry clitoris, and a dick appointment for tonight that I’ll probably have to cancel. I’ve been wanting to bang this guy for WEEKS. Also, my eye still hurts like an absolute bitch, and I can’t even distract myself with meaningless sex because unless this dude has a pirate fetish I’m shit out of luck. 

TL;DR: I masturbated and now I’m
down one eye, one clit, and one much-longed for dick.

EDIT: Sweet baby jesus’s clit, what the fuck? This blew up and someone irl and sent it to me asking if I wrote it. Damn my unforgettable Mothman musical. Anyway, I did not cancel my dick appointment. I told him what happened and he found it funny/endearing. (Less endearing when I got to his place and wouldn’t stop dirty talking using pirate puns. I’ve never been more grateful for the colloquialism “booty”). Also, my eye no longer stings and the swelling has gone down. Hallelujah.

EDIT #2: Clearly the reddit detectives have all suffered a stroke because numerous people have been sullying my good name in the comments with accusations of heterosexuality. To clarify: I’m bi. Also, thanks for all the cool shit and stuff, I guess./nI found a flashdrive in my home and was curious as to what was on it. I put it in the computer and find folders full of family pictures and a video. It was blurred in the thumbnail, so OF COURSE i have to play it. 

It all happened so fast.

I see a dick. A hard, throbbing cock, staring me right in the eye.

And then it's cumming.  

And after the last bit of cum drops, the camera gets aimed downward and I see my dad's shoes and the tile in our bathroom. 
I just watched my dad shoot his fucking load all over the bathroom tile. This dude filmed himself cumming in the bathroom. 

He moved out a long time ago and obviously forgot that this flashdrive was here. I'm not going to give it back. I'm not going to assert dominance and return the favor. I'm going to burn it with fucking fire. 

TL;DR: I met my siblings today.

Edit: With all the attention this is getting, I'd like to turn this fuck-up into something positive. Please consider donating to [Prevent Child Abuse America](https://preventchildabuse.org/)

Edit 2: Fuck. The site got hugged to death lmao. Sorry you guys./nSo this afternoon my wife was out at the pharmacy that's less than three minutes from our house.  She called because our insurance card wasn't working and asked for the numbers on the new cards we had just been issued. I started to read the numbers to her but she interrupted saying it would just be easier if I took a picture. To be funny I included my man parts in the photograph.  When she got home, I asked her how she liked the picture I had sent. She seemed genuinely clueless and didnt know what I was talking about.  Apparently she just handed the phone with the picture open to the pharmacist to grab the numbers off himself. 

tl;dr: sent my wife a dick pic with insurance info that she  subsequently showed to the pharmacist at our local grocery store.  /nMy cousin decided it would be a good idea to give my dad two squares of THC chocolate for Christmas, because he'd mentioned that maaaaaybe he'd want to get high. My parents are 75-year old Republicans. That was a big maybe.

&#x200B;

Well, my mom is like an unsupervised puppy when it comes to chocolate. You put half a candy bar down and YOINK, gone when you come back.

&#x200B;

You can guess what happened. My mom went sniffing for some chocolate and found it, and ate both squares of chocolate (\~8-16 doses, depending on one's tolerance) and got so high that she couldn't move or talk. Her last words, high as a kite, were "I think this might be the end?" before my dad, fearing she'd had a stroke, called an ambulance.

&#x200B;

They took her to the hospital and when she came around a bit, the doc asked her what she'd eaten and she said, just two squares of chocolate. At which point I assume my father facepalmed and my parents had to tell the doc that my mother was in fact, simply higher than the RedBull Orbit Jumper.

&#x200B;

Anyway they ran every test in the world on her and found out she had major blockages in three coronary arteries, 97%, 98% and 99%. So now she's having a triple bypass tomorrow.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Mom got high as balls by accident, turned out it saved her life.

&#x200B;

Obligatory gold edit: Thanks all for your well wishes! ! A few things to clear up - Mom went into the hospital on Saturday. As of now, she's been transferred to a hospital in Manhattan where she awaits surgery details. I'm in Canada for work, so it's kind of tough not being able to hold my mom's hand, but I'm planning to head back down to NY this weekend to be with her. Also....OP is not a dude. :)

Second update from my dad: Mom's surgery may be Thursday, with the holidays and all. I decided not to mention that I put the story on the internet.

FP Edit - Thank you so much for your kind words, shared stories, kind offers, and encouragement. I'm headed back to the States on Thursday, the tentative surgery date. Will post an update and see if my mom will let me take a selfie of the two of us.

UPDATE - Mom ended up having a quadruple bypass and is recovering nicely. Thanks to everyone who checked in, offered help, and got a laugh out of the story. All of the staff at the hospital knew about it and they thought it was hilariously serendipitous.

Check out my adorable mom

&#x200B;

[http://imgur.com/gallery/0bmG2Ii](http://imgur.com/gallery/0bmG2Ii)/nThrowaway account.

We've all been seeing the recent craze of DNA testing and whatnot, so my dad and I decided to jump in the bandwagon and we bought 2 from 23andme. We got our results back a few days ago and I went into the DNA relatives section to check out my matches. At the top it listed my dad as only sharing 29.2% DNA with me and being predicted to be a half-brother, which is impossible. This didn't make sense to me since we also shared a paternal haplogroup and we just look so alike, so he was definitely my father. My cousin also had taken the test a while back and she shared 24.6% with me, also predicted to be my half-sibling. We're supposed to share around 12%, being 1st cousins.

I couldn't think of a genetic relationship that would explain what I was seeing and I had doubts in the accuracy of the percentages, so I made [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/23andme/comments/b6mz22/are_my_shared_percentages_wrongaccurate/) on r/23andme, asking for help. Basically, the shared percentages are extremely accurate and highly unlikely to be false. The only realistic explanation for what I was seeing was that my uncle, my cousin's father and my dad's brother, is my father. Reality hit me in the face like a flying bag of bricks. All the dots lined up and I felt a sense of *loss*. I sat in my room for an hour just in shock and then I had a feeling of anger come over me. I needed some fucking answers. 

Without even thinking, I rushed out of my room and confronted my mother downstairs. My mom is a business women and is often away on business trips. She had no idea my dad and I had done one of these tests since she was away on a trip and just got back. My mother and I never had a 'traditional' relationship. She was always focused on her work and my dad ended up mostly raising me. 

My irrational self didn't even sugar coat it. I asked her if she cheated on dad with Uncle David (name changed for obv reasons). I have never seen the color drain from someone's face so quickly. She looked dumbfounded and then mumbled "What kind of question is this? Of course not." I told her everything; the test, percentages, DNA matches, ALL OF IT!! Shit hit the fan. My mom fell to the ground crying, begging me not to tell dad. 

I left her there and went back into my room. I called my cousin (now half sibling) and told her everything. She ended the call screaming. Dad (now uncle) then came home and stumbled into my room asking what's wrong with mom. I told him everything too. He didn't say anything after calming down. He left the room and I locked the door. 

For the next few hours, I heard my entire family fall apart outside my door. My parents got into a heated argument and my grandparents rushed over to see what was going on. My aunt in law and David showed up shortly later and I'm pretty sure I heard my Dad and David get into some physical fight. Utter chaos. 

I feel like fucking shit. Ik it's not my fault but I can't help feeling that this is all because of me. If I had spent my fucking birthday money on something else, none of this would have happened, but another part of me is glad to know the truth. I'm too scared to go outside. I don't even know what the outcome was. The only noise I hear in the house now is the occasional sobbing coming from my mother, and I sure my dad is out of the house. Fuck my life

TLDR; Mom and uncle, both having spouses of their own, fucked, made me, and proceed to not tell anyone. I take a DNA test 19 year later and it all comes crashing down. I've locked myself in my room and I'm pretty sure my family has ceased to exist outside

UPDATE:
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bbcqlk/tifupdate_by_destroying_the_entirety_of_my_family//nCame home from the gym. Its leg day. Had full day at work too. Work isn't bad. Came home to happy kids. Wife does a great job at keeping them alive. The best. Had to take a shower before bed. Wife says hurry because shes tired. I empathize by saying I will hurry because I am also tired. Bad idea. Wife proceeds to tell me how she is the most tired because of kids. I do not dispute this since I am not a total moron. Kids are exhausting but totally worth it. I tell her as much. She is most tired. I am only kind of tired. Not good enough. She is more tired. I agree with this in order to ease the tension. Unsuccessful. She is fully triggered by the fact that I had the audacity to say that I was tired. There is no escape. Am screwed. 


Tldr: am not allowed to be tired. Ever.

Edit: wow. That's a lot of comments and stuff. Thanks, reddit. This weekend I will celebrate with a nap! Cheers! What makes this cool is that I wrote it while pooping before bed. Cant wait to tell my wife!

Edit 2: my wife is the best. Seriously the best. I'm not taking her back to the dealership. This was one of those events where you laugh about it 5 minutes later.  Tonight we are going on a date so it's all good.


TIL that a lot of you guys would not survive married life or kids. Lol.

Final edit: I am so thankful for my normal wife her normal, valid frustration with how I said what I said. Either one of us could have easily ended up with one of you nut cases on here. Lol. I can never  unsee some of this cringe and I cant wait to share all of these hilarious/insane opinions with her durning our date tonight. Gotta go put on my clean underpants!/nEver since I was a kid, I loved to fiddle around with staplers. Playing with the automatic ones and doing dumb stuff like any child would opening the manual ones and swinging it around, stuff like that. One of my favorite things to do was to open up a new strip of staples and break them apart before putting them in. Running my fingers through the staples, counting them and breaking them apart...love it. There are 210 staples in a standard strip and sometimes I’d break off each individual one until my fingers hurt. I’ve even found strips with 209 and 211 a few times.

&#x200B;

This progressed from me messing around with staples in Ms. Grady’s second grade class, to buying a box of staples every other pay day to play with, to literally having a collection of different brands and sizes of staples in my college dorm to break apart. I had a problem, but no one was hurt, so who cares? Well...

&#x200B;

Fast forward to present day. I am a functioning middle-class adult with a wife and two children. I have a home, a normal car, an office job. I am by all accounts a normal human being... **I still love staples.** Working in an office with a supply room full of staples was a problem. I’d spend my lunch break in the room opening boxes and breaking apart staples to get my fix before returning to work. It got so bad over the course of a couple years that my boss changed our supplier because the boxes all had broken apart staples and were sometimes ripped.

&#x200B;

So I had to stop doing that...I turned to Amazon first, buying 10 boxes of staples at a time for about 20 bucks a pop. It wasn’t enough. I went to 20, then 40. My wife got curious then and asked “why are you buying all of these boxes of staples”. But I brushed it off as a work issue that I’d get reimbursed for and knew I had to change my methods.

&#x200B;

Over the course of a few months I enabled myself...I started using cash only at different office supply stores around my town and neighboring towns. I would sit in my car and break apart staples before going to the next store. I began to stay out late and tell my wife I would be home soon, so I could go buy more staples from different stores. I opened up a new credit card to put online so she wouldn’t know but she caught it in the mail. She got suspicious because things weren't adding up.

&#x200B;

This past Thursday after one of my “late nights” I get home with a trunk full of broken staples and 10 freshly broken boxes in my passenger seat to see my parents cars at my house. I walked in and everyone is sitting around like its an intervention. Because it is.

&#x200B;

My wife asked if there was anything I wanted to tell them, and to tell the truth about my problem. I sat down and kept saying “what are you talking about” until my mom said “honey, we saw the pictures”. Then my wife tells me that my late nights, excuses, and general weirdness about the credit card, and some other little things made her hire a private investigator. This man followed me around to office supply stores and watched me “do something” with what I had in the bag from multiple stores. It basically looked like I was a drug runner for Office Depot who was using some of the product for myself. At this point my wife started to cry and my dad shook his head. I had to come clean and all I could muster was

&#x200B;

"I...I like staples."

&#x200B;

The WTF looks I got afterwards turned into disbelief, then concern, then fits of laughter when I showed them my car....I came clean. I backed this up by showing my secret stash of used staples in my attic and explained the purchases on the card to my wife. Right now my only concern is my dad. He didn’t laugh - just kind of shook his head continually in disappointment without saying a word. 

&#x200B;

Believe it or not, I think therapy or addiction meetings may help, as my wife gave me these suggestions the day after. I may or may not do that, but the good news is I now can have a “staple hour” once I get home and my  budget for staples is allowed by the wife for now.

&#x200B;

TLDR: I have an addiction to breaking apart staples and my wife thought I was on drugs when it became a problem.

EDIT: 

Thank you all for the suggestions on getting professional help, sharing how it brightened your day, and making me laugh with some of your comments as well! I am going to sit down for a while and try to respond to quite a few questions directly as well as here. If you want to copypasta or use my story in your youtube videos or whatever go right ahead, I just ask that you DM me/name the throwaway so I can find & watch it out of pure interest of other people’s perspectives on my problem.

1. I went to see a therapist today with my wife. I was told that although the addiction is not typical in its damage regarding my mental or physical well being, I do need help. I am going to go through addiction counseling like any other addict would. Just tailored to my specific issue.

2. Apparently, part of fixing my brain to know that it is not okay to continue this level of staplephilia. That included cleaning out my car, attic, and not garnering more attention through memorializing pictures, doing interviews, or trying to garner 15 minutes of fame from it. So after answering some questions about mental health and what the future holds, it will become less about reddit laughs and more about personal recovery.

3. My wife initially thought I was having an affair. She didn’t think I was doing drugs until she got the pictures. The PI just told her what he saw, and she deduced that I had an undercover type distribution thing going with someone in the office supply business. She admitted that she didn’t think it all through, but her mind was racing and conclusions came as they did.

4. I do not have autism or any diagnosed mental disability. I am just an addict, and an idiot. I know how stupid the addiction is and so I tried to hide it. It’s not a big deal in the grand scheme of things I guess, but my embarrassing white lie just spiraled out of control./nI have grapheme-color synesthesia. Basically I see letters and numbers in colors. The letter 'E' being green for example. A couple months ago I was explaining it to my boyfriend who's a bit of a skeptic. He asked me what colour certain letters and numbers were and had me write them down. Since then he'll randomly quiz me and compare my awnser to what I said a few months ago. Always being the sameish as course. He still seemed a bit skeptic as if maybe I just memeroized them really really well.

Tonight we were laying in bed and my boyfriend quized me again. I tried explaining to him I just see the colors automatically when I visualize the letters in my head. I asked him what colour are the letters in his head. He looked at me weirdly like what do you mean in "my head, that's not a thing" 

My boyfriend didnt understand what I meant by visualizing the letters. He didn't believe me that I can visualize letters or even visualize anything in my head. 

Turns out my boyfriend has aphantasia. When he tries to visualize stuff he just sees blackness. He can't picture anything in his mind and thought that everyone else had it the same way. He thought it was just an expression to say "picture this" or etc... Its crazy to him the fact that I can picture his face without looking at him or a banana without looking at it.

Now I have a boyfriend that is really upset. He feels like his world is turned upside down and every body else has this cool superpower. He's been texting all his friends and see if they can imagine stuff and realizing I wasnt pulling his chain. Hes pretty upset and I feel really bad. 

Tldr tried to explain what having synesthesia is like to my bf and turned his life upside down by finding out he has aphantasia. (Cant visualize anything at all)

Edit; Oh wow this blew up. I just wanted to say my boyfriend wasn't being a jerk when it came to quizzing me,  it was more of a fun curiosity thing/science experiment. He never thought I was lying. I think it's one thing to wrap your head around synesthesia when you can visualize normally but it's way harder when you have aphantasia./nSo I’ve been delivering for dash dash on the side for a few weeks now. Today I had a typical order from a local sushi joint. I saw the order for a fellow named Tom...funny thing the second half of the order is EXACTLY TO THE TEE what my gf ALWAYS gets. Two dragon rolls extra Siracha on the side and a large Ice Tee. She is very particular! She also has a co-worker named Tom she has mentioned AND she said she spent the night up in Denver with her sister last night for a girls night. Hmmmmmm....Picked up the order and was on my way. Pulled up to a waaaaaay nice apartments knocked on the door and a very handsome fellow named Tom answered. Handed him the food and heard a familiar voice say “Make sure there’s  Siracha!” It was my now ex gf in a T-Shirt and panties. I said nothing she said nothing... door closed and well now I’m single! And onto me next Dash better make that money if I’m going to be back on Tinder. TLDR delivered a Door Dash to my now ex gf while she was cheating on me with her coworker. Tall Handsome man with a nice ass apartment./nThis is long so TLDR at the bottom.

This happened around 6 years ago when I was in 9th grade. I grew up not knowing a single thing about my dick or how to clean it. My parents never taught me anything about genitals and I apparently never asked, all I knew was that’s where the pee came out.

So one day in 9th grade biology our teacher was covering the male reproductive system that day and she got to a point where she mentioned that for uncircumcised makes the foreskin is supposed to retract over the head of the penis. I was pretty shocked because that’s certainly not how mine worked. By that time I was a daily meat beater and my foreskin could barely go back enough for me to see the entrance of the urethra!

So armed with my new knowledge about how my dick was *supposed* to work I went home and a few google searches led me to discover that I had a severe case of phimosis. So being the pragmatic young buck that I am I also google how to fix it. There were basically two options: either tell my parents and have them take me to a doctor for surgery or do stretching exercises. Not wanting to tell any of this to my parents or have someone come near my penis with a scalpel I opted for the latter option. I got some baby oil, the only lube available at the time other than my mom’s bottle of expensive extra virgin olive oil, and went to work.

After about 4 hours of stretching I finally started making some progress! I could see a slightly bigger area now, not just the opening of the urethra like before. Everything was going great except for 1 thing: from the underside of my foreskin came the most pungent, musty, cheesy disgusting smell I’ve ever had the displeasure of smelling even to this day. It dawned on me that my penis had truly not been cleaned at all in my entire life up to that point. I kept stretching over the course of a few days and I started to notice a thick, gooey greenish-brown sludge seeping from under the foreskin as I stretched. Some quick googling taught me that this was *smegma*, also known as Dick Cheese. 

I cleaned it off whenever it seeped out during my stretching exercises and as much as it disgusted me everything was still going fine. That was about to change real fucking fast.

So this was about 10 days into my stretching and I’d gotten my foreskin about to the half way mark. I was getting very excited to finally have a normal full functioning penis so I got very impatient and I decided I’d try to force it all the way back that day I lubed and got to work, I pulled it back as far as it would go and pulled it some more. I pulled it till I couldn’t bear the pain anymore. I did this over and over again for around 3 hours until I somehow managed to pull it almost to where it was almost over the entirety of the head of my penis. I got way too excited and despite the pain I gave it one big yank and I felt the foreskin pop over the back of the glans. It hurt like hell but I was just so relieved that I didn’t care. I opened my eyes and my heart skipped several beats. The entire lower half of the head of my penis down to the area behind it was caked with thick brown/green smegma. That was now mixing with the blood that was now seeming out of where I tore the top part of my foreskin when I yanked it over the glans. I freaked and squeezed the area to stop the bleeding and that only made the pain worse. It eventually stopped and then I had to chip away at the smegma caked unto my penis. I eventually got it all off after half an hour of scrubbing. I was still hurting but I was finally done. I got the foreskin all the way back over the head of my penis. I thought that was it. I tried rolling it back over the head but it wouldn’t budge so I just left it.I completely ignored the fact that the forcing the foreskin back all the way would constrict all the blood flow to the head of my penis. You know how a balloon looks when you fill it with water and tie it? That’s how my penis looked. I went to bed, went to school the next day in severe pain and acted like everything was fine.

When I got home I was still in major pain so I decided I’d check on it. I undressed in the shower and looked down at it. The first thing I saw were the blisters. Two huge brown puss filled blisters; one on the right side and the other on the underside of the glans. The next thing I noticed was the fact that my dick was now seemingly turning some shade of white. I’m a black guy.

I realized that if I didn’t find a way to get my foreskin back over my glans then it was probably going to shrivel up and fall off. I lubed up once more and began forcing my foreskin back over the glans. This was made even more difficult because of the two big blisters in the way. I kept trying to force it back over and I put too much pressure on one of the blisters and it broke causing pus to leak out all over my penis and fingers.  My penis was on fire at this point and I was holding back tears but I kept pushing until I felt it pop back over the glans. Judging from the liquid that seeped out afterwards and the extra jolt of pain I felt I guess the second blister popped too. Once again I left it and fucking went to bed. 

I checked 3 days later and my penis went back to its original color. I rolled back the foreskin again and cleaned where the blisters were and within 3 weeks I was pretty much ok. My foreskin was still tight and I do think constricting my glans with the opening of my foreskin for a whole day probably made me lose a tiny bit of sensation down there but hey at least my dick is clean!

Also please for the love of god teach your kids about their body. Even if they aren’t as stupid as I was don’t take that risk lol

TL;DR; had severe phimosis, did stretching exercises to fix it, forced it back because I got impatient, had to clean 15 years worth of smegma off my penis and ended up tearing my foreskin, couldn’t get it back over the glans cause it was too tight, left it there for a day, dick turned white and blistered due to the opening of the foreskin squeezing the area where the glans meets the shaft, forced it back over and popped both blisters in the process, most traumatic experience of my life. 

EDIT: So I didn’t expect this to blow up like this lol thanks for the silver, gold and platinum! 

So while I’m happy everyone seems to have enjoyed the story, I’d like to clear up something. This post was not meant to turn people against leaving their kids uncircumcised. Circumcision removes a lot of the sensitive nerve endings in the penis and leads to a decrease in the amount of pleasure one feels from sex.  Rather, I’d like people to take this as a warning of what can happen when you avoid teaching your children about taking care of themselves. 

For those of you who are suffering from a tight foreskin,  my number one recommendation is to see a doctor. Don’t be stupid like me and put yourself through this hell. They have creams and other medications that can make this a much easier process. For those of you who aren’t old enough to see a doctor on your own, then you have to tell your parents. Believe me it’s not as awkward that you think. Don’t risk permanently harming yourself just because of a few seconds of awkwardness between you and the two people who know what every inch of your naked body looks like. /nLast summer. We're on a road trip from New Mexico to Mexico. We have a Honda Element converted for living in, so I crawl in the back to nap while he's driving. He stops at a gas station in the desert of Arizona and while he's pumping, I get out to use the bathroom. Come back out, don't see him, and walk around the parking lot to have a look. I jokingly think to myself that maybe he drove off not knowing that i got out to use the restroom, but brush that off. I sit on a bench outside twiddling my thumbs, realizing this may now actually be the case. I reach for my phone to call him, but of course my phone is in the car.

I go back inside to ask the cashier to use their phone, but she says they don't have one. Obviously they do, but whatever. So I start asking random people in the store to use their phone, which makes people visibly uncomfortable because we're in the middle of nowhere and they think I'll steal it I guess. I go back outside and continue asking strangers for their phone. I realize I don't know my boyfriends number by heart so I just call my phone repeatedly, hoping he'll answer. He doesn't. I use one person's phone to log into my facebook to find my boyfriend's number, but alas, his phone is dead when I call.

I resort to explaining to everyone whose phone I ask to use my situation. Some don't believe me, others feel really bad, and one man offered to buy me a hotel room for the night in the next town over thinking that my boyfriend left me on purpose and I was just being modest. It's been about 2 hours now. The store clerks through the windows have been looking at me suspiciously for a while, I'm still sitting on this bench in the desert, and have no idea what to do and start bawling my eyes out.

A cop car pulls up and the officer comes to me and lets me know the store clerks called them because ive been loitering, haggling people for phones outside of their store and crying. I explain my situation and shes as confused and sympathetic as all the other people. She tells me I can't stay there so she can either take me to a truck rest stop in the town over or go to the police station. I ask her to take me to the rest stop, although shes not convinced that my boyfriend legitimately left me there on accident. We're driving down the highway when on her radio another cop says he's at the gas station and there's a guy there looking for his girlfriend. I just crack up and she does too, flips the car around and takes me back. And there my boyfriend is standing outside of his car, banging on the windows and nearly crying because he couldn't believe he'd actually done that. 

He said he was passing some really cool scenery far into the drive and went to wake me up to see too when he realized I wasn't in the car, flipped it around and drove faster than he's ever driven in his life to get back to the gas station. And that he wondered why so many people kept calling me, but didnt feel comfortable answering my phone. He thought for sure that was the end of our relationship and the trip was ruined. 

EDIT: I understand IFU by not relaying my need to pee.
Also that it all sounds really stupid objectively and in retrospect, but it makes sense how things happened at the time. Also have never heard of this Last Man on Earth episode until now, so that's pretty funny. I have many a text message/facebook post to prove this happened IRL.

Not so great Element/Trip pics: http://imgur.com/gallery/SVBZIwp


TLDR: went to use the bathroom while my boyfriend was pumping gas, he didn't know, drove off, and I was stranded, asking people to use their phones for hours until police were called to come get me./nTo begin, I'm a female BDSM practitioner. I enjoy it, and I won't apologize. (Edit: That came out harsh. I'm Sorry)

My husband often cuffs and whips me, and on Wednesday we had a pretty hardcore session. He put these big leather cuffs on me, but failed to take off my Apple Watch. I didn't realize that if you hold the dial down, it automatically dials 911. 

So we get into it, and he's spanking me and I'm pulling on my restraints, and the restraints hold down the button. Hes smacking me pretty good, and suddenly I hear from my watch "Ma'am, I hear what appears to be hitting and screaming. We are sending someone to you. Hold tight." 

"Did you call 911???" My husband asked, "tell them it was an accident!!"

So I tell the 911 operator that it was just an accident, and she says is your name [She said my name here]? And I say yes... And she says "we have your address from our database, and we're sending someone over now. Im sorry, but we hear a male voice telling you what to say, and this sounds like coercion on our end, so we are obligated to make sure you're safe.

I said okay thank you, and I hung up.

"The police are coming."

Shit. I'm literally covered in bruises and welts, the police are coming to check on my well being. Within a few minutes there's a stern knock at the door. We put our clothes on and come to the door, and the police take my husband outside, separating us from communication.

I calmly explain that it was an accident and we were just having really crazy sex. I didn't mention the spanking.

Apparently my husband did. Another police officer comes in and asks about our BDSM contract. "He told you about our contract?"

"He felt it best to come clean about your extracurricular activities tonight, and thought the contract would possibly show State of Mind."

I go get our contract and showed it to the officers. After a mortifying few more minutes explaining that he was only smacking my ass and thighs, they believe us and tell us to disable the 911 feature on the Apple Watch if we're going to do that again.

TL;DR TIFU by accidentally calling 911 during a heavy BDSM session and they heard me screaming and sent the police.

Edit: iWatch doesn't exist. <3

Edit: this post is not Deja Vu. Yes. I posted it 2 days ago, and mods took it down, asking me to repost it today. The literally hundreds of people asking about if they saw this before need to read this edit. They took it down because this happened on Wednesday, and according to the rules of the subreddit, sexual content is not allowed except for on weekend, so they asked me to repost it today.

EDIT: Holy shit. Thanks for the gold!! And the front page. I'm freaking out a little because contrary to the trolls, yes this happened./nMy wife posted earlier today on LA about this. Not using my main because my FIL knows it and I'm not quite ready to tell him about this.

I went to work today and turned my phone off as usual. I had almost 30 missed texts and calls from my pregnant wife when I turned it on. Most of them were asking how I could do this. I had no clue what she was talking about. She didn't answer any of my calls back.

I got home and she was packing up to leave. I'll admit it, I cried. A lot. Had no clue what was happening or what I did. Finally, it comes out that I texted her that I wanted a divorce. She showed me the text and I immediately realize what happened.

This morning, a free standing mirror for our bedroom was delivered. I texted her "the new mirror came in! I'm going to try to put it together but I may need your help later". I had trouble putting it together and eventually gave up. I texted her, "this isn't working, and at this point I think I need to just give up". Apparently, the first text didn't go through, just the second one. So my pregnant wife panicked for a few hours while I was off thinking everything was great. She even called a divorce lawyer.

Things are fine now but she's still crying off and on. She told me we can laugh about it tomorrow.

TL;DR Accidentally told my wife that things weren't working, she almost left me.

Edit: Wow, this blew up. To address a few things that came up in the comments:

\-I usually work from home unless I need to meet with clients. I don't always tell my wife when my client meetings are, because she's usually at work anyway. That's why she didn't know I was at work yesterday. I'm not allowed to have my phone on at work until my wife is 30 weeks. If my phone goes off, I could lose my job, and our health insurance.

\-My wife has an anxiety disorder and had to stop taking her meds because of the pregnancy. That's why she had the reaction she did.

\-My comment about my wife being forgiving was a joke. Neither of us is mad at the other. This was just a series of misunderstandings that snowballed. We're fine. I posted this so people could laugh at our misfortune. No need to psychoanalyze my wife or PM me about divorce. We are fine.

\-and no, we haven't put the mirror together yet. We weren't really in a "home improvement" mood last night./nSo this happened a couple of days ago..

Had a rash develop over the past few weeks and it was itching like crazy, thought at first it was just some kind of allergy from switching body washes lately. After changing back to my old wash and my rash didn't showing any indication of subsiding, I went to visit a dermatologist. Anyways, turns out I have a skin condition called Pityriasis rosea, which isn't actually serious and should go away on its own. So she perscribed me some corticosteroids for the itching and sent me on my way home. Anyone that has ever gotten an itch knows that there are few things more pleasant than scratching it. After showering (and before taking my medication), the rash was itching particularly strongly and I sat down on the toilet to dry my hair. I noticed that when the hot air from the dryer came in contact with my rash ( Rash was spread all over the back) it felt like scratching my back REAALLLYYY good. So naturally I took the hot dryer closer to my skin and voila, that shit felt close to an orgasm. Naturaly I decided to take it to the next logical level: Flopping the bishop while scratching my rash with the hot hair dryer (Yes I know this sounds mildy retarded). What ensued next was the most transending experience in my whole fucking life. I busted a nut so hard I started to see stars, my hole body started to tremble and I fucking fainted. My parents heard the thump of me falling on the floor from downstairs, and appearantly called for me a few times, my mother is a REAAAL worrier, so my dad broke down the bathroom door, where they found me laying like literally covered in a quarter cups worth of semen, my back all red from the hot air, and the hairdryer blowing at max speed all over the place. So yeah, my mother hasn't looked me in the eye for like 2 days. FML

TL;DR: Found out hot air from hairdryer works 50 times better than scratching with nails, decided I wanted to scratch and masturbate at the same time. Came so hard I went to narnia and back, fainted so hard on the toilet seat my dad had to tear down the bathroom door.

I'm legit thinking of going living in the woods. lol

EDIT: WOW I had no Idea this would blow up like this! Thanks for the golds, silvers and platinum kind strangers!

Ps: Am looking into becoming hair dryer sales guy now/nThrowaway account because obviously.

My boyfriend and I are staying at his parents house for a few days for the holidays. We got in a couple days ago, exchanged gifts, and are generally spending quality time. We're staying in his old bedroom and last night before bed, we were both feeling frisky. I started by giving him a blowjob but when we both started getting into it, neither of us wanted to stop, so I figured on going to completion. Unfortunately we were both so caught up in the moment, we forgot about locking the door.

So there I am on my knees, arms holding onto his sides, bobbing my head in a mad dash, getting excited from how close he is and then suddenly the door opens. His mom comes in! I freak out and pull his dick out of my mouth but apparently he's past the point of no return and starts spraying my face and boobs with his baby batter, giving me my first ever facial. Meanwhile his poor mom - who was apparently just checking to make sure we had everything we needed before bed - is just staring at us with a dropped jaw. Eventually she just says sorry and backs out of the room. 

Anyways, it's 5:40am, I've barely slept last night stressing about breakfast and any family interactions tomorrow.

TL;DR: Bf's mom walked in on him giving me my first facial.

Update @7:31am - Thanks for all the reassuring comments. My bf is convinced that she just came in and immediately left but the image of her just standing there for a couple seconds is seared into my brain so who knows what the truth is. Anyway, the family is all starting to wake up and head down to breakfast but we're still hiding out in his room. More to come.

Update @8:38am - Of course my first gold is on a throwaway account... Anyways thanks! So breakfast started off totally fine. I mean, yeah I was super awkward around everyone but the mom didn't say anything. That is, until I excused myself to go shower. She stopped me on the way to the bathroom and apologized for not knocking, which was super sweet. But then proceeded to follow up with a conversation on understanding how important sex is in a healthy relationship and made sure we were always being "safe". It was sweet and cringy all at once. I guess we somehow bonded a bit, which is nice :) 

Anyways, we've got one more night here and you can be damn sure the door will be locked tonight!

Update: A lot of people commenting about how the mom locked the door. Actually I assumed she had locked the door on the way out (from the inside, not the outside); I didn't actually see her do it. I asked my bf about it and apparently he had locked it after she left while I was...ehm...cleaning./nI know Reddit is going to give me a lot of hate for this. This morning I was super horny and really wanted hook up with a local guy to give him bj. So I got to talking with a guy and even though he was a lot older (like late 30s-mid 40s), he had a great bod and a great dick. So I said what the hell and invited him to my hotel room. After 45min to an hour of fun, I thought I’d never see this dude again because I’m flying home this afternoon (right now).

Wrong. I went to the gate when they started boarding. Guess who was pre-boarding with his wife and children? You guessed it. To make matters worse, they are just a couple rows from me and I can hear all their conversations. I’m in the plane right now and he keeps texting. I am saving screen shots in case I need them in the future. I’m sitting here wondering how he was able to get away from his family that long...he was staying at the same hotel, which now just dawned on me because he made it to my room super fast. 

This is so uncomfortable.

TL;DR: Hooked up with a guy at my airport hotel this am. Turns out he’s married, and he and his family are on my flight home.

Edit: I gave him my phone number for trading texts and pics early this am. He texted me just now telling me he found me on IG and FB so he must have searched with my phone number somehow. Now I definitely need leverage with the screen shots to tell him to stop contacting me.

Edit 2: A) I’m male. B) The wife does not know. He texted me in the plane asking me to keep quiet. And then also wanted to stay in touch and text me later because he now knows we live in the same city (and yes you bet I saved the screen shot - saved it on the phone, on the cloud, on emails to myself) C) I knew what his dick looked like because of dick picks and bathroom mirror selfies

Just wanted to respond to popular questions.

Edit 3: Hope you saw the screen shot, you know who you guys are. :-)/nSo today I sold my bitcoin I bought 2 years ago I spent like $100 on the investment or something, I cashed it out at a bitcoin atm and brought it home the first thing I did to celebrate was buy some edibles. I buy some edibles eat a whole brownie and am out of it, I order some pizza and take some money from my wad and put it in a pile on the table next to me total was like 20 so I put 23.

Since I'm high af the pizza delivery girl knocks I grab the wad of all the money not the $23 stack. I give it to her and she starts crying she keeps saying are you sure you dont know how much this is going to help me. Freaked out and high I say okay and just rush inside.

Right now after waking up being passed out I realize what I've done, gave away my bill money for this month lol.

TL;DR - I tipped my pizza delivery driver $1100 while high on brownie edibles by accident and have no money to pay for my bills now

Edit: Thanks for all the nice comments and the reddit gold kind stranger. I just woke up and this post just blew up. I could never call the pizza place and ask for the money back, with how happy it made the women and the fact it was my own dumb mistake it just wouldn't feel right in my head, I would rather be late on my bills and figure anything else out then do that.

I just want to say thank you to u/misterchief117 who helped me out in a insane way, I really don't deserve how nice some people in this world are./nOkay so necessary this actually happened in the last couple of weeks. Basically my boyfriend suffers from pretty low self esteem, like it's not like he's too bothered about his looks but he rates himself a 5 out of 10 at best. 

Obviously I think he's gorgeous and handsome but even though I've been saying this for years, he does not believe me. So, for some stupid reason, I decided to show him that other girls would find him attractive by making him a tinder account. I set him up an account, make him a bio and just start swiping right. 

After a day he got around a dozen matches on tinder and after I showed this to him, I saw how he immediately became more confident and thanked me for the whole gesture. 

Queue my surprise when a couple of days later I check the tinder account I had basically forgotten after 24 hours, and I could see lots of messages sent to lots of the girls my bf had matched with. 

I confronted him and he denied it but I mean these messages even included promises to meet each other. Obviously, we broke up and out of curiosity I checked the tinder account again after a week and this breakup has clearly not slowed him down one bit. So now the tinder I made for him not only broke us up, but is now helping him navigate his newly single life loooooooool

TL;DR: made a tinder account for my bf to prove that he is attractive and he ended up ditching me for one of the girls he matched with

Edit: Wow I did not expect this to blow up! Thank you so much for the gold and silver and for your kind, kind words. It honestly touches me how absolutely lovely thousands of strangers can be. 

Also, if anyone needs help with their tinder, hmu lol because I’m apparently pretty good at it. 

/nSo I have an uncle (we will call him J) who has always been VERY vocal about his disapproval of my sexuality. There is not a family gathering that goes by where he doesn't say something assholish about homosexuality or me specifically.

Well this weekend in between family gatherings I was looking to meet somebody . I started chatting with an older man because that's how I roll. A lot of older guys don't like to show their faces because they aren't out so I don't think much of it when he doesn't show me his face. We actually hit it off great and after receiving a few pics I wish I could unsee and sending a few I wish I could take back , we decided to meet up for well... you know.

So I'm at this coffee shop down the street waiting for my man to show up and you know who walks in . It is at this moment I realize my FU, I've been flirting with my gay hating closeted uncle.  He tried to play it off like a random encounter but I wasn't letting him get away with that. After some pressing he finally admits that he is the man I've been talking to and I told him I don't judge him like he does me . He apologized for the hurtful things he's said to me over the years 

He kept talking with me like he was still INTERESTED and I had to make it clear that was NOT going to happen . I had to get up and walk out and after multiple texts from him I had to go ahead and block his number. I can't believe this guy had the nerve to judge me and treat me like less of a human being all these years when he's a total creep and a massive hypocrite.

Always get a face pic, people.

TL:DR: chatted and eventually met up with a potential hookup that turned out to be my homophobic uncle . Should have insisted on the face pic

Edit: yea this blew up... too much to respond to but I'll answer some pressing questions . I did, in fact, send a face pic so he did know who I was . It is pretty disturbing to say the least. As far as blackmail goes I have everything saved but I don't plan on doing anything with it as I think that could actually put me in danger . This man obviously has more problems that any of us could have known.

Edit 2: this was fake . Reddit is gullible and I fucking hate TIFU . It's all fake stories just like twoxchromosomes . Get baited . AMA https://www.reddit.com/r/AMA/comments/bgvj1e/i_made_the_front_page_with_50k_upvotes_yesterday//nThrowaway for reasons.
TL;DR at the bottom.

So this was more of a FU that happened quite a while ago which only just caught up to me a few weeks ago, so also not today.

About 11 months ago I moved into a new house as a temporary sort of thing until I could get the money together to sort something out properly, I was hoping to have already moved out by this point. On my second day after I’d finished unpacking I decided to break the house in with a nice acid trip, I’d brought some with me that I’d recently bought but not had the chance to use yet.

Things were going well with the trip but then it seemed to be getting really intense and I quickly realised that the tabs were much stronger than I had been told they were, and I thought being locked up in the unfamiliar house wasn’t helping me relax. So I figured the best thing to do to relax would be to go for a stroll because I was starting to get pretty overwhelmed at that point. 

So I left the house to start my walk and my next door neighbour happened to be just arriving at the same time. It’s a street of tightly packed terraced houses so next door’s door is about one meter away from mine. I’d not met anybody on my street yet and didn’t realise this was a friendly tight-knit community where people talk to each other. She said something along the lines of “hello nice to meet you, my name’s (her name), are you new to the area?”

So basically I do this thing sometimes when people try to sell me things on the street etc where I pretend I can’t speak English. I remember a few words from my GCSE French so I just say some nonsense sentences and then people usually leave me alone. In the state I was in this conversation seemed like it would be way too intense for me and French just sort of came to me as my default response to the situation. My exact words were “je voudrais une boulangerie” (one of my favourite lines to use) and I shrugged my shoulders a bit with a weak smile. She pretty much just left me to it after that and I got on my way. I did my walk and got home about two hours later, I was tripping majorly so the walk ended up taking a lot longer than it needed to. When I got home though my next door neighbour was stood in her doorway talking to another neighbour who was stood outside. I tried to keep my head down because I couldn’t handle any more human interaction but she waved at me and said “bonjour”, so I instinctively returned the bonjour and got inside my house as fast as possible. When I got in I started freaking out straight away because I realised that I’d just become French and now two of the neighbours think I can’t speak any English. The next day when I woke up I realised the best thing I could do (as an Englishman) was just live with the lie for the rest of my short stay in this house to avoid the excruciating embarrassment of having pretended to be French for seemingly no reason. 

Fast forward 10 months, I still live here, and at this point I’m in DEEP. My life on this street is a web of lies. I’ve perfected my French accent and over the course of 10 months French Me has learnt a decent amount of English so he can hold disjointed conversation.
I’d gotten to know the neighbours pretty well and I was the nice quirky French guy on the street. I didn’t let the lie slip ever, because every day and every conversation I had just meant that it would be even worse if anyone ever discovered I wasn’t French. If I had friends come over (I don’t have many so it wasn’t too bad) they knew to never speak to the neighbours because of my strange situation. Most of them found it amusing, at least. 

Things were going okay and I wasn’t too worried about being exposed anymore because I’d gotten so used to it. I’m not home that much and when I am I rarely leave the house for any reason so I only had to do it for maybe 5 minutes a day when I was out on my street. If anything it was a nice way to spice up my day when I got to take on my French persona. French Me somehow had much better social skills than the real me, even if his English was a bit limited.

But then there was the day it all came crashing down. I was walking to my car and saw one of the neighbours coming towards me from the opposite direction with someone else next to her I didn’t recognise. She stopped to say hi, as she normally does, and then she says to her friend “this is f7tj78, the guy I was telling you about”. You might be able to see where this is going. 

Her friend hits me with a question in French that I didn’t understand a word of, and I knew he was actually French straight away because his accent was way better than mine. I didn’t know what to do and I just froze. Every second that went past just made it so much more painful and after way too long of a pause I just decided I had to come clean. I told her I wasn’t actually French and couldn’t speak French and then I tried to play it off like some kind of practical joke I’d been doing on everyone. Nobody was buying that. I fast walked straight to my car and then let the embarrassment just swallow me for a while.

I haven’t spoken to any of my neighbours since, some of which I’d  struck up a friendly relationship with over those 10 months. I make sure nobody is around now whenever I leave the house, and I do a loop around the block in my car if any of my neighbours are walking down the street when I get home so that I never come into contact with them. Every time I think about the day I was discovered the embarrassment physically hurts me.

TL;DR: Pretended to be French to avoid human interaction on LSD, lived a lie for 10 months and got exposed by a French man.

EDIT: I didn’t think this post was going to catch much attention, and I’m praying none of my neighbours use reddit and see this and decide to come over to talk to me about all this. Some people seem to have a hard time believing that I thought keeping it going for 10 months would actually be a good idea, I’d like to remind people that when I made the decision to keep it up this was supposed to be a very temporary living situation for me./nDisclaimer- this happened at least 6 years ago and was deeply repressed by shame. I only remembered it in a conversation with my wife when she asked, “What was your most embarrassing moment?”

So I was at a work party, and my gf at the time (not currently my wife) offered to pick me up and drive me home, knowing I would get fully sloshed at the party. She was right.

On the way home, I ask her to pull into a gas station for cigarettes. She pulls her light blue Jeep into the parking lot, I stumble out of the Jeep, go in, and complete my purchase. 

I (over aggressively) yank open the passengers door to the blue Jeep, plop myself down on the seat, and say to my gf. “I can’t wait to get home and fuck the shit out of you.”

I was not expecting to get hit in the face. I also did not expect the loudest goddamn screaming I’ve ever heard in my life. Instinctively, I covered up my face and wondered what the hell I said wrong, as it was not uncommon for either of us to say something like that to each other. 

The screaming was intense and sounded very scared, so I couldn’t really make out what my gf was yelling, until between punch 3 or 4, when I heard, clear as a bell, “You fucking rapist get the fuck outta my car.”

WHOA WHOA WHOA instant sobriety. I uncovered my face and looked up, finally dawning on me that although I was in a blue Jeep, it was not my gfs blue Jeep. My gfs identical blue Jeep was parked next to- and blocked by- this random woman’s blue Jeep. 

I finally tumbled out of the car, went to my gfs car, and told her what happened. She convinced the woman not to call the police to tell them about some crazy guy breaking into her car and telling her he was gonna fuck her. 

I did not fuck anyone that night. 

TL;DR: drunkenly got into the wrong car, assumed the driver was my gf, and told her I was going to fuck her/nRight off the bat I want to say that I am in no way shape or form making light of suicide. This was not a prank gone wrong, or something I did on purpose, but rather a very unfortunate series of usually perfectly benign activities that led to me accidentally terrifying and mortifying my wife. Burner for reasons.

&#x200B;

This happened a couple of weeks ago. I tripped and sprained my ankle. It's been bothering me enough that I've been taking Epsom salt baths in the evenings after work. In addition to helping with the sprain and swelling, I also find it incredibly relaxing. Say what you want about a grown man taking a bath, I enjoy a good soak.

&#x200B;

I also deal with a condition called angiokeratoma. It's basically blood vessels that have expanded and cause a few small, (albeit slightly unsightly) dark spots a rather sensitive area...I call them old man spots. They're harmless, and most of the time I don't even notice, BUT every once in a while...I'll irritate one of these small bumps and it bleeds like a sonofabitch. Additionally it takes FOREVERRR to get the bleeding to stop...its not like I can elevate my balls, Let alone put a band aid on...

&#x200B;

Well...on the day in question, I get a text from my wife that she's going to be working late. So, I get home and decide to soak my ankle/enjoy a little peace and quiet. It's not really important how I did it, but I ended up nicking one of those spots. So, after cursing a reasonable amount, I start the lengthy ritual of holding TP against it and checking every so often to see if it's stopped. Even after the bleeding stops I have to be very careful for the next few minutes to not get it started again, almost like scratching off a very fresh scab...Well I finally get it stopped and a short time later, proceed with my bath. I put on my headphones, closed my eyes and relaxed...

&#x200B;

 I wasn't asleep but I was really zoned out and relaxed...until I was snapped out of it by my wife screaming in absolute terror. I've never ever ever heard her, or anyone scream like that. It scared the shit out of me, and I jolted awake nearly flew out of the tub. I shouted "HONEY? WHAT THE FUCK!"  She didn't answer me, she was in a heap on the floor bawling.  It took me a second to figure out what the hell was going on before shouting "Jesus Christ!".....I could see what it must look like to her... I had apparently NOT stopped the bleeding as well as I thought I had....and my wife walked in on me eyes closed, slouched over in bathtub full of very bloody water.

&#x200B;

It took me a long time to calm her down, and I don't think that's something you just get over. Hopefully one day we can laugh about it, but it won't be any time soon.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - nicked my nuts, didn't stop the bleeding completely even though I thought I had. Took a bath, zoned out. Wife walked in on me oblivious to the fact I was bleeding into the water and thought that I had killed myself. Sorry honey.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/n So last Thursday night I saw everyone tagging their step dads in the Budweiser commercial. Without watching it, I sent it to my stepdad. About an hour later my step dad and mom call me and ask if I’m hinting at something. My step dad is like I know you had intent. I’m like HUH??? OMG IN THE COMMERCIAL THE ADULT CHILDREN ARE ASKING THEIR STEPDADS TO ADOPT THEM. So he starts crying, thinking I want this. Now I can’t tell him that I didn’t mean to. Friday he squeezed me so tight and said he wants me take his name and make it official. Etc etc. all I can think is wow that sounds like a huge hassle. But I can never say anything about it being an accident. So like now I’m being adopted and changing my name. 

Tl/dr sent a fathers day commercial to my stepdad who is adopting me now. I’m 31!/nDear lord. On my main account i came across a comment on a post in an ask men sub, it seemed vaguely familiar, so I clicked the user name and looked through the profile.  I click on profiles all the time if a comment seems familiar, or interesting...

This is my sons account. It has to be. The comment he posted is about something that happened while I was there. He had a more detailed post about that specific day. He had another previous post about an event in his life I knew about and knew some details about. He had a few other posts which I also read. 

I now know what gets him going sexually. Not something I needed to know.

I know what his girlfriend likes sexually. Also, not something I needed to know. Also quite surprising. 

I know how embarrassed he felt about an emotional time he had somewhat recently with my wife. I feel kind of heart broken for him about that one.

I know that when he was younger he snooped in mine and my wife’s room.

In reading through the comments he’s made to others, I’ve learned that he is wise beyond his years and an incredibly kind human. I feel very proud about that.

Overall, I wish I never clicked that first comment. I know waaaay more about his sex life than a father should.

TL;DR. Accidentally discovered my son on reddit. Found out about his kinky sex life, some heart break, and that the little fucker has snooped through my room.

**edited to add: yes, I shouldn’t have read all of it. And some posts I stayed away from. And honestly, I didn’t realize it right-right away. The first post I read sounded like him, but there are millions of redditors. It was after another that I really put the pieces together. And yeah, their might be some hypocrisy about being slightly mad about him snooping through my room. But hey, life isn’t always fair. I also have no intention of tell him, or anyone else anything I read.**/nThis actually happened two years ago on this day, which will make sense a little further down the road. In 2016 I started using Tinder for the first time after a shitty breakup. I had met a few people but nothing had ever really panned out beyond a few hookups. My profile was filled with some horseshit along the lines of “not the love of your life. perfect date for when you want your family to question your life choices” and was mostly filled with pictures of me hanging out with my dog. 

Fast forward to March of 2017 and I matched with someone. After a couple of one-off messages that don’t really go anywhere, we ended up talking one night and stayed up til 5am messaging each other back and forth. A couple nights after that, we decided to meet up and she invites me over to her house for dinner. This all sounds great. Except for two problems.

The first problem is that I have a beard in all of my photos. And even calling it a beard is a bit of a stretch. My facial hair is like if someone shaved a Guinea pig and then superglued it to my face. If I grow it out too long, it looks like a tuft of pubes growing out from a chin. Wiry and sparse. It’s not good. For six years, I’d still kept a reasonably trimmed beard length because it was better than nothing and actually looks full when it's shorter. But for some reason, the week before we started talking, I had decided to shave my face for the first time in years. I just wanted to know what it looked like. The answer? Not. Fucking. Good. At this point, I was 27 but still looked young for my age. Shave the beard off and I look like a twelve year old with a bunch of tattoos and insomnia. Really fucking awkward.

So I pulled up to her house and text before I got out of my car to say, “hey by the way, if it looks like a fifteen year old is knocking on your door, it’s just me.” Luckily, she's not as turned off by my baby face as I expected. All good so far.

I went inside and we end up hanging out all night. She cooked a badass dinner and we decided to watch a movie. She was blown away by the fact that I’d never seen Labyrinth and demanded we watch it. We ended up watching three movies that night. For Labyrinth, I was about five feet away on the couch. For Young Frankenstein, we were sitting next to each other. For the third movie (which I can’t remember for the life of me) we were cuddling. And this is where the second problem comes in. 

After my breakup in 2016 and realizing I’d been battling lifelong depression, I started taking antidepressants. One of the SUPER FUN side effects of SSRIs is that it can be really hard to climax. Like, try as you might, nothin. Dust. Moths. Nothin. Thanks, Big Pharma.

And so commenced the next two hours of the worst sex either of us had ever had. Two hours of awkwardly grinding and sweating, stopping to try new positions, and statements like “holy fuck I might have a heart attack. Why are my ears ringing so loudly?" and “What about this position?” “OUCH!” “Oh my god, I need a towel. So. Much. Sweat. I can't see.” We were in the basement on a large three piece couch. You know, one of those ones with seams to connect the pieces. Well at one point I tried to plant my toes in the seam to get some traction and ended up kicking the couch piece away from us and sending us both flying to the floor. A bruised ass. A bent dick. A lot of questioning of whether this was a good idea. 

If this had been a movie or a romance novel, a two hour sex binge sounds like a dream come true. Well let me tell you that shit sucks if you haven’t done any cardio in your fucking life. And jesus christ the sweat. So fucking slippery and gross. This wasn't 'golden light streaming through the windows and we're both glistening' sweat. This is bog monsters come to life sweat. This is Ace Ventura crawling out of the rhino sweat. At one point our chests become suction cupped together. I could have run and slid on my belly down a hallway like a naked nightmare slip-n-slide if my heart hadn’t felt like it was going to explode. And the chafing. FUCK. No matter how ready either of y’all are when you start out, after two hours, it’s gonna wear off. We both felt like we’d attacked our bits with sandpaper. My poor unfulfilled dick just went through hell for nothing. Not to mention that she just spent two hours with a baby-faced human who couldn't make her come and who might die of cardiac arrest in her basement. This was no climactic movie sex scene. This was a John Waters film come to life. 

Well, after two hours and no cumming, we called it a night. It's obviously not gonna happen for either of us and we figured we might as well quit while we're ahead and no one has died. We went outside for a smoke and at this point it’s about 6am. I’m wearing only a hoodie and briefs and she’s only in a bathrobe. We sit down and the next thing we know, her mom came out for a cig. (She had just moved back home before finding a new place). So not only did we both just have the worst sexual encounter of our lives, but now I get to meet her mom for the first time! GREAT! I'm definitely not half-nude, covered in sweat, and sitting next to her half-nude adult daughter. Somehow she is completely unfazed by this whole encounter and actually starts going on about her most recent Tinder match with a self-proclaimed oil baron. Life is fucking weird.

Well, the reason I am posting this on March 14th is because this is our two year anniversary and we’re engaged to be married on March 14th of 2020. Our sex life is FAR better now and we both look back in humor/horror on that night and wonder why the fuck we decided to keep hanging out afterwards. I mean, now we know, but our past selves must have been really really desperate. 

TL;DR I met up with a Tinder match one night, only to have the worst sex of either of our lives, and met my future mother-in-law right afterwards. Now we’re engaged and celebrating our two year anniversary.




EDIT: Just jumping in to say, holy shit y'all, thanks so much for all the congratulations! I am still wholly undecided if I will ever show her this post. It's one thing to tell all our friends about our first hookup, it's another to tell the whole internet. We'll see though. And thank you so much for the gold and silver! Did not expect to be sitting in a classroom, chugging coffee to stay alive, and seeing this thing take off. And for those asking, I've changed my dosage on my SSRI and haven't really had the anti-climax issue in over a year. Talk to your doctor and see about switching things up if your side effects are causing a huge issue! And also, for those wanting to know about the oil baron. He didn't pan out. Within three months, her mom got hit up by several Tinder guys claiming to be part of the "oil business" and we even had to go to the cops about one for a blackmail issue. Tinder can be amazing and terrifying...

EDIT2: I guess now I probably have to show this to my fiancée to which she will reply, "I have no idea what any of that means. Good for you, I guess?" I still love her.

EDIT3: A few of y'all keep asking, "why in TIFU?" Well, let me tell ya, if I had posted this the day after it happened, this would have been the absolute lowest point of my year. Even worse than my breakup the year before. Not cumming, not making her cum, looking like a large baby man with a chafed dick? Yeah, that sucked. Just because we got together afterwards and look back on the day as our starting point does not mean that that night didn't SUCK ASSSSS on the whole. I mean, the dinner and the movies were still bomb though. Thanks for coming to my TedTalk

FINAL EDIT: For real y’all, thank you so much for all the well-wishes and congratulations. I told her about this post when I got home from work today and she cracked the fuck up when I read it to her. We spent the night repeating history (minus the horrible sex) by watching Labyrinth in the driveway with a make-shift Drive-thru theater setup/nThis fuck up mainly involves three people me [M32], my wife [F27] and her sister [F25].

So for context a normal Saturday is for my wife and I to drop our kids off at her mothers house and go back to ours for some "good times" and maybe a film, games or meal etc.

This week however is "time of the month" as she puts it so anything sexual is off. 

So off we go to drop off our kids, when we arrive we are greeted by her mother and by chance her sister who happens to be staying there over the weekend. 

Now obviously sisters talk and these two talk a lot so her sister knows what we normally do on our Saturdays.

As we are about to leave her sister says "Have fun" in a cheeky way which I completely don't pick up on.

My brain decides that as my wife and I spent Thursday together for Valentines and today we are just going to chillout, play some games and watch a film coupled with the fact they don't get to spend much time together anymore it would be a great idea to invight the sister along to chill out.

So straight after the "Have fun" and without consulting my wife, I say "You can tag along if you like"

The atmosphere drops like a lead balloon and silence descends upon the scene and I'm still there like...   "what?" my brain still not connecting the dots  so I double up the fuck ups by breaking the silence with. "As you said it will be fun".

My wife's face turns from confused and embarrassed to that look she gives me when I've done something very very wrong and the sister just looks stunned!

Still didn't connect the dots until she explained in the car on the ride home.

I've apologised and explained. I know we will laugh about it later but for now I'm playing LEGO lotr on my own. 

TL:DR I asked my wife's sister for a three way without realising sisters talk about the things they do.

Edit: Well this post went nuclear! Oh and thanks for the golds kind strangers. 

A couple of things i'd like to address, many of you seem to think its bad we don't spend Saturday with our kids. Well I work from home 4 days a week and my wife is a stay at home mom. Our kids are not yet school age so it's nice for us to have time as a couple on a Saturday.

Yes, I spelt invite as invight, oh well.

As for an update, LEGO Lotr is now being played two player!

Thanks all./nThis happened Sunday night.



My oldest son is in the Marines, hasnt been home in almost a year.  He took 10 days leave so he could come visit.  At first, we did not tell his mother in case the leave got denied. When it was approved he just decided he would fly in and surprise her.  I tell the wife i am going over to a friends to watch the packers/falcons game, as a cover to pick him up.  



I get to the airport, and actually watched the second quarter of the game waiting for his plane.  He gets off the plane we talk for a bit waiting for the luggage and then he goes to change into his Dress blues.  Now the whole time ive been texting my wife saying i was bored, the game sucked, i wasnt gonna stay much longer.



We discuss the plan on how to surprise his mother on the drive back to the house.  We go back and forth from having her open the front door to see him on the porch to just having him walk into the house.  We settle on him waiting a few minutes after i go inside, as i wanted to get the whole thing on video.... Free internet points and all that......



I walk in and the house is quiet.  No one in the living room.  A little odd but it is after 9pm maybe by some miracle my other kids are actually already in bed?  Alarm bells start going off in my head when i open our bedroom door and the first thing i notice is the flickering candlelight......



What i did not know was the entire time i was gone, My wife set in motion her own plan for the evening.  She got the kids settled by letting them keep their tablets after bedtime.  Took a nice hot bath, re-did her makeup and when i told her i was on the way home lit the room with candles and put on her "fuck me" lingerie.



So no shit there i was, staring at my wife giving me her best come hither look, with our 21 year old son outside not 30 feet away, waiting to Surprise her.  A handful of reactions to this scene are acceptable.  Pulling out your cellphone and sending a text message is not one.  The text told my son to stay outside.  I had solved the most immediate problem of our son walking in and seeing his mother like that but i was drawing a blank on how to fix everything else.  



So my brain latched onto what has to be most stupid plan i have ever had in life.  I told my wife to get dressed because she would never believe what the neighbors were doing and she had to come see.  The look of confusion on her face was priceless.  It took me 5 minutes to convince her to put on some sweatspants and a sweatshirt to go to the front door.  Finally after dodging all her questions and getting her to open the door, There was our son in his dress uniform and She was estatic.  The noise brought all the kids out and everyone was happy.  Except me, the wife excused herself after a few min and took off the lingerie under her sweats before anyone noticed.  It goes without saying i did not get any action that night.  Also in trying to salvage the whole surprise i forgot to video it for my free internet points.  so i guess TIFU will have to suffice instead.




TL;DR  Didn't tell Wife that Marine son was coming home, Missed out on Sexy times and the second half of the Packers/Falcons game



edit 1: Goldx2? wow thank you guys.  this one post has more upvotes than my 4 year old main account.

Update: Wife is freaking out that i put this on reddit.  Have been reading some of the comments to her this morning.  She is worried that this story will end up in one of her Marine Moms FB groups and they somehow will magically know it was her lol.    Son wants to take his siblings out for ice cream and the new lego movie, cross your fingers people.

/n Obligatory this didn't happen today, but a couple of weeks ago.

 So I sometimes drive for ride share companies to make extra cash and keep me off of the couch. I live in a touristy area that booms during summer months and vacation rental homes are common... So common that I sometimes do pick-ups and drop-offs at the same homes for different people week to week and family/friend groups of people renting the homes are the norm.

 One particular day I dropped a guy off at a beautiful home near the beach, that I had picked a guy up from just an hour or two prior. So as we arrive I mention this to the rider:

Me - Hey I just picked one of your buddys up from here about an hour ago

Rider- No, must be the wrong house

Me- Nope, he walked right out of that side door. I dropped him off at *names local bar* His girlfriend is still in there though, she stayed behind. (I had seen her kiss him goodbye at the door, but didn't mention this to the rider) You guys having a family/friend vacation?

Rider- This is a family owned home, it's been in my family for years and we don't rent it out. Nobody lives here but me and my wife and I've been in NY for work for the past 4 days. 

Awkward silence as we both come to the realization. 

He got out and I drove away scolding myself for having such a big mouth. 

TLDR- I may have ruined a marriage by trying to make small talk with my big mouth/nI'm in my third year of University taking engineering so this is a little extra embarrassing considering my streak of never being "that person" in the wrong class. To start the semester I ended up missing the first week of school because I was on a last minute trip with my friends. It was completely unplanned and actually a few of my friends who had graduated helped chip to buy my ticket since I technically couldn't afford to go.

Anyway, I came into class a week late and it is scheduled for tuesdays and thursdays at 7-8:15pm. On both those days I have classes all day until 2pm so I usually go home to eat and grab a snooze before the night class. So my first tuesday home I ended up over sleeping and turning up to class five minutes late. So as part of my degree I have to take microeconomics which all I knew about it previously was it's about the economy and money. When I get to class they're talking about supply and demand curves shifting so I just take a spot in the back not thinking twice.

This goes on for 3.5 weeks. I came to class. Took notes. Then did the weekly assignments. On the course syllabus it had a date for the midterm which is Febuary 1st. So the class before the exam, January 30th, I decided to stick around after class and ask some questions. Now I was doing all the assignments and thought the course material was relevant but it was ALL theory based while the class was heavy math based. I understood what was going on but there was obviously some disconnect. I explained my concerns about the midterm to the prof and the conversation went like this:

*Explains above about material*
Prof: "What do you mean theory? All the assignments are filled with math. Are you using launchpad?"
Me: "No the assignments are online. Like the website we bought the textbook from. Whats lauchpad?"
Prof: "Pardon? I don't have a textbook for this course."
Me: "It literally says in the syllabus, look!"
*Shows syllabus*
Prof: "Wait, what class are you supposed to be in?"
Me: "What do you mean...? This is ECON 202 right?"
*Prof starts laughing*
Prof: "Haha this is ECON 301, you have to take 202 before you take my class. This is a new one, I've never experienced this before."
Me: "Well this is awkward. I better go see my actual teacher and explain."

I then just grabbed my stuff real quick and sprinted through campus to go explain the situation to the other guy. I caught him just as he was leaving lecture and explain my predicament. Even showed him my ECON 301 notes to prove I couldn't make this shit up. He just laughed and said the same thing "This is a new one for me." Turns out all the assignments for both classes were due the same day. Same with the midterms. They were relevant because it was obviously a level above what I was supposed to be doing and the only thing I got wrong was the building code. They were both classroom 112, just different buildings. So basically I just spent the last 2 nights forgetting everything from this class all month and learning the real material. Wish me luck tomorrow!

Tldr; I was in the wrong econ class for an entire month until I finally realized. Then had to cram for 2 nights for a midterm. Crazy coicidences all around.

Edit: Well shit, went to sleep and woke up from a friend texting me saying "You made the front page you motherfucker hahahahahaha". The exam is in a couple hours and I will update you on my grade but to clear up some of the comments:

1. Ya, the trip wasn't the smartest but I had fun and went to Tiesto's birthday in Vegas amongst other kool stuff. Life goes on.

2. I was doing the assignments for the actual class with some help from my good buddy google and I had the actual textbook (pirated, no one buys textbooks c'mon). So I do have a grasp of whats going on
.. kinda. He did everything on the board and there were online notes but I figured you did practical application in class and the online notes (actually for my 202 class) were for reference purposes. 

3. I highly doubt i'll fail the course or the midterm. It's amazing how much you can learn in 24 hours with enough caffeine and fear in your belly. I've made it through almost 3 years of engineering so I'm sure it will turn out fine. It'll be a funny story at grad when I get my ring.

Thanks for all the support too. :) Making the front page of reddit just adds to how sweet 2018's been (no sarcasm) and this is just a minor set back.

Edit 2: Just got back from the exam.. I didn't crush it but there is no way I didn't pass. It was twenty multiple choice and 2 five mark short answer questions. The prof also stopped me leaving the exam and said "I usually don't tell students this until before the 2nd midterm but if you score better on the final and second midterm I will take the average to make up that first exam." So all in all I survived and live to fight another day.

Just wanted to say thanks for all the kind words and hilarious stories. I will start going through my inbox and try to reply to some people. In the words of one of my good friends giving me advice in first year eng:

"Literally everyone in eng at multiple, multiple points feel like their gonna fail and life's over. But somehow they keep going and that is the circle of eng life." - CZ

p.s: for textbook help... IG: @redditecon202
/nso today I had one of the most uncomfortable moments of my adult life, I’m still dealing with the repercussions of it all but fuck me if it doesn’t make one hell of a story for you all

okay so for a bit of back story I’m 27 and I live with my girlfriend, we’ve been together for 2 years now and through out that time I’ve seen her parents roughly 3 or 4 times, a couple years before we met they both retired and now they live in a different country on top of that they’re usually travelling so it’s a little harder to spend time with them. Now an important part of this story is my girlfriend and I for about a year now have been making amateur porn, before we met she was a cam model and after about a year of our relationship we decided we were both comfortable making video content together, we make a fair amount of money and both enjoy it a lot. We’ve also managed to keep our sex work careers hidden from our families... up until this morning that is....

So on top of making porn I’m also an aspiring film editor and I am an editor for a couple different youtubers (gotta start somewhere) but I also edit our content and the night before my girlfriends parents came to stay with us I’d been editing a new video, usually after editing I go through and watch the edit to make sure there were no little mistakes left in.

now fast forward to today my girlfriends parents are coming to stay with us for the week, around midday they arrived and everything was going great which was relieving because I’d always got the vibe they didn’t like me very much. We were all sat in our living room watching a film when my girlfriends dad asked if he could use my laptop to access his emails because his phone was having issues, I immediately said sure and led him into the office, now I could have just brought him the laptop but my laptop is hooked up to some quite expensive studio monitors and her dad is very much into audio and I kinda wanted to show them off to him and talk about music with him. So I lead him into the office and almost instantly he notices the monitors and starts talking about how much he loves them and we got distracted talking about them until a couple minutes passed and he brought up his emails again, he sat down in front of my desk as I opened my laptop and entered the password only for one of mine and his daughters videos to start playing on the screen in front of him and not just any video it was a video of his beautiful first born daughter, his pride and joy, the apple of his eye riding a floor mounted dildo whilst I ejaculated on her face, if that’s not bad enough the monitors had been left on and the audio of us both moaning was loud enough for her mother to hear in the living room.

I panicked and shut the laptop but the audio still continued to play for at least 5 seconds after closing it, her dad then proceeded to pretend to get a call and made his way outside shortly after her mom went outside and they began to have an argument, about an hour later her mom came in and said that her dad was feeling unwell so they booked a hotel in case it was contagious because she didn’t want her dad getting us sick also.

Her dad has not spoken to either of us since leaving and my girlfriend and I are both unbelievably embarrassed and nervous about having dinner with then in 2 days but I hope you guys get some enjoyment out of this and I’ll keep you updated if anything else happens 



TL;DR I unintentionally showed my girlfriends dad a video of me cumming on her face and now he won’t talk to us

UPDATE: a couple of you have asked questions about the laptop situation so I’ll explain, as I said earlier in the post I watch the video post editing to make sure there’s no problems before uploading, before going to sleep I just shut the laptop without even thinking, I do this often (I know it’s not good but sshh) if you don’t stop playing a video before closing it will start playing upon opening again. Still haven’t heard from her dad yet. I honestly didn’t expect this to get this big but your comments have made my girl and I laugh a lot so thank you

UPDATE 2: thank you all for participating in a social experiment stay tuned/n[THE UPDATE!!](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c682li/tifu_update_deepthroating_myself_in_front_of_my/)

&#x200B;

Ohhhhh where do I begin. This happened this weekend.

Let's lay out some plot points first..

\-I'm 37 years old and recently dating a girl for a couple of months. She is 26.

\-I work as a film editor, and often have new assistant editors for different projects. I've recently started on a new project and have a new assistant who is a 27 year old woman.

\-I've always worked out, done yoga, I'm fit and slim, and have an above average sized dick. This combination has given me the unique talent of being able to suck my own dick. I've been doing this for many many years, all of my partners have always found this amusing and arousing. I know there are dangers, yada yada yada, but trust me, I've done it a lot and I know what I'm doing, lol.

&#x200B;

OKAY. So, the girl I am dating is very fond of this talent, and told her group of friends about it. One of whom is getting married soon. She was doing her bachelor party, and instead of hiring the beefcake stripper, her friends wanted to see me suck my own cock. I was a little put off by the idea at first, doing this for a group of strangers, but the idea was kind of hot, and it's all in good fun, so fuck it, right? I agree to the plan. I was a little nervous about meeting them first, making too much eye contact, etc, so we came up with the best plan to make this happen.

&#x200B;

There are a few methods to doing this, the easiest and um, "deepest" of which is to put my legs over my head. This way, I would be looking up, and wouldn't really have to look at any of the girls. But the could see full view of my cock going into mouth. (I can draw a diagram if needed.)

&#x200B;

So the day comes, I have a couple of shots of tequila to loosen up. By the time I arrive the girls are already pretty tipsy and rowdy, chanting things like "suck your dick!" from the other room. I prepare myself with the girl I'm dating, and she invites her friends in. They are hooting and hollaring as I'm laying on the ground with a very erect cock. The whole thing is actually pretty hot, and even though my heart is racing like mad, I'm really into this idea now.

&#x200B;

I throw my legs over my head as I've done many time, and start to play along with the "show"... I circle my tongue around the tip, teasing myself. I put myself further and the head goes in my mouth and I hear the ghasps and woo's and girl noises coming from behind me. I'm trying to look back to see them, but I'm a bit focused on the cock in my mouth and really can't see past my head. I start getting more and more into it, and the girl I'm dating comes over and helps me push it deeper into my mouth by pushing my ass and legs down, as we've done before in our own private world. At this point I'm really into and sucking my cock like a champ. The girls really seem to be enjoying it.

&#x200B;

After a some minutes go by (not sure how long), they start chanting "Cum in your mouth! Cum in your mouth!"... Now to be clear, I normally don't do this. I have before, lol, but it's not my thing. But I'm the entertainment, and I aim to please, so in my mind I'm thinking lets do this. I start sucking harder, tongue playing with the tip. The girl I'm dating is still pushing me a bit, her hand on my ass. The whole thing is so hot and I feel like I'm about to cum, and.....explode. It was a lot. I'm shaking and convulsing sucking my tip, they are clapping and cheering. The girl I'm dating let's go of my legs and I fall down, sweating, with a mouthful of cum. Her friends start to yell -- "kiss him!" "cum swap!" - I'm actually not sure what they were yelling but it was along those lines. So I stand up, in a daze, and kiss her, she takes the cum from my mouth, and I look finally at the girls all in joy, except one unbelievably shocked and mortified face - you know where this is going of course. My assistant.

&#x200B;

She leaves the room, I race to the bathroom. The girl I'm dating comes in to ask me what is wrong and I tell her. She loses it laughing - "SO AND SO is your assistant?! AHAHAHAH". I'm not laughing. Assistant isn't laughing and actually leaves the party.

&#x200B;

It's actually a bit of a scene, the girl I'm dating tells her friends, there is laughter, discussion, they are calling Assistant and she is not answering. The girl I'm dating assures me they are all like this, this is no big deal.

&#x200B;

I've been working from home all week. I've talked to my assistant via Slack and we've said nothing. She is in the office. I can't work from home tomorrow. I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE FUCK TO DO. The girl I'm dating said that Assistant is mortified, and doesn't know what to do either. I really don't know what the fuck to do.

&#x200B;

tl:dr - I sucked my own dick at a bachelorette party, at which my new assistant was in attendance. We haven't spoken about it since.

&#x200B;

EDIT:  [The diagram](https://imgur.com/a/rR31eBi)!  I'm a terrible artist, forgive me.  I'm not a turkey, I promise.

EDIT 2: To clarify, I don't think she was mortified at what she was watching.  I think she was mortified when she realized it was me.  The diagram above is meant to show that they couldn't really see my face until I stood up.  At least this is the logic I am convincing myself of.

EDIT 3:  I'm being very specific that she is not my girlfriend and "a girl I am dating" because honestly I wouldn't do something like this with my girlfriends friends.  I don't think either of us see a future in this relationship, we're just having fun.

EDIT 4:  Yes, they were staring at my butthole.  I'm well groomed, no one seemed to mind. To be honest if,

EDIT 5:

Since everyone is asking, I'll offer my thoughts.  No, I'm not gay or bi, and have never sucked someone elses dick before.  Pretty sure being gay or bi involves being attracted to and/or having sexual experiences with people of the same sex.  It's my own dick, so I think that conversation is pretty straight forward.  By your logic, all of you have given thousands and thousands of handjobs and ew, you've touched a dick like 10 times today at least.

As for the "I've heard it feels more like sucking a dick than getting your dick sucked" - I bring it back to the above statement.  A handjob obviously doesn't feel the same as jerking off.  Kissing your own hand feels different than someone else kissing your hand, etc. etc.  I think maybe the first time its unfamiliar to have your own dick in your mouth, or for those of you "with a friend who told you" .. they probably only tried it once or twice.  But it's become a familiar feeling for me, and it feels wonderful.  Better than jerking off that's for sure.

And yes, I have and do occassionally do this instead of masturbating.

Thanks for coming to my TED talk./nSo my dad has had this didgeridoo in the house since he visited his sister in Australia 10+ years ago. My parents wanted to go out for a walk but I decided I’d eaten too much cheese and couldn’t be arsed. While they were out the internet went down so I was sort of wandering around looking for something to do when I spotted the didg. I thought to myself in all these years I’ve never actually tried to play it (it’s more of a decoration and I barely take it in when I see it) and maybe it’s time. I pick it up and put it to my lips. I felt like I knew what I was doing and that it was similar to playing a trumpet and wanted to play a long, loud note. I take a sharp inhale and immediately feel something hit the back of my throat. I splutter really hard and a small white globular thing comes flying out and hits the floor. At first I thought it was saliva and ignored it as I had a weird sensation in my throat and mouth. It felt like tingling to start with but grew into more of a tickle on the inside of my cheeks and a bit on my gums. I glance down at the white stuff on the floor and see several baby spiders crawling out of it and in all directions. The second I clock what’s happened I feel something tickling my top lip and slap my mouth with my hand. I have a squished spider on my lip and instantly go into panic mode. I run into the bathroom and spit repeatedly into the sink to see crushed spider bodies and some severed legs, some of which are still attached to parts of the body and are trying to drag themselves away from the plug hole. I urge several times and then frantically swill my mouth out with water. I don’t think my mouth will ever feel normal again.

TL;DR - thought I could play didgeridoo, inhaled a mouthful of spiders.

Edit; woah gold! And front page! Ta! Glad you all like/hate my story/nThrowaway because I'm still embarrassed and I don't want anyone to associate the stupidity with me.

For background, I usually make the bed in the mornings, but I didn't yesterday morning because I was running late.

I went to see my dad yesterday but my wife wasn't feeling well so she stayed home. I got back at around 8:30 and couldn't find her anywhere. I checked the bedroom, the living room, the kitchen, the bathroom, everywhere, and I just couldn't find her. Her wallet was there so I figured she just went out for a walk, which is normal since we live in a big city that's active into the night. I started getting worried at around 9:30 because she also wasn't answering her phone. I called a few of her friends and asked if they'd seen her but none had. I called her parents and asked them if they knew where she was, which led to them freaking out because no one could find her. My father in law told me to track her phone, so I went into her apple account and it told me that her phone was in our apartment. I turn on the find my iPhone sound and start running through the apartment thinking I should call the cops.

I hear the sound coming from our bedroom so I go in and start tearing the room up, when suddenly my wife pops up from the bed and asks me what the hell I'm doing. Turns out the small lump that I thought was just a pile of blankets since I didn't make the bed that morning was actually my wife, who went to sleep early because she didn't feel well. She sleeps with ear plugs in so she didn't hear me in the apartment.

I had to sheepishly call her entire family, own up to my stupidity, and apologize for terrifying them.

tl;dr I didn't make the bed yesterday morning and then I thought I was about to end up in an episode of SVU./n**TLDR; Company uses Google accounts that are all connected. I fucked up and abused a policy that turns out results in a complete ban/block on the Google account, and ALL associated accounts. Everyone in my company is now blocked by Google and some of their personal e-mails are also blocked as well. Google isn't helping us out since their policy is final and will not share any information regarding the problem, but we hope to get in contact with someone who can fix this for us.**

Preface, this happened on Friday and is still on-going. I've tried to keep things as detailed as possible but vague enough so I won't be outed since I guarantee someone will read this eventually. I still do not know if I am the culprit, but I am 90% sure that I am. I feel like this is a fireable offence and I will step up and take it if it comes to that. I'm also posting on a throwaway account for obvious reasons.

I work at a pretty sizeable software company, with roughly 100-150 employees. We migrated to Gmail and other Google services about 2 years ago and have been relying on them and the e-mail system to do our job. It's safe to say that everyone is using Gmail or Google in one way or another. Now, our Gmail accounts are set up to our company, so everyone is connected. Keep this in mind, as it will be relevant later.

I have a friend who creates Android apps on the side. I do something similar to this, but instead my apps revolve around cloning .apk files and restoring them, similar to a service called Titanium Backup. 

As a joke, every time my friend releases an app (usually paid), I buy the app and clone it with my software, and then refund it. After that, I send him an e-mail with the cloned version through Gmail with something along the lines of: "Look at this cool app I found on the store, it was completely free! Try it out!", or stupid shit like that. It was a bit of a stupid inside joke that kind of stuck for a while and was only between us.

Recently he uploaded a new app and I did the same thing as usual. I was actually on the toilet at work at about 10am or so and was doing my business in the stall on my phone. I was on my work account and bought the app and refunded and all that jazz. I e-mailed it to him and then finished up in the bathroom and went back to work.

About an hour later before lunch, everyone was talking to each other about problems accessing their Google accounts. At the time, it didn't click with me what had happened.

One of my colleagues requested help and I went to check it out. It turns out that their account was blocked by Google due to ToS violations. Their Google Payments account was blocked as well. I thought this was insane and wondered if it happened to me and everyone else in the building, and surely enough it did. We got banned by Google, all of us. 

The afternoon was pandemonium. We were all freaking out, our IT guys were trying to get a hold of Google but couldn't get in touch with anyone. We could sign into our accounts but not do anything with them. All our work was shared with Google services.

Eventually someone realized that their non-work accounts were banned as well. It wasn't until yesterday that someone made the connection. Anyone who had their accounts as a recovery option were also caught in the ban wave. One of the girls at work was fucking bawling her eyes out since she couldn't access her e-mail either.

Anyways, we were all told to go home on Friday. I went home and looked this up myself, and I found out that this ban (sometimes on the entire account but always on the Google Payments account) happens when someone abuses their refund policy. It bans all the accounts associated with it, and remember how I said all our work accounts were connected?

Yeah...

So it's been two days now and we've been chatting over Skype, no one knows what happened and the IT guys are fucking livid along with our supervisor and boss who are pissed that Google isn't helping us out. Their policy is to not share any information about what caused this and they will not reverse these actions. The posts I've found online relating to this have had similar problems (not to this extent of course), but no one has been able to solve this type of policy breach since Google does not help them, even if it was by accident or due to some other cause...

So yeah, that's that. I'm 99% sure that I am the culprit who caused this. I do not know why Google has a scorched-earth policy when it comes to this kind of stuff, but I fucked up and our boss is looking to migrate away from Google even though we just recently signed on not too long ago. I might make an update next week once this is, if at all, resolved.

**EDIT1:** This blew up pretty quickly. Luckily, I have 3 PMs from people close to, or reps who can help me out. If I missed anyone else, thanks for reaching out. I am in touch with one of them now and I am getting in touch with IT at our office and will have to first explain this and figure out what to do next. I will likely not update until tomorrow or later on depending on how this pans out. /nThis just happened last week. I got home from working out of town Thursday night and my wife warns me that there is a problem with my 7 year old daughter. “Beth” comes in and I can see that she has a few bug bites on her face and and one of her eyelids is a little droopy. She feels fine though. 

I am off work the next day and my wife is going to the office. I wake Beth up for breakfast and her eye is now much worse. It is more than half closed and a little red. She still feels fine. As soon as the doctor opens, I call them and they tell us to come in.  

We get there and I go to check in. The receptionist that I have never seen looks at my daughter and says “Oh. My goodness, what happened?”  So I respond as a joke “Eh, she got out of line”.   

I know!  It’s horrible. I’m sorry!  I have a weird sense of humor and I’m a bit socially awkward.  Anyway, we all smile and giggle before we head to the waiting area.  Soon we are called in. The checkup goes as expected. It’s a reaction to the bug bites and he tells me to use some over the counter Zyrtec or Benadryl.  Then there is a knock on the door and the doctor steps out. 

He comes back in a few minutes later and says that the police would like to talk to me. The doctor is angry. We all head to the Doctor’s office to talk.  

There is a policeman and a policewoman. The policewoman starts making small talk with my daughter and asks if she wants to go in the other room and read a book. My daughter has an irrational fear of the police from when her older brother would threaten to call them whenever she went in his room.  So she says no and buries her face in my side.  The police then tell me that it is better that she is in another room. I saw one of Beth’s cheer coaches bring her son in soon after we got there and mention that she may still be there to watch her. The doctor, still visibly angry goes to check and she is so Beth goes to sit with her in the waiting room. 

The police explain that they have a report of possible child abuse. The Doctor explains that this was a simple misunderstanding. He just examined my daughter and there is no abuse.  I now realize that it is the receptionist that he is angry with.  She makes an excuse and leaves the room. He says that he thinks he has to let her go. He says this is the second incident in 2 weeks. He says that her bad judgement got his practice and the entire executive park closed for 4 hours last week and his neighbors now hate him. 

The police are apologetic but say they need to do a full investigation and ask if I can come to the station.  A friend comes to pick up my daughter who is freaking out at this point. 

We get to the station (they allow me to drive there myself) and my Uncle who is a lawyer meets me there.   The police are apologetic and say they already know what happened but a full investigation and report need to be done. They say it is a minimum of 3-5 days, maybe longer.  I call my wife who goes ballistic.  

The county attorney says that they normally seek restraining orders in these cases, but if I sign an agreement to stay away from my daughter until the investigation is closed they would not seek one. My uncle recommends this as the restraining order would be public record. I stay at my brothers for the weekend and schedule an out of town trip that I really don’t need to make for this week.  I can’t wait to get home to see my family and sleep in my own bed but I’m pretty sure my wife will have me on the couch for a little while.  

tl/dr:  Made a bad joke, got investigated for hitting my kid, lost the right to see her. Sitting in a hotel room on a useless business trip.  

Edit: Spelling

Edit 2:  Update
Thank you for the gold kind strangers.
Wow this blew up.  I wanted to answer some of the questions that you guys had.  I want to thank all of you guys for the kind words and support.  For those of you saying that I am an idiot, you are probably right.

1) I will not be sleeping on the couch.  My wife got over this fairly quickly and is no longer angry.  At least not at me.

2) I am heading home from Boston tomorrow evening and I think everything should be resolved by then.

3) I will not be taking legal action against the receptionist.  She was very young did not do this out of animosity. I do not know what if anything will happen to her job. I am not pushing for her to lose it.  

4) The other story about the receptionist goes like this (as told to me by the doctor).  A few weeks ago the lights in the parking lot of the executive park blew and the landlord had trouble getting them fixed so he rented temporary light stanchions for the businesses that are open past sundown until they could figure out the problem.  These lights apparently ran on gas or diesel.  The receptionist came back from lunch one day and smelled something so she called the state's department of environmental protection to say that she believed that there was a fuel leak.   The DEP closed the parking lot for the rest of the day for "clean up".  It turned out to be nothing./nMy PC sits next to my Stepdad's laptop in the living room. My cat likes to jump on the keyboard or the laptop and lay on it. A moment ago, he jumped up onto the keys and the screen lit up showing me to opened photo gallery. I went over and was going to close the application and then shut down the laptop. I was greeted with three distinct photos.

&#x200B;

One- My mother and my stepdad in a threesome. The thing is, the person in the middle was my mother's best friend. I saw her eating out my own mother as my Stepdad drilled the other girl.

&#x200B;

Two- My mother sucking off my stepdad, In my dad's house. On the counter. Where I eat.

&#x200B;

Three- More tame, but my stepdad (who is bald) with a decent head of hair. I've never seen him with more than a little fuzz before.

&#x200B;

So I have to face them tomorrow with these images seared into my mind.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Saw my mom's porn. Help me God.

Edit: My mother woke me up while I was operating on three hours of sleep and ho boy. My stepdad uses reddit. He found this. You fuckers brought me to the front page. This is my first time ever here and my lord, why this post? Thanks anyway, even though my life just got a lot worse, now I have 10k virtual clicks!

Edit 2: Not 30 seconds after posting this edit my mom said she looked at the computer and couldn't find these images, and then I got my first ever medal in this gold. Fuck the Internet Man :)/nI go to this “mommy and me” thing every week with my daughter. Not because it’s my kind of thing, but because my mother-in-law paid the membership for a year as “a Christmas gift” to my one-year-old (AKA she doesn’t think I am socializing her grandchild enough and this was her way of passive-aggressively correcting my parenting).

Anyways, we go to this thing every week for an hour and all the Pinterest moms are planning themed birthday parties and discussing screen time and sharing gluten free recipes while their kids stare at each other. But all these kids know sign language, and I thought that was pretty damn cool. So I start looking into this and try teaching my kid some basic signs for basic needs, and it’s working! Suddenly, my tiny human who otherwise could not effectively communicate with me knows how to say “more” and “all done” and “drink”! She can call me mom and my husband, dad! Holy shit! Thanks Pinterest moms! I take back all the shit I talked about you to my kid on our weekly drives home. 

Well today with my husband out of town, I didn’t feel much like cooking and since my daughter is pretty laid back at restaurants I decided to go out for a quick dinner. The kid loves French fries and so do I. So we hit the local burger joint and I order a beer, a burger with fries, and a side of fruit. The server brings a little styrofoam cup with a lid and a straw filled with water for my daughter, and I set it out of her reach so she doesn’t hulk smash the styrofoam and make a mess. So of course every time she wants some, she signs “drink”. And every time she wants my attention, she signs “dad” because apparently the slightly different sign for “mom” isn’t as fun for her. Ok, whatever. 

Well I notice a couple tables away, there are a couple of women who are also signing to each other but they’re looking over at us and snickering. I’m like okay, I did like 4 quick google searches, maybe I botched some of what I taught her. It’s fine. But then as the women are leaving, they stop by our table and one of them lays her iPhone down with a message typed out for me to read. It says something to the effect of “she’s calling you ‘dumb’ and telling you she wants to drink alcohol”. 

I’m like... wait... what? So she continues to show me that I have in fact taught my daughter the wrong signs, that there are different signs for “drink (non-alcoholic beverage)” and “drink alcohol” and by balling her first up instead of using a flat hand at her forehead, my daughter has been calling me dumb instead of dad which was already wrong obviously since I am her mom. I can only imagine what the Pinterest moms would’ve done had I shown up next week with my kid asking to drink liquor. 

TL;DR ASL is hard, and my baby has been asking me for alcohol all week due to improper signing

ETA: Thanks, everyone! I’m glad you all enjoyed this post. Please understand that the conversation that took place with the deaf women was totally lighthearted, they were not correcting our signing to be rude or in thinking that I was trying to teach my child proper ASL. They were not oblivious to the fact that baby signing is not the same as ASL. They just thought my baby was cute and used the coincidence to strike up conversation, and it was funny and welcome!

Also please note that I literally searched “baby sign language” and based the signs off of still frames from google. I have no idea how close they were to the real signs. Additionally, this happened 4 years ago when my now 5 year old was 12 months old. She speaks English well, for all of you who were concerned for her development. We were always sure to say the words while signing them. She now has a baby sister who is 12 months old and is signing which is what reminded me of this story that I decided to share with you all. I’m new to reddit and did not realize it was obligatory to let you know that this did not actually happen “today”. You can take back your upvotes for this as necessary :)/nWe are in the middle of the Polar Vortex. I got a phone call last night saying that I didn't have to come in to work the next day, which is awesome because my boyfriend also has the day off.

We decided to get a little tipsy, play some video games, and enjoy being indoors. Well, once we got liquored up we decided that it was sexy time and we went to the bedroom, where we had the lights partially dimmed. I was ready to get laid, because, well, I wanted to. So I told my boyfriend to grab the lube while I climbed on top of him.

The bottle of lube has one of those tops that you push down on one end, and the other end pops up so you can dispense it [like this](https://i.imgur.com/llIJq5V.jpg). I was on top of him, and this is where our drunk-asses fucked up.

Because he was holding the bottle of lube it's right way up, all the liquid was towards the bottom and no where near the lid. He squeezed the bottle hard to try and get the liquid out, but since he didn't turn it sideways, it didn't work. Again, we were drunk, so shit happens.

While he was squeezing the hell out of the bottle, he had it held directly to my labia/clit for the product to come out right where we needed it. He couldn't get any lube to come out, so when he released the bottle, my labia and part of my clit got sucked into the cap, enough for the suction to be strong enough that it held onto my labia as I screamed and jumped off him.  The bottle dangled for less than a second until he grabbed the bottle and pulled it off my skin.

I now have a small, hickey like bruise on my labia, and the plastic caused my clit to bleed a little bit. We sobered up real quick, I fell asleep crying with my boyfriend rubbing my back.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Boyfriend got too close using the lube, clit got vacuumed into the 7th gate of hell./nI asked my girlfriend the other day, "Why do the doors of the bathroom stalls have space on the bottom?"

She told me they're like that so we can easily see if the stall is occupied or not in a "duh\~" tone.

I followed up by saying, "But sometimes, people can see my butt."

She started laughing her butt off and asking why/how.

So I had to explain why my butt was so low to the ground; I wipe my butt after pooping by taking a step forward off the toilet and squatting really low.

I then argued with her that my wiping method is normal until she showed me a link to [http://www.howtowipeyourbutt.com/](http://www.howtowipeyourbutt.com/) and I was shocked.

We were both curious where/how I even learned that from.

Was it a potty training error? Apparently not. We asked my parents, sibling, grandparents, cousins, aunts, & uncles if they wipe their butt by squatting, too, but no one does that except for me.

So, I've been wiping my butt and mooning hundreds of people in bathroom stalls for 20 years of my life.

\#dead

TL;DR

For 20 years, I squatted all the way to the ground after pooping in order to wipe my butt./nI applied SPF 100 sport spray, every hour (give or take) for roughly 4 hours. I was hanging out at the lake and at slightly higher elevations so the water reflection and elevation probably increased the damage. 

I pretty much had no idea that I had a problem until I scratched an itch on my back and it hurt really bad. I considered for a split second that I had a burn but like an idiot, I rationalized it as "sunblock burned the broken skin from the scratch". 

The blisters formed by the next day and I started reading the can to see if I missed something about applying it. I found the customer service number and called it. Before talking to anyone, I heard a recording tell me that the FDA doesn't require expiration dates on sunblock and to consider it expired after 3 years. This bottle was easily 4-5 years old.

I had no clue. 

I went to the doc and got some amazing medicated gauze and they sent me home with pain meds after cleaning the burn off and showing everyone in the building. 

It was easily one of the most painful things I have ever experienced. Except when my tank top straps got dried to my blisters on my shoulders and became part of the blister scabs overnight. Trying to pull them off was almost blackout pain. I soaked in a tub for a while until they basically melted off. 


This was preventable- Sunblock expires, please check yours and make sure you store it according to the instructions. 

NSFL
 https://imgur.com/3nge8Nm.jpg 


EDIT- I want to clear up: I'm naturally, very pale person, I was at high altitude while on and in the water. I do not blame anyone but myself for this. Whether expired or I stored it incorrectly whatever it was- it was my own fault. I should have been careful with making sure the things I use to protect my skin were being used as they should have been. 
I agree that all sunblock should have expiration dates, I just don't blame anyone but myself for my lack of due diligence. 
This isn't a chemical burn, just a bad burn on skin that rarely sees the sun with a few contributing circumstances that made it worse. 

I'm not planning to sue anyone although I appreciate and understand why it is being suggested. 
I just want people to have all the information to protect their skin! Be safe! Skin cancer is a real danger.

TL;DR- Sunblock expires./nHey! Y'all remember me? Yesterday, I made [this post] (https://old.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/a2pdlw/tifu_by_making_a_girl_i_like_laugh_so_hard_she/) about when I almost killed a girl by making them laugh so hard it caused an asthma flare-up. Well, thanks to the incredible support of the reddit community (I got hundreds of pms urging me to go for it yall be crazy lol) I asked her out. And guess what....

After promising it most likely would not result in another hospital trip, she said yes! We're going out this Friday for a dinner. I know some people warned me about dating people at work, but honestly after what I happened I think I’m kinda obligated by the universe to go for it. 

Thanks for giving me the support to do it guys. I was gonna flake-out.
So remember ladies and gents, if you ever have a crush on them, fucking dab on them. If it works with the haters, it'll work with the lovers.

TL;DR. Gave a girl an asthma attack by dabbing on them. They laughed too hard and ended up in the hospital. Reddit made me work up up the courage to ask them out. Somehow it worked. What the hell. 

Edit: Thank you for all the awesome support guys!!! Just for the hell of it, I'll be posting updates of how it goes on /r/DateFromADab if you're interested!!!


/nSo my birthday is coming up and I found an item on eBay that I thought would be cool as a present. I figured I would casually mention it to both my wife and my mom...not thinking that either of them would actually try to bid on it.

Well lo and behold, they BOTH ended up bidding on it to try to win it for a birthday present for me and they unknowingly got into a bidding war with each other!!! They ended up driving up the price by about $200 before my wife finally won the auction. They could have just bought it new in the store for $50 less then she won it for!

TL;DR: I mentioned to both my wife and mom about an item on eBay I thought would be nice for my birthday...they unknowingly got into a bidding war against each other and drove the price up considerably.
/nAs usual, this did not happen today...but rather 7 months ago. I'd like to preface this story by saying that at the time of this incident I was 29 years old. First, a little back story...

Sunday, April 2, 2017 started like any other Sunday for me. I woke up, did a little workout and then headed out for the day to get some errands done. Number 1 on the agenda was to get both my girlfriend's oil changed, as well as my own. I drove down to the oil place and got hers done first, then drove back to her house and picked up my car. I drove back to oil change place in my car and had them start on changing the oil on my car. I was sitting in the waiting room watching youtube videos when the event occurred that would forever change my life.

As I watched the video I felt a headache hit right behind my right eye and travel straight back to the back of my skull. Having never had a migraine before, I assumed that this is what it feels like and muscled through it. The pain was unrelenting but not unbearable, though I was a bit concerned at how fast it struck. They finished the oil and as they did, I texted my girlfriend to let her know that I had a headache and would be heading back to her house to nap it off.

I got back to her house, popped a couple Ibuprofen (mistake) and took a nap. I woke up hours later still feeling this intense pain in my head. I decided I would sleep it off the rest of the night and in the morning I would be good to go to work.

I woke up Monday morning still feeling like shit and decided I was in 0 shape to drive to work, let alone work construction all day with the way that my head was feeling. My girlfriend tried her best to convince me that I needed to go to the ER but I told her I just needed more rest and would be fine. She reluctantly let me try to rest as much as I could for the rest of the day, but my symptoms were not getting better. The only relief I could find was taking pain killers, which I'm not a big fan of, and napping.

I woke up Tuesday with the same symptoms and it was at this point that my girlfriend decided, "enough is enough." Against my protest, she dragged me to the ER...and saved my life.

I went in to the ER and told them my symptoms, also telling them that I have an extreme phobia of hypodermic needles and anything intravenous. They sent me to do a CT scan of my head, without the contrast because I wouldn't let them tap an IV on my arm. The CT scan was performed and I was brought back to the room to await the results. As I sat there I caught the Dr. who was seeing me jogging down the hallway. "It was at this point I knew....something was fucked up!" (Dave Chappelle voice)

The Dr. came flying into the room and said, "Hey listen man, you've had a stroke and you've got a pretty major bleed going in your brain right now. I need to tap an IV on you right now, do another CT scan with the contrast and then get you out of this hospital and to Stanford ASAP!"

My life stopped. "A stroke? I'm 29? How could I have had a stroke?" I couldn't comprehend what was happening but I looked to my girlfriend and asked her to phone my mother right away. I got on the phone with my mom and, while choking back tears, tried to explain to her what was happening. (Side note: I live in California but grew up in New Jersey which is where all my family still resides) I quickly gave her a brief run down and then got off the phone as the doctors were trying to move quickly on this. I asked her to please call my dad and hung up.

What happened next is a whirlwind. They tapped an IV, did a CT scan then I was transported by ambulance to Stanford ICU. I was greeted by the entire Neurology department, both residents and students alike. The first woman I met said she, "couldn't believe I was even still awake, let alone walking and talking." She told me, "usually with something like this there are only two ways people come in here: either in a coma...or dead."

As I laid in ICU they tapped an A-line, directly into the artery in my wrist and then two more IV's (for a total of 4) into my other arm. They had me sign over my power of attorney right away because they were absolutely sure that my condition would deteriorate and I wouldn't be capable of making decisions for myself. They were artificially lowering my blood pressure to prevent more bleeding  into the brain, as well as, had some other fluids running through me.

My parents flew in from Jersey by the next day and I was sent for an angiogram later that afternoon (Wednesday). If you've never had an angiogram...consider yourself lucky. I've had 3. They lay you on a table and sedate you with drugs, though you are NOT asleep. They then tap your femoral artery through your groin and run a catheter all the way up to your neck where they directly inject contrast dye to get a more clear picture of the veins and arteries in your brain. Let me repeat, YOU ARE AWAKE FOR THIS!

The first angiogram was inconclusive because there was too much blood in my brain. The blood actually blocked the picture and they couldn't see anything. I was stabilized, the bleed had stopped and I was allowed to leave the hospital by Friday morning. I used up all my FMLA leave (12 weeks) and have been on disability since.

But wait...there's MORE!!!

6 weeks later I had to go back to Stanford for another angiogram to try and solve the mystery of what caused the stroke. This time they found the culprit. I had what is known as an Arterioveneous Fistula burst inside my brain. It's when an artery incorrectly attaches itself to a vein and pumps high pressure blood into a low pressure system, thus causing the vein to burst. To my understanding, the only way this happens is either from a major blow to the head (which I did not take) or from a case of bad luck (which sounds more my speed).

6 weeks after finding out what caused the stroke I went in to have a fully invasive surgery performed to fix the issue. I was put to sleep, had my head cut open and my brain operated on for 12 hours by the BEST neurosurgeons in the world. A 3rd angiogram was performed while I was asleep because they could not locate the fistula at first.

I awoke later that night in the most immense amount of pain I have ever been in. While I was asleep, two more IV's had been put into my arm, an A-line had been put in my wrist again, and I had a C-line, which is an IV in your chest that runs to your heart, put in as well. The fentanyl was about 5 minutes of relief followed by 55 minutes of me begging for more pain killers. They could only dose me once per hour...needless to say it was the longest night of my life.

The surgery was a complete success and the doctors told me I would never have to deal with something like this happening again in my life. The next day after the surgery I realized that I had double vision so bad that I couldn't see with both my eyes open. It was either one or the other. I had to patch my eye until I could see a vision therapist a few weeks later. My surgery was on a Wednesday and by Friday I was released, though still in an incredible amount of pain.

Fast forward, to October 2, 2017.

My vision was nearly back to normal and after 6 months of being on disability, I was finally ready to return to work. I was so excited my first day back, even though I wasn't in the field and was simply doing work in the tool room. Around 11:30 AM I took my lunch and finished reading my book I had been reading. At 12:30 PM I returned to work and about 10 minutes later I decided I had to use the bathroom. I left the tool room trailer, walked across the yard to bathroom, did my business and walked back to the tool room. As I walked back, I looked to my left to see what foreman had just pulled back into the yard, then quickly back to the tool room door....only....there was a problem.

I could see the door, but in my peripheral vision there was what I describe as a floating bubble, that had the scene from my left still playing in it like it was on repeat and it was flashing like a strobe light. I got into the tool room, sat down and tried my best to blink away whatever this was. I started getting nauseous, light headed and my left foot began to tingle. I think I tried to call my fiance (we got engaged after the stroke in April) for help but I don't remember because I blacked out. Next thing I remember was a foreman standing over me asking if I was alright and all I could think was, "how'd this guy get in my bedroom?"

I was delirious, I had smashed my face on the concrete when I fell and had busted my eye and bent my glasses. My supervisor took me to the ER where they did CT scans, blood work, EKG and chest x-rays. My white cell count was through the roof but they couldn't find any sign of infection so they diagnosed it as dehydration and syncopy (passing out).

I did a follow up with my PCP (primary care physician) and when looking at the blood work she asked for me to go back to Stanford Neurology to talk with them. And so I have...and this is where I am today...

I was diagnosed with a seizure disorder. The issue, as I've been told, is a direct result of the stroke and not the surgery. Due to the amount of time I allowed blood to flow into my brain, it has caused bruising and damage to that area of my brain which is what lead to me having the seizure. Had I gone to the ER right when it happened, things may be different today.

What this means for me now is I'll likely lose my Class A license and my career of doing physical work is over. Thank God the company I work for is so large that they can move me to another position where I won't be doing that type of work, however, that still does not change the hurt and disappointment I feel. Working construction has been my all time favorite. I'm a blue collar guy and I get a sense of accomplishment at the end of each day. I've poured blood, sweat and tears into this career and now that aspect of it is over. My days of being on a crew, joking around with the guys and generally having a good time while doing the physical work we do is DONE. It sucks. I'm not happy about it, but I don't let it change my outlook on life.

I refuse to give up on life. I can get through anything and I WILL get through this. I'm out of work until January 8, 2018 at which point I will return and meet my new tasks with the same passion as I did before.

I tell this story as a bit of caution to anyone else out there. Please, I'm begging you! If you ever feel like something is wrong with you...DO NOT HESITATE! GO TO THE HOSPITAL! Don't be like me, Mr. Toughguy, thinking you can get through it. You know your body better than anyone else on this planet, which means you also know when things aren't right.

I thank you all for taking the time out of your day to read my story. May God bless your life and your health

-ZK

(TLDR: Had a stroke at age 29, almost died, had brain surgery, recovered, went back to work only to have a seizure my first day back caused by the stroke and am still awaiting return to work)

[Edit: Here are some pics of when I was in the hospital and the recovery of the incision.]

https://i.imgur.com/Enbwl3S.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/PzvMaWb.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/7IVzKyD.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/Ri55Sk2.jpg
https://i.imgur.com/Zri1BB5.jpg/nThis started yesterday but I didn't realize my FU until today.

Yesterday, I stumbled on a price mistake for the 6 qt Instant Pot at Target, they were ringing up at $10 a piece instead of $80. I decided I would get some Christmas shopping done early and flip a few. I ordered 10 for in store pick up and 10 for delivery in case either order got canceled.

Well the delivery order was canceled but a got an email that the in store pickup was ready. I go to Target and give them my ID, they look it up and can't find it at first. I give them the order number and I hear the one guy say to the other something about it being canceled and they are both giving my odd looks. The one says he has to let the manager know I'm there so they radio over and the manager says it was canceled because of the price mistake. Seems a little odd that they needed the manager over the radio just for that but I didn't think much of it.

Fast forward to a little earlier this afternoon. The doorbell rings and my wife comes and tells me there are 2 guys at the door asking for me. I step outside and they identify themselves as detectives from the State Police Counter Terrorism Unit and they start questioning me about why I'm trying to buy 10 pressure cookers and if I know what they can be used for, if I'm making bombs and so on; they even have a picture of my car from in the Target parking lot. I did my best to explain the price mistake and how I found it, etc. I think they accepted my explanation but I'm still nervous that I'm on a watchlist now.

TL:DR tried to take advantage of a price mistake and buy 10 Instant Pots at Target, got interrogated by State Police Counter Terrorism Unit why I was buying 10 pressure cookers that could be used to make bombs.

Edit: here's the investigator's card since so many people seem to be doubting my story. I covered up personal info so I don't dox him or myself. 
https://i.imgur.com/fFFw7CX.jpg/nSo didn't happen today, but rather yesterday. I invited a close friend to the movies with me. A few odd things happened, and it wasn't until I spoke to a friend of mine that I realized I missed multiple hints that she was into me. 

1) Beforehand, I jokingly texted her about a time a friend of mine and I got stuck in town for four hours charging in front of a hotel (my car is electric). She replies "Don't worry, if that were you and I, we'd make the most of it" with a wink face after. I laughed it off and forgot about it. 

2) Driving home, she tells me about her friends which 'know of every hidden fucking-spot' between the country roads that we were passing through, even pointing out a few. I replied, "I guess that's an interesting thing to know" with a laugh. She then looks to my backseat and goes "yeah, there's not much you could do in [my car] though". I then replied "You know probably not" and thought no more of it.

3) When we get back to her house, she asks if I want to go inside to get a soda, to which I politely declined because I wasn't thirsty.

TLDR: I missed strong signs that she was dtf


Edit: There is an upside to this however: she's very eager to go to the movies again.

Edit Edit: Wow this blew up! I guess it was that bad, thanks everyone

Edit: the first dialogue exchange was done over text, sorry for the confusion/nSo, as I was making myself breakfast this morning, I for some reason started wondering what would happen if I touched one of the glowing wires inside the toaster while it was on. Being the very intelligent man I am, I of course did not want to touch it with my bare hands. I instead took a fork out of the drawer and without thinking, sticked it right into the toaster. A small bolt of electricity shot up from the toaster and the toaster shut itself off.

The worst part is, I still didn't realize what I had actually just done. I just thought, "uh huh, whatever" and put the fork back into the drawer. As I grabbed the bread it clicked on me that there is a current running through the wires and that I had almost electrocuted myself. Maybe I was saved by my other hand not being on the dishwashing table, which is made of metal. If I had been  leaning against the tabletop to reach the toaster better, I would have gotten an electric shock.

I haven't told anyone yet, and I don't think I will.

Tl;dr: Curiosity almost killed the cat./nObligatory "this didn't happen today".  Well, actually I guess it's happening right now.

Today is the Internet Wide Day of Action to Save Net Neutrality, and /r/TIFU is participating.  We support a free and open Internet, so today we have restricted the submissions to this subreddit to give you a feel of what it might look like if net neutrality is ended.

Here are some links for further reading about net neutrality:

https://www.battleforthenet.com/july12/

https://www.fightforthefuture.org/

ELI5:  https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/2443jw/eli5_what_is_net_neutrality_and_why_is_it_so/

ELI5:  https://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1v75up/eli5_us_appeals_court_kills_net_neutrality_how/

Video:  https://youtu.be/l6UZUhRdD6U

If you live in the US, you can contact your government representatives here:

https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/

http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/

You can also contact your state's Public Utilities Commission:

https://www.google.com/#q=public+utilities+commission/nObligatory "this happened two days ago."

I had been together with my girlfriend for almost 4 years. I proposed to her about a month ago, she said yes, and we were incredibly happy! Or so I thought. 

About 3 weeks after our proposal, I notice she starts acting different. Not having sex with me, looking away/down when we kiss. She had also been spending way too much time (at least 4 days of M-F each week) with her coworkers drinking beer after work, driving home drunk, and often pretty late. I went to a few of these gatherings but didn't really enjoy getting slammed on a monday night when I have work the next day, so I often opted out.

We would also share our google location with each other at all times. Mostly because she traveled to sketchy places for work, and I would regularly go on trails, so it helped each of us know the other was safe. I looked at her location one day and it was turned off. I texted her about it and she said that she kept receiving notifications about it so she had turned it off. Hadn't been a problem for the past year. She turned it back on, and it was off again the next day. She also had two phones, a personal and a work phone, which she would keep both with her at all times. I only had the location for the personal phone. Eventually she stopped using her personal phone and only used the work phone.

Two days ago, about a month after the proposal, I decided to snoop because my suspicion was at it's highest, and I just wanted to put it to rest. I used her computer to log into her gmail account and looked at her timeline. She had been going to an address across town about 10 times in the past two weeks. I called her immediately because she said she was at the office finishing up some work that was due the next day. She said she was at work, but leaving to go to the grocery store, which she then did.

I waited until she got home and confronted her about it. She said she had been meeting a guy from work just to talk and hang out, but she didn't want to tell me because she thought I would get mad. Turns out, she met him for the first time about 2 days after the proposal, and started seeing him at his house within that week. I kept prying, asking her more questions, she told me they had only kissed twice, then it turned into they had made out, and she denied every accusation of sleeping with him every time I asked.

The next day when I got home from work, I asked to see her phone to read the messages between the two of them. She said she deleted them. So I said I wanted to look at it anyways, just to be sure. I started recovering the data from the last backup. She sat down beside me while I was doing it, and asked what I was doing. I told her, and the look of panic in her face was real! So she starts talking about feelings and all this other crap while the phone is recovering. I asked her one last time, "before I look at this, is there anything you want to tell me?" She was silent. I asked flat out "did you sleep with him?" and she said yes. Turns out that she met with him almost every day, starting about 8 days after the proposal and had sex with him most of those. Funny enough, the data recovery didn't even work. So that's a win I guess.

Planning on moving my stuff out later this week to a new place. Havn't told her yet. Still can't believe she started cheating on me less than two weeks after she said yes to my proposal, and even more so with someone she met a few days after the proposal. Feels shitty but I'm keeping my head up.

TLDR; TIFU by looking at my fiances location history and found out she started sleeping with another guy less than two weeks after she said yes to my proposal. It has been one month since the proposal now.

Edit: Wow! Thank you all for the encouraging comments! They help so much more than I would've thought. Some of these really got to me, and reading that I should've posted this as a lifeprotip made me laugh. Most if all, it helped me confirm that it was not a FU on my part, but actually a gift that it happened so early. Thank you all, so much! Going to read through and respond to as many as I can.

Edit 2: I know that this post was meant to be posted in another sub, but thank you for being kind, and not focusing in on that aspect haha/nFirst off, dear redditor, I am sorry. This is my fault.

So what happened exactly?

I woke up this morning totally excited to post my first TIFU about how I accidentally made my cat eat her own p o o yesterday. Wooohoo, exciting and funny tale. I write it all out and perfect it, only to post and have it removed! 

hmm, must be a glitch, maybe I need to flair it. 

Reposted, and bam! Same thing!

I messaged the mods asking why? Apparently there is a rule about 'scatological' content. I responded asking how the top post was able to fly by the rules (I mean the dude put a cock ring up his butt and pulled it out, soiled fingers and all). Mod was unaware and asked for the link, so I sent the link and was sent a very concise "Thank you".

I hit refresh and alas, his post was removed! 

I feel a crushing sense of regret and I hereby announce my debt to you of 10k karma, effective immediately.

TLDR: I accidentally snitched on a post, and my cat still ate shit


* Edit: Holy moly, Platinum! Guilt flows through these veins.

* Also, [Ensign, and her shit eating grin](https://imgur.com/a/ZhVJ02s) 
* [Clip of Ensign showing more of her true character](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_PsPDbPQjHg)

* Edit2: Mr.Butt-ring-p-o-o-fingers, please post. I would like to guild you with my undeserved wealth (after you wash your hands)!
* Edit3: Good point. Please post photo of ring as proof.

* FINAL EDIT: u/boraicholol has been found in the comments. Gold has been assigned, and my duty (pls no) is complete./nThis happened approximately six years ago, I was laughing about it with my friend today, who recommend that I post it here. 

&#x200B;

So, flashback to undergrad, things are good and I just started dating this beautiful girl that I had met in class. I was enamored with her, shocked that I loved her so fast, and amazed that she even wanted to date me. The first months are amazing, we can't keep our hands off each other and never seem to be sick of the others company. 

&#x200B;

After a few months into our relationship, I started to notice some concerning symptoms. As you can probably hypothesize, when I pee'd, it burned. At first, I just assumed it must have been something weird with my diet, to be sure, I decided to stop taking creatine just in case. But, as time went on (a few days later), the burning became unbearable. I would literally be struggling to stand while I pee'd because the pain was so intense. After, I would literally lay in my bed in the fetal position until the pain subsided. It was bad. 

&#x200B;

Well, at this point, I was no longer convinced that my diet was causing the symptoms. No, it had to be what I thought unfathomable, my girlfriend must have cheated on me. I hadn't been with anyone else. I hadn't been with anyone else since I began pursuing her, months before we became exclusive. I was shocked. Things seemed so perfect, she seems like such a good person, where had I gone wrong? The thought made my blood boil, until I outright confronted her. I told her I knew she must have been unfaithful because of my symptoms, and asked her if she had similar symptoms. She told me no. I demanded that she come with me to a clinic, that we both take a test, and share our results. She said sure. (looking back at this I feel like a complete dick). We agreed that we would go the next day.

&#x200B;

The same night I confronted my girlfriend, my roommates girlfriend came over to stay at our place. She was being nice and went to do some dishes for us. Around this time my roommates and I had just moved into a new house. In the process all our belongings got shuffled around. As she went to get some dish washing pods, she exclaimed "why are you guys washing your dishes with laundry detergent!?!?!" I heard that and it all clicked, holy shit, I've been pissing out bleach?!?! I instantly felt ashamed and immediately apologized to my girlfriend. She took it really well, laughed at the situation, and we forgot about it. Sure enough, a few days later, after our dishes/cups were no longer saturated with bleach residue, my symptoms disappeared. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Months into a new relationship it began to intensely burn when I pee'd. I told my girlfriend I knew she cheated on me and demanded she go with me to take an STD test. The night before we went, I inadvertently discovered that I had been consuming bleach, causing my symptoms, because my roommates were using laundry detergent pods instead of dish washing soap. /nI had the most vivid sex dream the other day. The kinda dream no one would want to wake up from. I was one of the founding members of the X-Men, and I was balls deep in mutant pussy. So, fucking was literally my superpower. I could cure the sick with my cum. Humans and mutants alike flocked to my cock. Including the members of the X-Men. So, in this dream, I was fucking Blink and Jubilee. Sparks were flying in the bedroom. I mean, damn. I never really gave a fuck about these characters in real life. But deep down in dreamland, I gave *all* the fucks. I experienced the most explosive orgasm. I woke up at that moment.

Oof. I was in the gawd damn plane that time with a string of saliva drooling down my chin, a visible buldge, and jizz stains seeping through my pants. I'm not hung like a horse or some shit, but boners are fucking hard to hide sometimes. Especially if you're wearing loose pants. I locked eyes with the passenger next to me. She wasted no time handing me one of her pillows to place over my penis. It had the words "Best Mom Ever" on the pillow case. *Of course it had*. At that point I realized life was pulling out all the fucking stops. I was too embarrassed to really speak, but I managed to squeeze out an awkward thank you to the passenger. She shook her head as if to say "don't mention it". And then she said this fucking shit: 

"Don't worry, you've said enough in your sleep"

"I'm sorry?"

"I have a son who's also into X-Men"

**Words that will haunt me for the rest of my days.** 

*Edit: Appreciate the Silver & Gold! Last time I checked I had like 5 comments and 3 upvotes. This, I did not see coming. Thanks for all the responses, from the believers to the none believers, you're all equally entertaining! For those of you asking for photos of the pillow, once I got off the plane, I snatched my bags and rushed to the nearest bathroom, where I changed pants. Once I did that, I tossed the pillow in the trash. An Uber was waiting to take me straight to my new job. No fucking way was I gonna bring a "best mom ever" pillow into the new office. This fuck up needs no sequel.*

*TL;DR I came on a plane with the utmost shame.*/nA few weeks ago I flew out to Fresno to visit my younger sister and her family since I havent seen them in 4 years. The first night in town was wonderful and wholesome. They gave me a quick tour of the local sights and we ended up at a local restaurant for a family dinner. The conversation was mostly about family stuff and how the boys were doing in school. The older son ,"Alec", was enjoying thus far his senior year at HS and enjoyed a healthy social life dating often. On the other hand is my nephew "Dan" who does very well academically but has zero game with the ladies. When I pressed him as to why, he admitted he had a hard time approaching them and mostly stuttered and blushed. Alec chimmed in with the fact his brother seemed to fancy more "robust" girls which sent the table laughing with the exception of my sister and Dan. Being the cool uncle I let the matter drop until my sister excused herself to use the ladies room. As she walked away l leaned over and offered a bit of advice from my Marine Corps days. If he liked big then he needed to go to a place where big is not judged. But dont go empty handed. I suggested finding a clothing store that accomodates plus sizes and bring along some snacks as an ice breaker. Now that I think of it I was about 4 coctails into the evening and the snickering coming from my brother in law and nephew should have been an omen of sorts. So the topic dropped after sis returned and that was pretry much my first evening.
 A few days later it occured to all of us Dan was leaving the house early in the day and was returning much later at night in uncommonly good moods. When his mother inquired he explained about gaming with the friends and so on. I however was not buying it. I pulled him aside and got the truth. The boy explained after some trial and error there was a strip mall in town that had both a chicken shack as well as a reputable plus sized womens clothing store. He would buy a bucket of chicken tenders and eat on the hood of his car chatting up women as they walked by. He met a girl and they had been seeing each other. I was happy I could help and could not believe it actually worked. However things went south. 
 A few days after my return to the east coast I received a very emotional call from my sister. She explained between curses lobbed at me she had went clothing shopping one day and when she went to enter the store there was a "Have you seen this man" flier on the door. It was a grainy surveillance photo of Dan sitting on the hood of his car with a bucket of chicken and a two litre of soda. The flier warned of a man/youth approaching women as they tried to shop and though he had been warned off he still may be a threat. When she confronted the boy he rolled on me and his father played ignorant. Now Dan is grounded until the threat of restraining orders die down and I told I am not invited for Christmas. Poor Dan cant go out to see his new girlfriend and blames me for that as well.

TL;DR.  I royally fucked up by telling my 17 year old nephew to meet big girls by hanging out in front of womens plus sized stores with food causing him to be forever grounded and causing  possible restraining orders, as well as me no longer invited to my sisters./nThis happened 2 days ago. So last week I found a thong on the floor in my living room. Smelt it like the animal I am, was clean, and put it in my wife's underwear drawer.

2 days ago in the evening, my wife is getting ready to go take a bath, when she comes down 2 minutes later asking me where the hell does this thong come from.

Huh... I found it on the floor, surely it felt from the laundry basket? It was clean so I put it in your drawer. What it's not yours?

Angrily, she answers it's not hers. You just want me to believe it just appeared on the floor?!?

I tell her what the hell am I suppose to say. She goes back upstairs really angry at me.

So last week my wife was out of town for work and a female friend of mine came take a beer with me. I send her a picture of the thong, asking if it hers. It is. We're both a bit confuse as to how it ended in my living room... We came to the conclusion maybe it got stuck at whatever she was wearing that night by static electricity while it was in the dryer...

Now the real fuck up. My wife is in the bed. I go tell her that my friend was here last week to take a beer. Just texted her and the thong is hers. The only explanation we managed to find it's that it was stuck by static at her clothes.

YOU WANT ME TO BELIEVE THAT?! THAT MAKES NO SENSE

Jesus Christ, I don't even believe my explanation myself. I tell her to believe what she wants, I don't fucking know how the thong appeared in my living room, that I don't have anything to redeem myself. I take some clothes and go sleep at my parents' home.

The next morning she calls me. She tells me that she decided to believe in my stupid story, because the thong was indeed clean and it's logical that I'd put it in her drawer. And if I was cheating on her, I'd be fucking stupid to put my mistress panties in her drawer. Asked me to come home and we laughed a lot after that.

TLDR : Found my friend's thong on the floor in my living room, put it in my wife's underwear drawer. Almost lost my wife to it.

EDIT : OMG it exploded. Thanks for the silver mystery redditors! I know a bunch of you called me a liar and a cheater, that's ultimately your right! Had fun with the others that told similar stories :) And yes, I told my friend that I sniffed her panties, asked her what her fabric softener was.

EDIT2 : The [thong](https://imgur.com/a/KtGzDeU) in question

EDIT 3 : Wow thanks for the gold! I answered to a bunch of you, but I'll not be able to keep up! There's too many comments! I hope you guys have a nice day!

EDIT4 : addressing some comments. No I don't think my friend did it on purpose to have my wife divorce me so she can have me all for herself. Yes I have the right to hang out with other women and have a drink with them. My wife also has the right to hang out with other men and have a drink with them. Finally, my friend's fabric softener is Fleecy./nTitle says most of it.  I was at a tech conference today.  I like to broadcast random WiFi hotspot names to mess with people and after the recent story about the Planet Fitness  I thought it would go over well as a joke.  I mean, who hasn't seen "FBI Surveillance Van" as a network?

*Holy fuck.*  **Do not do this!!!**

Cops got called.  I got to spend about 45 minutes chatting with them.  They asked a lot of questions.  They had to make sure I'm not a threat.  I cooperated fully.  I have no doubt being a white guy at a nerd gathering probably helped.  I was told I wasn't being charged.  I was, however, told to leave by the venue and not come back.

Flash forward two hours and I go to log into my work email on my phone.  Huh.  Password failed.  Huh, again.  Ok, let's not fat finger this and lock the account.  Pull out the laptop, remote into my work PC.  Go to log in.  "Your account has been disabled. Contact your systems administrator."

20 minutes later I get the text message.

*You are being placed on paid administrative leave effective today 5/23 while the agency investigates today’s events surrounding you being removed from the <venue>. You are not to complete any work, access agency networks or report to the office during your leave. We will contact you when the investigation is complete.*

tl;dr: Immature joke kills career, film at 11.

**EDIT:**  Thank you for the influx of comments and messages.  Most of you are right, I am a fucking idiot.  One doesn't come to r/TIFU to brag about the good shit they've done.  No matter what you say, I'm trying to keep up.  You're helping me cope.
 /nThis happened a few years ago and I was living in Zimbabwe at the time, and I was having a pretty bad day, I was going to see my auntie who lived about 400km away from me. If youre african you'll understnad that this  was no small journey. So I got in my car and set off and about 3 hours into the journey i came across a Dude by the side of the road who was going in the same direction, so out of the goodness of my heart i said jump in. we go to talking and he happened to be going to exact same village as me and he knew my auntie!.

Half an hour passes and we're making polite chit chat and reminiscing about old times in zimbabwe, when all of a sudden he tell me to pull over, so I do. he runs out of the car and starts making wretching noises, so i assume he's throwing up, its dark at this point so i cant really see much, so i go check on him ( first mistake).
I get out and go to his side expecting him to be there but he's not.....Then I here someone behind and me and before i know it im unconcious! so I wake up a couple hours later( iknow this becuase the sun was coming up at this point) without my car, clothes or wallet. so im thinking great. i look around and see im on some farmland wearing the giys clothes. SO i start walking in no particular direction and eventually come across a settlement. 

I explain to them my situation and they tell me that the nearest main road is at least a good half a days walk from where I am and they dont get many cars coming through this part but they heard one last night ( which might be our thief). I start walking in the direction they point me in and after what felt like forever i come acroos a road, so I pitch up and start waiting, ( now i know  most of you are thinking why not call someone, i had no phone with me and I dont have the best memory so I didnt know any numbers that would come in handy). after a couple of hours a car stops and lets me hitch I let him know the situaion and he says we're in the complete opposite direction of my intended destination but he's willing to drop me close enough to walk the rest of the way to which I thought great!

its takes a good two days to get there and he drops me off and i say my goodbyes to my driver, I take down his number so i can repay him later on. At this point im starting to recoginise my surroundings, I walk for a few miles and as im getting closer to my aunties i can here a lots of singing and what appears to be a large crowd which i though was strange. Im about 100 feet from the house and i see my Son which again i thought was strange because he was meant to be in school at this time, but instead of running to me and hugging me as he normally does...he runs away screaming to my complete bewilderment. I get to the the gate and all of a sudden the large crowd alerted by my sons scream has stopped singing and is stood silent. my wife appears and starts to run towards me hugging and kissing me like Ive been gone for months. My auntie appears and immediately faints when she sees me.

I still have no clue whats going on at this point and im exhausted, so we rush to get my auntie inside and I see my picture ontop of a large box that resembles a coffin sitting in the living room....


So it turns out that the guy who robbed me and made off with my car my wallet and all my clothes was in a car crash so bad that they couldnt identify the body and because the only things they could use to identify him was  my wallet, they assumed it was me that had died in the crash. since there was no body of sorts they could arrange the funeral preety quickly and that is what I had stumbled upon.
My son still has nightmares to this day and and my wife has told me never to pick up a hitch hiker ever again.

TL;DR Got carjacked, robber died and family thought it was me, they arrange my funeral and I somehow manage to stumble upon my own funeral.

/nThis happened a week ago, but the awkwardness is still as strong as ever. 

Stress has always gotten to me pretty easily, but the last few weeks or so have really been something else. Aside from major examinations coming up, pressure to do well from my family and a severe lack of sleep (some times less than 5 hours a night), my wisdom teeth were also getting removed in a few days, which I was extremely anxious about. All together, I was having a pretty bad time coping with it all, so, being the horny teenager I am, I often find solace in my penis and its best buddy, my right arm. 

So, upon returning after getting my teeth removed in what seemed like a dream, I lay down in my living room with my family, watching TV. I dozed off a couple of times, and was generally quite disoriented. Being both high off anaesthetics and tired is not a good combination, and after waking feeling drowsier than ever, the upcoming exams dawned on me once again (especially since I had done next to no study at the time). 

Not really caring to face the problems that troubled me, I decided to reunite the dynamic duo (that being my right arm and my beloved penis) and forget about it all. 

And so off I went. Except I forgot one thing.

I was still in the living room, in full view of my entire family.

Somehow, my gassed up, tired brain managed to convince me that I was not in fact sitting with my family by our TV, but was instead comfortably laying in bed, in my own room. 

I don’t really understand how or why it happened. A few seconds in and I began to notice the puzzled eyes that curiously seemed to be looking right  at me, with expressions that transitioned from shock at my brazen meat smashing, to anger and outrage, accompanied with intense giggling.

I snapped out of it of course, realising the insanity of my actions, and beheld the pure, unfiltered embarrassment I put myself in. 

I’m not going to talk about what happened next, as I don’t want to relive the next few moments.

My father is just disappointed. He hasn’t talked to me much recently, and the long awkward silences on the drives home are not too pleasant.

My mother believes that we should “embrace my sexuality”, and is potentially setting up a group therapy session as I write this. 

And I'm just studying my ass off, poring through books, it’s a good excuse to be alone. I find myself hoping that none of it really happened, that maybe I was just dreaming while I was gassed up. 

But it did happen, and boy does my life suck right now.

TL:DR Returned from dentist gassed up, beat my meat while in front of my whole family, I now live in shame./nYesterday evening my GF and i thought it would be nice to watch Lord of the Rings after coming home quite late. After aproximately 4 hours i was really tired and couldnt think straight anymore. She had her "strawberry week" so she was plugged, which I frankly didnt care too much about. We just came along the credits in the movie and i was casually stroking her ass when i realised there is a thread hanging somewhere.

I thought its just a random thread from the blanket, you know the ones hanging from some clothes.

I think it was muscle reflexes or something like this, my tired brain didnt think at all and i just pulled hard without realising of what i just did.

My girlfriend said: " WTF are you do-" and it was already out creating a mess everywhere until i realised what actually happened.

After explaining that i thought its from the blanket, my GF couldnt stop laughing and i felt quite ashamed. Made up the bed right after and went to sleep right next to my still giggling GF.

**TL;DR:** Accidentally "unplugged" my girlfriend while watching a movie creating a mess in my bed

**Edit**: Wow my first gold and first silver! Thank you kind stranger!

**Edit2:** And Platin! Thanks a lot guys!/nThis literally just happened about an hour ago and had me and my husband alternating between cringing in embarrassed, and giggling like a couple of immature schoolchildren.

For context, my husband works away at sea for weeks at a time; he is due to leave later today, so is busy getting organised and packed up ready to go. 

He realised that he had ran out of razor blades, so being the loving wife that I am, I offered him one of my unused razor blades to tide him over until he can buy more on the mainland.
He commented that he didn't want to leave me short, and I assured him that that wouldn't be the case as I use an epilator on my legs and underarms, and only shave my foo-foo when he's due home. Cue my daughter walking into the kitchen at that exact moment and awkwardly making eyecontact with me before walking back out the way she had come. 

TL;DR Basically the title, and the fact that my 13-year-old daughter has learnt a bit more about her mother than probably either of us are comfortable with her knowing.

Alternative TL;DR courtesy of u/knowultimem: you you made a boo boo about your foo foo because you wanted to screw screw and now there is nothing you can do do

ETA I'm loving all the pet names for genitalia!/nSo my wife and I have a four year old and a one year old.  When our one year old is up to mischief and we tell him "no" he immediately looks up at us and starts crying.  It's actually pretty adorable.

In order not to upset him we frequently refer to it as the "N Word" when he's around.  

Queue two weeks ago when our four year old is in daycare and telling all his friends and the teacher that "mommy and daddy use the N Word all the time and it upsets his brother and makes him cry".  Teacher berated my wife and told her we were horrible people and didn't really get it when my wife explained that it was a big mix up.

We also got Child Protective Services called on us anonymously.  Think it's the teacher but it may have been a parent.

TLDR: Everyone at our kids school thinks we are constantly throwing "the bad N word" around our sons and are horrible people and parents.
/nThis actually happened over Christmas last year.

My family, including (paternal) my grandparents, Aunt, Uncle, and cousins and 2nd cousins were having Christmas dinner. 

My grandfather brought up that he did AncestryDNA (or was it 23and me?). I don't remember the exact one, because I can barely think about it. It's hard just writing this up.

It was really cool to hear what he found. He found mostly Scandinavian spread out over the British isles, particularly Wales. We knew this part already, but then it was discovered he's 3% Persian! Very small, and probably doesn't mean much really, but cool nonetheless. He's a huge genealogy guy, so he's been working on his lineage. 

The only ancestor he's mentioned that makes me question the validity of his findings is that we're a direct but illegitimate descendant of King George III. The reason why I question this is King George III is recorded as one of the few Kings who never had a mistress. 

However, he believes it because there's a diary passed down our family from the brother of this woman who supposedly was a mistress of King George III (we are descended from the woman). He mentions traditions and the honor, etc etc etc.

ANYWAY, off topic. I thought it was fascinating, and I love hearing what he's found. I brought up possibly using my Christmas money (we get money from them instead of gifts) to get one of these kits. I don't think I was really going to do it, I usually use the money to pay bills.

Silence. And it was that thick, uncomfortable silence. Everyone but me, my sister, our husbands and parents left the table.

My sister and I look at each other quietly, wondering who's the half sibling. My parents haven't said anything yet, and trust me, this is a complete surprise that it would even be an issue. We look like our parents, the only thing that's different is my eyes. I have weird Hazel eyes that can shift from bright green to a weird shade of blue with an amber ring around the iris in light or because of the outfit of the day. My sister has hazel eyes too, but hers are just a green/brown color. 

I always just figured it was one of those things where it was a recessive trait that just decided to pop up in me. I never really thought much about it unless my sister whines about how it's not fair I have such cool pretty eyes. 

Well, okay.

Dad starts first. Dad (D), Mom (M), Sister (S), and Me.

D: There's a chance 3ar3ara_G0rd0n, that you're not my daughter.

S and Me: Imagine that wide-eyed stunned look. My sister grabs my hand (I love her big sister ways).

Me: Okay, um... 

D: Your mom never had an affair. This isn't some cheating story.

Me: Wha.. (I start to feel very sick).

M: I hoped to never have to tell you this. I was raped. The reason we're not sure is because your dad and I had sex earlier that day.

Me: (I want to die, I start crying). Everyone else knows though, if they left the table.

D: Your grandparents know.

S: Okay, well, the guy is in jail, right?

M: No, they wouldn't move forward with the case. 

Me: He's still out there?

S: But obviously we're far away from this guy, right?

My dad and mom look at each other. 

M: It was my brother.

I felt so sick. I felt... dirty. I had to run to the bathroom to throw up. I couldn't stop shaking. My sister came into the bathroom with me and we just cried. We probably should have been with my mom then too, but we weren't thinking.

Our husbands were just stunned and quiet.

The rest of the vacation was just weird. If it weren't for my nephews, I'm pretty sure I would have just gone home.

Oh my nephews are wonderful.

Well, we came home, and I had to battle with the "Do I want to know?" thoughts. I could get a DNA test. But I couldn't do that to my parents if it came out... wrong. But it weighed on me too much. I had to know in order to move forward. So I asked my dad if he would submit his DNA with mine. We weren't going to tell my mother if it wasn't the outcome we wanted to save her the grief. It was hard asking him to not say anything to her. He should be able to talk to his wife.

So we submitted the test. 

I am my father's daughter. I cried when I got the results. It was a huge weight off my shoulders.

I made a decision not to tell my dad - I wanted to surprise them. I kept saying I hadn't gotten the results back. I did tell my sister though.

I gave them the piece of paper on Mother's Day. I was going to wait until Father's Day, but I couldn't. So I got a blank card. 

Inside I wrote: "Mom, Open the paper." She opened it and I had written Happy Mother's Day, and Happy Early Father's Day. 

Lots of hugs and tears that day, yah? 

Thank God.

EDIT: left out half a sentence, oops. 

It was my uncle on my mother's side. I have met him. My sister and I were never without our mom or dad in the room if he was there. 

Family did sweep it under the rug, because there is a much longer history between him and my mother. 

My parents did try to get him charged, but the prosecutor wouldn't go through with it. Two sperm donors created reasonable doubt even though yes it was her brother. Incestuous relationships happen more often than we think there I guess was his reason. Plus my maternal grandmother and the rest of them didn't believe her. 

My mom didn't go No Contact until 2005 when the straw finally broke the camel's back. Why that long, I have no idea. Those are her reasons. 

She did resume contact a few years ago bc my grandmother was dying. I guess there was a big talk and she begged for forgiveness.

Grandmother is dead now.

This happened in Louisiana. 

EDIT 2: Mods, if this isn't considered appropriate for this sub, please feel free to take it down. I thought I fucked up by the secret coming out in the first place. But it is a happy ending. I leave it up to you glorious mods.

**TL;DR:** I found out I could have been the product of a rape - by my Uncle. Anxiety and tears ensued. Found out I am my father's daughter. Surprised them. Happy Ending!/nNow this TIFU didn't happen today, it was a couple of weeks ago and I am still struggling to come to terms with the embarrassment, for both me and my girlfriend.

So, a few weeks ago I was at my GF's house, usually the plan when I go is I sit around with her parents for around 30mins-1hr or so with just general chatting etc then we go off to her room to watch TV, play games and other stuff. Everything was normal, I chat to her parents then go up to her room with her and start watching general TV.

This is where the fuck up happens.

After around an hour or so, me and my GF were bored and she was feeling pretty horny today (not normal behaviour, especially whilst her parents are home) and begins to undress me and start giving me a handjob.

I'm enjoying this more than I ever have, most likely because of the risk factor involved with her parents being home, which just made it feel so much better. Although the risk wasn't huge, because her parents have never disturbed us once since I started going there, they just leave us to it but still, the slight risk just made it feel really good.

She starts kissing my chest, them down to my waist and then starts sucking my dick. Literally within less than 30 seconds, I'm already ready to release my load, I try to get her to slow down and stop to save my embarrassment from prematurely ejacating but I just can't, it feels too good. 

Right on queue, her door starts to open so my girlfriend quickly stops, in walks her mother to ask us a question about going out for dinner together... she instantly gets an eye full of my girlfriend on her knees on the bed next to my dick whilst I'm there in my birthday suit. My girlfriend stopped too late though, so whilst she's staring at her mum in shock who's staring at both of us in even more shock I release my load all over my body in front of both of them, and she wasn't even sucking my dick at the time. Not only was it a ruined orgasm, her mother also got to see the final credits. Her mother didn't even say a word, she just walked back out and closed the door behind her.

I sit there completely naked, covered in my own cum in just pure embarrassment. My girlfriend went to get me tissue to sort myself out and then I hid in her room until they had gone to sleep and it was time to leave.

Although me and my GF are still together, I haven't been back or spoken to them since :(

TL;DR - GF was giving me a blowjob whilst her mother walked in, she stopped but it was too late and I ejaculated all over myself in front of both her and her mother, whilst in my birthday suit./nThis happened last night/the wee hours of this morning. 

Last night while my SO was at work, she asked me to pick up tampons on my way home. She is a bartender and didn’t want to stop at a store or gas station late night when she got off. 

Me, being a guy, completely forgets until about 30 minutes until she is scheduled to get off work. So I jump in the truck and haul ass to the nearest 24 hour mega store. 

While I’m making my journey, I decide to roll the windows down and blast some music to enjoy the summer air. I’m in a pretty great mood. I had the day off and my SO was about to be off and we had plans to binge watch some New Girl. 

My journey into town is about a 35 minute drive down a road with literally no streetlights and no buildings. Just open desert. So while admiring the full moon, my mind starts to wander. “What can I do to add a little romance to this situation? Cover the bed in some dove chocolates? Maybe some flowers?” 

I make it to the store, retrieve the items, and start my trek back home. Miraculously, I made it back home before her.

Finally I decide, “Nah, romance isn’t nearly as great as comedy.” So when I get home, I break open the box and spell out “Anal?” on the bed with the tampons. 

SO gets home and goes straight to the room to change. I follow her in seconds later and find her on the floor laughing. 

She takes a picture, posts it on r/funny (her second post ever) and it blows up. Now she won’t stop teasing me about having more karma and how she is “famous”. 

I’ve created a monster. 

TLDR; Spelled out “Anal?” with my SO’s tampons. She thought it was funny and posted it on reddit. Reddit agreed and now she thinks she’s famous and is holding her new found karma over my head.

Edit: WOW! My first ever medal. Thank you kind stranger. Now at least I can hold this over her head whenever she randomly shouts out how much karma she has.

Edit 2: gentleman, we are currently in the lead. Whoever has more karma at the end of the night gets to fuck the others ass.

Edit 3: we are ending this “contest” at 11:59 PST on 7/17/19. It looks like I am going to win but since she is not able to edit/update her original post, I would like to say a few things... I had no clue this would blow up like this. I thought I’d get 10 upvotes and send it to her as a joke when she was being obnoxious about having 2500 more karma than me in the span of a day while I’ve been in here for a year. This has made our day off together one of the best ones in a while. 

That being said, please go show her some of that love I know reddit is so capable of showing. She is truly my better half and deserves all the attention and happy comments./nTitle speaks for itself. I was trying to inject mice to give them cancer and accidentally poked my finger. It started bleeding and its possible that the cancer cells could've entered my bloodstream.

Currently patiently waiting at the ER.

Wish me luck Reddit.

Edit: just to clarify, mice don't get T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (T-ALL) naturally. These is an immortal T-ALL from humans.

Update: Hey guys, sorry for the late update but here's the situation:
Doctor told me what most of you guys have been telling me that my immune system will likely take care of it. But if any swelling deveps I should come see them. My PI was very concerned when I told her but were hoping for the best. I've filled out the WSIB forms just in case.

Thanks for all your comments guys. 

I'll update if anything new comes up/nSo I’ve been spending A LOT of time around dogs. I’ve recently been hired by friends families and family friends to walk or watch their dogs. My reddit is COVERED in dogs from various sources. My Facebook is solely dog pages and dog-related charities. Basically everywhere I turn, I see dog. Not a bad life to live. Until yesterday (YIFU I know). I walked one of my mother’s friends dog to a dog friendly pub and sat in the garden enjoying a drink and the sun. It wasn’t very busy with only a few other people sat outside around me. It’s hot. I’ve just walked in the sun for maybe 20 minutes, stupidly, without water. I want to blame dehydration for this FU, but really I know I’m just an idiot. A couple of young ladies are sat a few tables away from me, talking and cooing over a pushchair. My first thought is that in that pushchair... is a dog. I don’t know. It’s a hot day and I’ve seen dogs in pushchairs before. Maybe they didn’t want its paws on hot tarmac. Maybe they’re just a little extra. Regardless, the thought that babies exist didn’t enter my tiny stupid brain. As they got up to leave and walk by me, I decided to be a friendly fellow dog walker and looked up at them, uttered the words “What breed is it?” and gestured towards the pushchair. They looked very confused, and slightly offended, and proceeded to hurry away. It was a baby. A HUMAN baby. I’m so glad they took the traditional British approach of confused stare and silence. If they had said something I think I would have disintegrated on the spot. It was a long walk home after that and thankfully, I didn’t pass anymore pushchairs. 

TL;DR I asked a woman what breed her baby was after seeing one too many dog on the Internet./nI finally get to post a fuck up. Happened an hour ago, still afraid for my life.

My gf and I were playing mario party 7 for the first time ever. Awful game by the way. Anyways, as most of you probably know, you can pick what direction you character travels around the map. The gf, in 3rd place with nearly 100 coins is making her way around the map.

The star was right in front of her at the crossroad. 

As she approached the crossroad to pick up the star, i sarcastically suggested she go right.

Which she immediately did.

I have never seen anyone so angry in my life, and I've worked both as nightclub security and loss prevention in my time. Nor have I ever been so afraid. She ended the game with 0 stars...

"I will kill you in your sleep" she stated.

The rest of the game was spent in dread. Its now 3am and I'm hiding in the bathroom typing this while she makes serial killer noises.

Goodbye.

Tl;dr Mario Party 7 is a terrible game./nWhen I was 7 ,about 12 years ago, me and a few of my buddies here playing pretend as spies on the bus home from school. So spy's have the cool invisible speaker in their ears to contact people and I thought it would be a good idea to use a googly eye that  I had lifted from school in the place of this speaker.
The googly eye idea worked perfectly for a minute until I had pressed it too far into my ear and in trying to grab it out I pushed it even further in. I was kind of worried at this point and decided to ask my big cousin, who was on the bus, if she could get it but she said you couldn't see it in my ear. I could hear it rattling and it was very annoying but being too scared to tell my dad, I stupidly decided to let it be for the time being. After a few days it stopped rattling and i assumed it had fell out and that was the end of that...

Skip forward to this Tuesday;
I do kayaking at university and got a big slap on the head with a paddle and I was submerged under water, after I emerged and pulled my boat out I could hear a slight rattle in my ear and I knew instantly what it was.
It's now Friday and the rattling happens every time I turn my head and I still haven't build up the nerve to go to the doctor and confess my unusual prosthesis.

TLDR: Put googly eye in ear 12 years ago, thought googly fell out shortly after... It didn't

UPTATE:
So this got alot of traction and a good few fellas are posting that they don't believe it, which is fair enough cause I think it's abit mental aswell.

However I'll get a doctor's visit sorted by the end of this week hopefully and I'll get some photos up onto the sub in an update post.

Alot of people are saying about getting my ears checked up yearly and I can honestly say I don't have yearly checkups or have had an ear exam by an actual doctor, someone correct me if I'm wrong but I don't think they're as big of thing in the UK.

Thanks for hearing me out/nThis happened only minutes ago.


The graphics card in my old PS2 decided it wanted to give up on me recently, so I decided to replace it when I had a little extra cash. I was out browsing different sites like Craigslist and the like, when I stumbled upon the PS2 mentioned in the title. It looked like a great deal at the time. $25 to buy it from this guy, whereas a secondhand store in town was selling them for around $45 to $60.


At the time, this seemed like a no-brainer.


Now, I should preface this by saying that I have a strange faith in the honesty of others. Benefit of the doubt and all that noise. After all, the car I drive now is one I bought from a guy on the internet, and it runs great for something that is 27 years old. Why should this be any different?


Starting to sound like a mistake yet?


If the answer is "no," then have no fear. That is almost certainly about to change. The model the seller advertised on Letgo was one of the larger black brick models. Like, the first generation ones. When I finally met the seller, we had a brief handshake and exchange. When he showed me the goods, It was actually one of the slim and silver PS2's from later in the console's production run. He told me he had already sold the larger one.


My first instinct, as many logical redditors would tell me, is that I should have walked away when I saw I was being sold something that was improperly advertised. Unfortunately for me (and I guess, fortunately for the rest of you reading this), I was not in the most logical mood. It was kind of a shitty drive to a pretty sketchy part of town, and it had already been a long morning. I just wanted to get this thing and go home.


Back at the ole ranch, I hooked up the console, slapped in Kingdom Hearts II, and got ready to enjoy the rest of my day. I'm off work and done with class, what else would I do with my evening, right? I was pretty happy with my life until I realized I had been waiting for five or so minutes and the disc wasn't reading. Strange, but not altogether discouraging. I slapped in another game that I new for sure was working. Didn't read. I repeated this several times with discs I knew would work; same story.


Now I'm starting to get slightly pissed. I'm sure you can see where this next part is going.


I open up the app to message the seller and let him know he had sold me a defective console. Not so much to my surprise, he had blocked me. I've now got no way to contact him. Of course not, he just took me for a fucking ride. All I could do at that point was report him and live in my shame. That, or I could get onto YouTube and try to find a fix for a disc-read error. I picked the latter option and went on my merry way. After a video about a quick mod I could make to the system, I was feeling pretty confident that I was going to get the last laugh on this one.


Oh golly gee fuck was I wrong.


Now at this point, I begin to tumble from my perch of the high and mighty, and start snowballing right down that tall fucking mountain. I manage to get the appropriate screws out and pry that bad boy open. It's putting up a little more of a fight than I saw in the videos, but why wouldn't it? It was never meant to be opened this way in the first place. With a little elbow grease, it starts to give. I'm also starting to spot a bit of rust in one of the memory card slots. A bit annoying, but the other one was working a few minutes ago so I can live with that. The further I get it open, the more rust I see on some more critical pieces. I'm sweating again, but holding out hope. Finally, the plastic casing comes free, and I experience the joy of a man that is working with his own two hands to solve a problem.


I experience this joy for maybe a second and a half.


You see, after prying the top casing off of the console, the bottom half sort of clattered back down onto the desk. The first thing I notice is that the inside is covered in rust. The second thing I notice is that some of the rust is moving.


Oh, that's not all rust.


*Ohsonofabitchthosearefuck-motheringcockroaches.*


Do you know that scene in Raiders of the Lost Ark where Indiana Jones is like, "Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?" That was me. Except with Cockroaches. They are the one insect that fill me with more disgust than anything else. And now they're crawling on my hands. And these are the quick little tiny ones that don't give two fucks about whether you've stepped on them or not. I threw that whole console on the ground post haste, which only made them more riled up.


They're getting everywhere now. I'm yelling for help to my roommates and stomping the ground like a fucking mad man in a fit of terrified panic. You would think that something caught fire with the way I was yelling (which is what my roommate said he thought had happened), but no, just cockroaches. Tiny, $25 freaks of nature. Eventually I managed to eradicate most of the insect horde with stomping and shouting alone, at which point I grabbed a can of Raid from the laundry room and finished the job.


At least, I *hope* I finished the job. I'm fairly certain there are at least two of those little fuckers still running around under the bed, but at this point I'm a little too emotionally drained to care. I also get the extreme pleasure of wallowing in the fact that I *basically* just paid $25 to get covered in my least favorite living thing on the planet. Jesus, it's only 3 in the afternoon and I already need a stiff drink.


TL;DR: I bought a used PS2 online, opened it up to fix it, and got covered in cockroaches.

Edit: Hi, Reddit! I just wanted to say many thanks for the gold AND all the offers for cockroach-free PlayStations!  warms my heart, and I'm super happy you guys enjoyed my writing as well. Happy Redditing!/nObligatory this didn’t happen today, but actually close to a year ago. Last October to be exact. 

So backstory. I had been dating this girl at the time for about 4 months. Her parents were awesome and loving towards me, helping me with car repairs (her dad is great with cars) and her mom just being a very lovingly mother figure. They just didn’t want one thing: us having sex before marriage. They had a lot of reasons. And we were actually planning on it. But we both weren’t virgins, and her parents had no idea she had already lost her virginity. So of course, temptation got the better of us. Okay, end of backstory. 

She was a senior in high school and I had just started college about an hour away. We rarely got to see eachother, but when we did, we made it count. We would have fun date nights, cook or go out, and then go back to my place and do the deed. Everytime she would leave I would get sad, but knew I’d see her again. 

One time when she came up, she told me she needed to let her mom know she made it safely, and tried calling her. No answer. She said she was gonna text her. Made sense to me. Once she said we had, we got right to business. She put her phone on the bed, and I didn’t even 

Things went on for awhile. Lots of foreplay and we tried some new positions. Lots of fun. And by the end of it, we both laid down and it was dead silent. Followed by some vibrating. It was her phone ringing, but we couldn’t find it. Then we found it under my ass. We laughed about it for a sec, before she answered. It was her mom. And within seconds, my girlfriend’s expression went from one of laughter, to pure shock and horror. 

Turns out that she hadn’t clicked send on the text she sent out. So her mom has called us during our deed to make sure she was safe, and our best guess is her phone was underneath, and my ass managed to answer the phone. And in turn, she heard some unbearable noises, followed by my girlfriend calling someone “daddy” who was definitely not her dad (the mother’s words, not mine).  

She told my girlfriend to get her ass home now. 
My girlfriend started bawling and started having a panic attack. I attempted to calm her down but she wouldn’t. So I drove her back in her car, all while trying to calm her down and make myself remain calm. Her mother called again and started screaming at her, saying “how could she do this” and other things along those lines. My girlfriend said that we were on our way to talk. Her mother absolutely said I was not allowed over. 

So we got back to our hometown, I parked very close to her house, but far enough where we wouldn’t get caught. She drove home. I called my mom for a surprise “I’m home for the weekend”. She came and picked me up, and I bawled in her arms. I told her everything. She comforted me and told me she loved me and would do everything she could to help. 

We got back to my house, and I laid in my bed, anxious and nervous. I cried and just waited, hoping to hear from my girlfriend. For the longest time, I thought I never would hear from her again. Then finally, my phone rang, after 4 hours. She said she was coming over and we needed to talk. Once she got to my house, we talked for about 30 minutes. She said her parents were calm now, and then I was gonna be able to come talk. I was nervous, but I loved her so I did it. 

When I got to their house, I walked in and instantly just started apologizing. I went on and on about how “we won’t do it again” and how “we’re just stupid teenagers” and most importantly how I was gonna “rebuild their trust”. Eventually they told me things along the lines of everything was okay, they understood, and they just wanted us to be safe. We opened up a lot about my girlfriends past relationship, and how that guy had hurt her pretty bad emotionally, and they just wanted to protect their daughter.

At the end of it all, I learned they just loved their daughter and didn’t want her getting hurt. But they trusted me. And we are still together, now at 1 year and 2 months in. And everything is cool. Sometimes I worry it’s still weird with her parents, but they still show me the same love and support. 

TLDR: My girlfriend and I took phone sex to a whole other level.

Edit: holy fuck you guys I went to class and come out and this is what I see???? Thank you so much for the gold stranger. My first gold!/nSo this started 2 weeks ago

I went to my mom's house for holidays just left today, so my younger brother(17) still lives with my mom. Doing the basic family reunion stuff catching up bugging my brother about women, when to my surprise he announces he had a GF.

 Naturally I start being an asshole and bugging him about the fact that she doesn't exist, very cliche stuff. I get to teasing him about him not losing his V card, my mom is not liking the conversation. His gf ends up coming over, I stopped the teasing I'm not a monster. So I'm talking to his gf getting to see why she is with my brother, she's a half decent girl says she's throwing a party but my mom is being a stickler and not letting my brother go. I tell her not to worry about it I'll talk her into letting my brother go out.

I get to talking to my mother about how she should let him go, she is being very defensive. My argument was the fact that she sheltered him a little too much, we were raised Ying and yang I grew up partying, doing drugs, teenage gang stuff. He grew up in his bedroom talking to his friends, nothing wrong with it but little to no face to face. Saying how a party would be good for him I even offered to go, (I'm only 23) she was worried about if he had sex and what not, I told her he's old enough she brought up that she had me when she was 17, and didn't want him to make that mistake (I know how that sounds). So I finally convinced her she agreed.

So I decide that I need to give my lil bro the wrap your willy speech, he is super awkward about it. I knew my bro was losing it that night. Fast forward to the party, I drop him off so my mom thinks Imma be there. I pick him up he is grinning ear to ear. Bring him home and my mom is not happy with me appearntly her friend saw me at a bar, interrogation begins, he's hung over not wanting to answer. 

Skip to  yesterday, his gf tells him she's pregnant and going to keep it. Well holy fuck did I get reemed out, appearntly she convinced him to go in raw and make her a toaster stroodle. Well as you would all expect a virgins pullout game is not strong, but he has some strong swimmers.  So now my mom is pissed and blaming me, my brother is becoming a father, and I'm becoming an uncle.

TL;DR Convinced my mom to let my brother go to a party and lose his V card, he got his gf pregnant. 


Update 1: So she is swearing up and down she has not slept with anyone else, she agreed to a paternity test. So we gotta wait a bit for her to get it. I'm on the same thought train of all of you thinking they were getting frisky for awhile, they have been together for 2 months. My brother is getting tested for STI's I was all over him about that. Also thanks for the gold and silver (I have no idea what that does). Thank you all for the input and advice, and compliments of my writing. 

Update 2: Everyone is asking for an update, can't really give one we have to wait for her to be farther along for a paternity test. My brother does not have any STI's or STD's my mother is still being unreasonable and blaming me for this,I'm helping him look for work if it does turn out to be his. There are quite a few of you wondering what the "teenage gang stuff" was you can DM and I can explain what I did if curious, how I got out, how my life has changed and all. 

Update 3: *in Maury povich voice* the test results have come back and you are the father! Mother is crying brother is in shock and the GFs family is trying to convince her to get an abortion. Everyone pray for this child. 


Update 4: They are keeping the kid, mom still doesn't talk to me, I helped my brother get a job, and helping him graduate highschool. I've started a savings account for him, and my GF and I are going to move into a place with him and his GF to help them out./nI've been a self-employed confectioner for the past two years and I recently started trying to get back into one of those fancy jobs with an office thingy again. I should also mention that for almost ten years I've used the same handle across multiple social media platforms. It's by no means a secret identity, but it's also not explicitly connected to my real name. Or so I thought. I had been happily emailing my resume and cover letters to many potential employers when I received this email from one that I was particularly excited about:

***I have to say when "Titty Boobowitz" appeared in my inbox I got quite a chuckle, and had to figure out where that came from!  Your twitter profile is great - so much personality!***  

***I look forward to reviewing your application and will be in touch shortly.*** 

Ooops. My stomach fell right out of my ass when I read that. And of course the most recent thing I had tweeted was just a stream of swear words. I tried to do damage control, but I did not have high expectations. Today I finally received the follow up "you're not moving on to the interview process" email.  

TL;DR: Somewhere along the line while I was connecting social media accounts to my email, my real name was changed to Titty Boobowitz in gmail and I never noticed. Then I attempted job hunting. No wonder I got no responses.

EDIT: Just because I didn't make it clear - I emailed a gracious response to the person who does the hiring to let her know that it was my unintentional, embarrassing oversight and I appreciated the heads up. We had a warm back and forth, it was a positive experience overall. I'm relieved to know that this kind of thing happens to TONS of idiots like me. At least I didn't put "attention to detail" anywhere in my resume. 

/nI am so beside myself with shame that I almost couldn’t bring myself to post this. 

But reddit karma is my mistress and I must heed her sweet call. 

So yesterday was my sister’s birthday (this fu didn’t happen today, yadda yadda), I was waking up from a dead, night shift worker induced sleep when my teenaged sister wandered into my room to proudly boast of her garnered treasures. 

“Look what mom gave me,” said my poor sister, unaware of what was about to happen as she placed a pretty little golden ring with her birthstone into my palm.

Now, I cannot stress enough that what happened next took nothing more than a split second. I looked at that ring in my hand and I just got this image of me throwing back my head and swallowing the damn thing like a Bugs Bunny cartoon. My primitive ape brain said “funny joke!”

So I did it.

I think it was the next split second when I saw the horror in my sister’s eyes and felt the ring slide past my gullet that I realized what a horrible mistake I had made. 

So my little sister runs screaming from my room and I hobble out as well, head bowed in repentance and eyes brimming with shame as I admitted that I, a twenty year old grown ass woman, had swallowed my little sister’s ring. No, I didn’t know why I did it. Yes, I am an idiot. No one was amused and everyone was very mad, which is very understandable.

So brief intermission from my sister’s birthday as I make a quick excursion to the ER, where my story is once again not found funny by anyone and is met with either stern disapproval or a remarkable sense of passivity, like you could see in their eyes that they had seen endless shit and to them I was just a simple drop in the ocean of human stupidity. They took a couple X-rays and I hung around the ER for about 8 hours before they broke the news that I was going to live (much to my mother’s chagrin) and to go home and wait for nature to take its course. 

I shat out the ring this morning. 

Happy birthday sis. 

TL;DR: I am an idiot and I ate my sister’s ring because I thought it would be funny. 

EDIT: good fucking god my inbox. Tune in tomorrow morning and I’ll share a picture of the accursed ring

EDIT 2: no, not a picture of it covered in shit.

EDIT 3: front page!! We did it reddit. [Here’s the the divine artifact, as promised](https://imgur.com/gallery/PVA6Zvh). May it’s legend be told for many generations to come. 
/n> So for a bit of a light hearted break from all those creepy incest  posts- this actually happened yesterday but I am ready to laugh about it  now.   
>  
>Theres  this other mom at my daughters daycare, and she is hot to trot. She  looks like a buff version of morena baccarin (sp?) and to top it off  shes super cool and fun to talk to. I don't really know her outside of  drop off/pick up time but we're always friendly and make basic chit chat  when we see one another- smile, say good morning, comment on parenting,  etc.  
>  
>Well  I recently had a pretty drastic schedule change at work and my husband  became the primary daycare drop off/pick up for about 2 weeks while we  all adjusted. Things settled down and I was able to start being the  primary again, and a few days ago I saw hotpants lady- she was still her  beautiful self, but had put on about 50lbs- I was astonished, she was  always ultra fit, how on earth did she do that in 2 weeks? To top it off  when I said hi the first morning I was back she barely made eye contact  with me and just gave me a half smile and curt nod. I asked my husband  if he noticed the change and he said he just thought maybe her recent  switch from workout clothes to big dresses were making her look bigger.  Maybe? No, she was definitely more voluminous. I spent 2 more days  trying to catch her eye and facing chilly disposition and I finally  decided to try and reinitiate friendly conversation with her.  
>  
>Me:  "Hey, I haven't been here for a while, good to see you again! You been  feeling ok?" Her: "Oh, yeah, but I haven't been here in months." Me:  (not catching on) "Oh? Haha, everything is such a blur with kids, I  never know what day it is anymore" Her: "I suppose, but I wouldn't know,  I only watch my nephew when my sister is out of town." Me: (realization  hitting like a thunder clap) "oh, OH! So you're..." Her: angrilly  interupting "Yes, I'm the fat twin. I've seen you staring at me trying  to figure that out." She just sort of stalked off, leaving me mortified-  and now I've got to put my husband back on daycare duty for several  days to avoid the humorless wench who has clearly been eating all the  chips on her shoulder.  
>  
>TL;DR:  I didn't see this sexy fitness goddess at daycare for a fortnight and  assumed she had put on an amazing amount of weight- only to be snapped  at by her plushy twin.  
>  
>edit: this sort of blew up and I realize I made some weird formatting error on mobile, making it hard to read- I hope I've fixed it!/nThis came to a head on sunday night. I've been married for a bit, we had that lovey dovey time, super close, so cute it would a puppy look like a shiftless hobo by comparison. my wife would always leave super early for work, but thats fine. Some people like getting to work early and it seemed to fit that she would be the type to do that.

Then she started having to run errands at night for some reason. She would either leave like 2 hours early for work or go run errands at like 10. This was fine for a few weeks. Then she started coming home with none of the supplies we she said she needed. I dont know why she needed milk or bananas urgently at 10pm, but it raises red flags when you urgently need milk at 10 and then you return with no milk. That this had been going on for months probably doesnt bode well for my entrance for the worlds smartest man competition, which is something i assume that smart people have. I wouldnt know.

My mind jumps to affair. The love of my life is out gallivanting around with some shit bag, probably with a cool name like devin and a magnum dong. stupid devin. I figured i would test this theory by offering my own dong to her the next time she had to take a late night errand run. I basically fell short of presenting it to her on a silver platter. She declined, said maybe when she gets back. Like i wanted devins sloppy seconds. So i follow her. There is a dennys down the road from our house. She gets out and goes in. Im in my car, imagining how im going to put the pain on this slick jerk while berating my wife. I go inside and i cant find her. Nowhere to be seen. Its just me, the dennys hostess and a bunch of drunk devins. She finally comes out, and has a shocked face. "How can you do this to me!" The fact that i wasnt immediately asked to leave the dennys should tell you all you need to know about dennys. My wife starts sobbing and apologizing. "You're caught, where is the guy?." "What?" "Dont do this right now, where is the guy?" "There isnt a guy." "Why are we at dennys if there isnt a guy." At this point it became clear we werent going to be having a meal of microwave steak or whatever it is they serve at dennys so we are asked to leave and not come back. In the parking lot, sobbing continues and i have no idea whats going on. "Wife.......why are you at dennys at 10pm if you arent cheating with a guy.....is it, the hostess?" "I had to use the bathroom." Uncontrolled sobbing. "What....you had to what?" "I had to go to the bathroom." "We have a toilet, in the home we share." "I dont go when you are there ok, i dont like it, i cant relax with you there." "A dennys, a dennys bathroom, thats better to you than going, at our home, with me present?" Memories and oddities start flooding in, our honeymoon where she kept going to the lobby to ask for things, innumerable amount of times she would leave at weird times to run errands, the gas station, the store. I just never noticed, never second guessed it. She stopped bringing stuff back because for a long time she would get bananas. So many bananas in our house i guess i mentioned it, so she just stopped grabbing anything. Her  shame was brought down by bananas. I could have been blissfully unaware, living in a banana filled house that i and i alone used the bathroom in if not for that comment. So, thats the story of how im not allowed in dennys because i thought she was cheating on me with devin.

TL;DR my wife had an affair with a dennys toilet

Edit. Thank you to whomever decided to award my idiocy and my wifes shame with gold.

Edit 2. For the people asking for proof of my wife pooping.....what the hell is wrong with you. You are devin to me now.

Final edit. this was posted this afternoon, at 9:31 pm, after reading the comments she asked me to play video games, announced she was going to go buy bananas and turned on every faucet we have while locking herself in the bathroom./n(UPDATE AT BOTTOM!)

This happened yesterday. I can't wait until it's much further away than that.

So this is a throwaway, I have \*(had) another account where I like to post nudes of myself. That can be your judgement, and why I do it is a whole other conversation, lol, but I do. As a straight guy who posts nudes, most replies I get are from guys. But occasionally I get replies from girls who frequent these subs. My face is never in the photos, nor anything very defining about my outer appearance. Just my... ya know, body.

So I had a girl reply to me a week or so ago from a throwaway account and we chatted and actually hit it off pretty well. Our conversation was sexual and non sexual, but was really fun. She said she had some nudes too but she didn't want to post them, so our conversation moved from reddit. A lot of people in the "nudes" community use Kik, so that is what we used (no phone numbers exchanged).

She is from a large city on the other side of the country as I am, but conveniently I was traveling there next week (this week). We started sharing some fantasies and ideas about what fun it could be to actually meet up. She worked in a big corporate building, and told me she always had the fantasy of a delivery guy coming in, no words exchanged, and he would drop to his knees and lick her pussy and ass until she came, and then he would leave. This idea turned me on like crazy too, so we started to work out the logistics. We decided I would carry an envelope and say its for office "XXX," she would already tell reception she was expecting this delivery and that she had to sign for it personally. No names needed.

Most importantly we decided we weren't going to exchange face photos...we had already shared WAAAY too much, and were super attracted to each other based on bodies and conversations. We literally shared dozens of nudes, even some videos. And lots and lots of dirty dirty sexting.

So along comes yesterday, the big day. I'm so worked up. She's so worked up and sending me photos of where in her office this will happen, what kind of panties she wore today. Shows me that she is already masturbating. Etc. Oh lord, etc. I text her and tell her I'm in the building. I get to her office, my heart is racing but I'm beyond excited. I see the receptionist, tell her I need a signature from office "XXX" and she points me in the right direction. As I walk up, I see the name on the door. My cousins name. My first cousin, who I have known my whole entire life. My cousin, who I spend every holiday with and am very close with. It can't be, I think.

So I knock and she says to come in, and, yes...it her. And she is obviously masturbating under her desk, assuming this "guy" was going to walk in. I just peak my head in, leaving my body and the envelope outside of the door and say "Heyyyy Cousin, I was in town and thought I'd stop by!" She is blushing bright red and obviously flustered and says "OMG COUSIN!" and gets up to hug me. I literally drop the envelope in the hallway and come in, and we have a really awkward conversation. She tells me she is about to step into a meeting, and to hit her up and we'll get drinks that night.

I race out, grab the envelope, go downstairs and delete all of my accounts. She surely thinks this guy ghosted her, I really don't think she thought it was me. Maybe I read her face wrong, but her embarrassment seemed to be more about maybe catching her in the moment. I'm sure the receptionist told her that the delivery guy came, but maybe she just thinks there was a confusion with me sneaking in. I don't know really though. I texted her later and told her I was too busy for drinks, but maybe tonight. We're supposed to get a drink tonight. I'm petrified and don't know how in god's name I will be able to make eye contact with her.


edit:  It's hard to reply to all of the comments, so I'll say some stuff here.  She works for a very large company in a very large city.  She told me what floor to go, I honestly didn't even pay attention to the company name when the elevator opened.    I DO know what company she works for, and its not hard to find the address if I wanted.  Like I said, it's a big company, and not a shock that I could pop in.

Yes she is on reddit but I highly doubt she will see this post.  She told me she uses reddit for porn only lol.


edit 2:  Headed out for drinks now.  Wish me luck guys.  I think i’m going to be honest.  I don’t know.

edit 3:  Well, first of all, Id like to address everyone calling BS on this.  It seems highly unlikely, implausible, and all of that.  I agree and would call BS reading this also.   I can’t really defend it or prove it (or can I?  if i can let me know how.  also this a throwaway, not sure what i get out of this karma?  let me know if you want my account or my gold lol, I could give a shit!)

• She doesn’t have a reddit account, she just goes to porn pages with the r/subshelikestovisit.

• She lives in NYC, it’s big.  The buildings are big and the company she works for has multiple offices and does many things. It didn’t occur to me, I guess I was worked up.

• I come here often, it’s not that I didn’t call her, but sometimes when i’m here she’ll dm or comment on my insta story and say “hey come by and visit next time”

• In our scenario setup she told me she would tell reception she was expecting a package that she needed to sign for.  There was no door man or anyone else I needed to get past.  I don’t know if that is weird in an office building but that is what happened.

• We didn’t actually say “hey cousin” lol, i’m just censoring our names for the post.

• Yes guys post nudes to reddit, I would mostly post to ladybonersgw, penis, and massivecock. (purposely not linked, check them out at your own risk/interest)

• I’m 35, she’s 26.

• I deleted my account after freaking out, but I’m sure I’ll post again and I’ll let you know lol.



oooookay, so now onto drinks.

I decided to just come right out and tell her because i felt bad ghosting and also couldn’t fucking focus on anything else.  And as many of you guessed, she knew. She didn’t buy the “i just popped in”.  She figured it was me, asked the receptionist to confirm, and even worse, thought that I knew it was her all along and felt kind of gross.  I assured her I didn’t, it was really weird.  We slowly got past it and had our drink, and another, and got a little more comfortable and started to actually talk about all of the things we said and showed each other.  We complimented each other on our, assets lol, and realized freakiness must run in the family and shared stories we had heard about relatives over the years.  We talked about if we actually did anything, it’s a slippery slope, because we do see each other fairly often.  And then we had another drink.  And then I licked her pussy and ass in the bathroom of the bar.  I stroked myself while I did it, and after I made her cum she helped me out.  We promised we would never do this again, but I think we’ll get drinks one more time before i leave.

judge away, people.


tl:dr - Post nudes on reddit, girl replies with elaborate sexual fantasy, go to act out fantasy and realize girl is my cousin./nThis happened a few weeks ago.

My ~6 year old son came running in to my home office the other day and said, demandingly, "Dad! Kick me!"

So I did.

Hear me out, please. The kick was a 3/10 on firmness. Not gentle, but not painful. He's a kid, he likes to play fight, and as he's an only child, I feel like I need to provide a bit of rough and tumble so that he can learn boundaries. I also want him to "lose some battles", and to learn to "roll with the punches". 

Anyway... I performed a front kick whilst making the Bruce Lee Noise. I trust that you know the one. 

My son recoiled. He looked shocked, sad and disappointed, all rolled into one. He didn't cry,, but it was close.

He blurted out "I said KISS Me!!!"

Oops!



TLDR; I misheard my son, which resulted in me kicking him./nI’m still trying to process what just happened. Today was my daughters 19th birthday and I wanted to surprise her by coming home early with a cake. I brought the cake home, slowly tip-toed to her room to surprise her and heard something I will never unhear. She was having sex with her boyfriend and saying “please stop it hurts, stop it.” I ran in, screamed for him to stop and pulled him off my daughter. I was shouting at him and my daughter was mortified and screaming at me. I threw him to ground and accidentally knocked him unconscious. My daughter was frantically explaining to me that it’s a fetish and he wasn’t actually hurting her. I told her to get dressed, found a blanket to wrap her bf in and I rushed him to the hospital. He’s doing okay now and isn’t suffering any major injuries but I feel awful. I’m not an aggressive person but it was my daughter and I truly thought he was hurting her.

TLDR; mistook my daughters fetish for her bf hurting her and knocked him unconscious

Edit: I’m her strong mom 😆

Edit: Wow this blew up. Thanks everyone for the nice messages, advice, and sweet comments. I haven’t been able to get through it all but I will, and I’ll reply to whoever I can. It’s currently 3am and I just cooked him some food and I’m going to visit him and my daughter at the hospital. His parents live out of town and want to visit tomorrow. Please pray for me./nHappened just now. Sorry for my possible slips as English is not my mothertongue. I mostly only lurk around, but this time I decided that it's something worth sharing, given the spirit of the sub.

I've been in quite a low mood because of some job related bullshit. Usually when I get depressed at home I start doing the dishes, dusting the rooms, and what not, not even because I like keeping things clean but removing my so to say "traces" are a small subconscious obsession of mine. 

See, since I'm not under a huge load of work it suddenly occured to me that checking my email's "Accounts" folder and terminating the ones I don't use anymore would be a nice idea (both out of privacy-related paranoia and just for the heck of it). The thing is I used to have an Imgur account a lo-o-o-ong time ago (plz don't bully), so I decided to delete it as well, but that didn't seem quite possible to do the traditional way, since I didn't get it by registering at the service directly. I'll omit the details of all the cyber sex I went through with my keyboard and the browser, but I somehow got the long awaited notification confirming the fact that my account got discontinued, so I pretty much forgot about the whole deal. But little did I know.

Later in the day I get back to browsing some picture subreddit and notice that some Imgur posts linked on the page suggest me to delete the image, although it wasn't even submitted by me. In addition to that I still seem to be logged in, although no username shows up in the top-right dropdown user menu. Being the total jackass of an idiot that I am, after checking and confirming this with a few more links, I decide to google the #1 top Reddit post of all time, which, of fucking course, is a link to a post on Imgur (yeah, the one about the Senate, with a total of whole damn 310K updoots). I open it and see the tempting red button suggesting me to praise Satan himself. Of course Imgur won't allow me to do that, those buttons probably don't work, do they? It can't be this bugged, right? (I hadn't clicked one by then YET). So I click the button a-a-a-aand see the title of this TIFU.

I'm sorry. I didn't want to. Please, forgive me everyone.
I'll commit Sudoku before the shame befalls on the name of my forefathers.
If somebody working for Imgur sees it here, please, report it to who it would be most appropriate.

**TL;DR: I deleted Reddit's [#1 top post](https://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/62sjuh/the_senate_upvote_this_so_that_people_see_it_when/?sort=new) picture by playing around with Google sign-in on Imgur.**

P.S.: resubmitted because it didn't have TL;DR in the beginning

Edit: link for clarification (try clicking the original "Senate" post's title link).

Edit 2.0: **I guess *I am the senate* now**

Edit 2.6.5.32: I submitted the bug to Imgur's contact form just in case...

Edit 4.1.15: **just got from work to find a message from [u/_BindersFullOfWomen_](https://www.reddit.com/user/_BindersFullOfWomen_) on the behalf of Imgur's team, so the bug seems to be closed by now, the picture's back too** That's pretty cool and fast of a reaction for such a huge service, especially for me since it's already post working hours for me (I know, I know, time zones'n'shiiieeet).

Edit over 9000: [to all the guys telling me about the difference between Seppuku and Sudoku](http://i.imgur.com/fs3Lkmj.png)

Edit "I lost the count": [666 updewts](http://i.imgur.com/ilXdUsJ.png)

Edit from the high ground: What the heck? Gold, 30K+ updanks, /r/all and numerous crossposts? **IRONIC**

Edit from a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away: **holy shit, now [the title of the Imgur post attached to the original Senate one](http://imgur.com/ChYwfMq) has my username engraved into it!**/nObligatory this is a throwaway and this happened last winter yada yada yada.

&#x200B;

I had this couple matched on tinder for a while, never messaged them before, never really cared for the idea but I still swiped out of boredom. They were listed about mid 30's, and the woman was big, but had huuuuuuge boobs. Couldn't see her face, but that didn't matter to me. Only boob. There was no picture of her husband. I take a few shots and message them.  After like an hour of talking, I decide to just do it. We never traded any other pictures, the conversation was only about sex. She wanted me to have sex with her while her husband watched. At first I was like really not for it, I originally had no intention  of actually doing anything but more and more it didn't feel like it was me at the wheel, and I was at the peak of not caring what happened to me, even if it resulted in something tragic. At 2AM I left the house, and this is where I regret everything.

&#x200B;

After driving for about an hour, I miss their street  by a turn, and decide to turn back around through a parking lot, and while doing so drove over a curb that popped TWO of my tires. I'm in a shitty ghetto town that I've never been to, with two popped tires, not a fucking clue how I'm getting home now. I thought I was going to have to sleep in the car and call a friend and make up some story the next day. But since there was no turning back now, I decide to just walk the rest of the way to the couples house.

The husband is there waiting for me, and as soon as I see him, my gut and inner voice are SCREAMING at me, don't do this, turn back. And I wish I had listened. For reasons unknown, I followed him into the house. It was pitch black, not a single light was on. He lead me down into the basement, unsurprisingly it reeks of must and beef stew. I was unsure if they were going to rob and kill me or if this was just normal to them. If there was ever a time I disassociated, it was then and there. It was no longer me behind the wheel. The dude leads me to their bed, and shines a flashlight on his wife. Does anybody remember the scene in Blade where he shines the light on that mega obese vampire? That was what I saw. A disgusting ogre wildebeest, with a crooked line of teeth. I was horrified but at the same time, I didn't care. They both fucking STINK, that was one of the worst things. The smell took forever to wash off my hands after. Months later I'll get a whiff out of nowhere. That disgusting beef stew and body odor smell.

I take off my clothes and get in bed with her, meanwhile the husband is talking THE ENTIRE TIME, like fucking Gollum. Saying things like "yeah it's been a while since she's had another. Look at that beautiful pussy. Ain't she so fuckin wet?" Nonstop. Meanwhile shining the flashlight on both of us to get a look. Like I said before, it didn't feel like it was me at the wheel, I managed to perform to a degree but I never did finish. It probably didn't help I was wearing a condom but I'm extremely glad I was. The entire time there's about 5 different things running through my head at the same time."How the fuck am I getting home? This smell is going to kill me. How do I end this? How do I get out of here?"

I decided it was time, I had to get the fuck out of there asap. I told them I couldn't cum, it wasn't going to happen. They insisted I put it in her ass, and me being a polite dude, didn't want to offend them, obliged. I just wanted to make it look like I at least tried. If the smell was bad before, it took on an entirely new dimension with the smell of shit burning the hairs in my nose. I pulled out and of course there was a fat wad of shit glued to the head of my dick. I stuck it back in to hopefully wipe it off inside her asshole and called it quits. I politely reiterated I wasn't going to be able to finish. I blamed it on my tires being popped and I was too tired. They were cool about it, and I quickly gathered my things and left.

I BARELY had the money for a tow truck driver to get home, and at least he got a kick out of the story. So we both had something to talk about for the hour long drive home. My hands reeked for at least another week, no matter how many showers I took and how many times I washed them. I blame it on a poor mental state with lack of self care for doing what I did. It took many months for me to even think about sex without being able to smell them. Easily the biggest regret of my life, and probably ruined sex for me for forever.

&#x200B;

TLDR; Drove an hour to pop both my tires in a shitty mystery ghetto town, then had traumatizing sex with a female version of Shrek while her husband shined a flashlight on us and muttered the entire time.

&#x200B;

Edit: I'm really glad I was able to make a lot of you laugh, even if it's at my own expense, I'm laughing with you. A lot of you have kind things to say and it means quite a lot, thank you. I hope anybody that can relate to the self destructive mindset finds happiness./n 

I’m 23 years old, and I admittedly deserved this for my cheap, filthy ways.

Earlier today I was in a grocery store with a friend who was finishing up a transaction with the cashier. During that time, instead of just breaking change at the register like a normal human being, I thought I would casually walk over by the gumball machines to check for free candy, maybe someone put in a quarter and forgot to collect their reward?

I checked four candy dispensers; all empty. One last chance. I opened up the very last dispenser, and to my joyous, dirty surprise, I find a delicious blue gumball just waiting to be devoured. Without any thought or inspection, I excitedly tossed it in my mouth and bit down. At the exact moment of impact from my teeth to the gumball, blue paint bursts all throughout my mouth and starts flowing down my face…Someone put a motherfucking paintball in the gumball machine’s dispenser.

So there I am, a sad, teary eyed grown man in a heavily populated grocery store, freaking out in disgust as I spit blue paint out of my mouth by the candy machines. I’m certain I looked ridiculous, and I’m still brushing my teeth.

&#x200B;

TL;DR  I ate a free gumball which turned out to be fucking paintball. WTF/nObligatory "this concluded today" - I've been working for Uncle Sam for about 7 years now. I'm severely desensitized to government fuckups and one day I received a letter from DFAS (the guys who actually pay us) that I was overpaid two whole cents.

Silly I thought, between the postage (which for the government is free, but for someone it costs something) which I could probably estimate to be around 75 cents, The man-hours of sorting, sending and tracking that damn letter, and the gas money used to ship the thing to my front door - It was probably a 5 dollar letter.. to collect 2 cents.

Laughing it off I taped it to my fridge as a reminder of whom I work for and why I should always pay my taxes as they are put to good use (looking at you F-35), and forgot about it. A month later, two weeks ago I get another nastygram in the mail but at the job. "we contacted you at address XXXXX, if this is not your place of residence please update it and give us our 2 pennies."

Now I'm kinda miffed and beyond amused that not only do they pay me before I ever see my money, meaning that fuckups are entirely on them - but now I'm being hounded for their fuckup and collectively we are all down about 10 bucks of taxpayer money. Being the Class A humorous guy that I am, I send an envelope with three pennies in it, and a poorly written sticky note saying "heer yore 2 cent, I kunted et al myself. I lobe me job." Covered the entirety of the envelope in stamps, harry potter style, and threw that fucker in the unit mailbox.

This was a bad play because apparently Feds have no sense of humor.

Two weeks later, one week ago I got called into my officer's office. Not a place an enlisted man ever wants to be, I was sketched out but "it does what its told".

I'm standing there on the rug when he pulls out from his desk an envelope from our paycheck people. "[me], mind explaining to me why I received a letter containing a single penny with a note explaining how you overpaid 19 dollars postage on a letter, over a two cent payment?"

"uhh.. well sir, They spent like 15 dollars now sending me mail, so I thought I'd compensate them with a cent extra and some stamps to help out. Patriotism, y'know sir?"

"Well, if you feel that patriotic, you can patriotically volunteer your free time too - We need these floors clean for [reason] and were looking for a class A go-getter to clean them.

Apparently captains have no sense of humor either.

Until tonight, I've been spending my free time mopping a lot of floor space.

Thank you Army. I will never forget you.

TlDr; Army overpaid me 2 cents, I paid them back three and had to mop floors for their fuckup because feds have sticks up their asses by birth./nWent to fancy movie theater with date. Decide to buy a bottle of wine. Go back to bar. Ask for two glasses. Bartender says he needs two ID's. I'm too lazy to go back to seats to grab dates ID. Tell him I'm alone and was embarrassed to ask for just one glass. He is clearly sympathetic. Idiot me then tries to sell the story and continue on about how lonely I've been recently. He tells me he's off in a few minutes and insists on watching the movie with me. I try to fight it but I could only argue so much without giving away the truth. Bartender is insistent. I text my date what's happening. Go back to theater with my new date. Sit a few rows in front of my first date. She has the stupidest grin on her face as me and the bartender (Jared) sit a couple rows in front of her. He ends up being super cool and bought me and him another bottle during the movie. Movie ends. I thank him for his gesture. He didn't even ask for my number or anything. I think Jared was just a genuine guy trying to comfort someone. Met back up with my date in the parking lot and thankfully she found the whole thing hilarious.

I don't deserve Jared./nIt’s as stupid as it sounds.

Yesterday my girl had her weekly friends evening with her BFFs. They usually come over to our flat and they drink, talk and watch movies.

Around that time I’m usually at the gym so to not disturb them. But yesterday a friend of mine wanted to come along so I went there an hour earlier.

Sometimes after I come home from training we have spontaneous sex, as she likes me being sweaty from the gym.
So I come home early and hear the TV running and I assumed, that she didn’t hear me.
That’s when the dick-driven idiot part of my brain forgot about the fact, that she had girls evening and suggested to get rid of all clothes and jump her on the couch.

I busted through the door and...have more eyes on me than planned.
Her best friends stare at me in complete disbelief, nobody saying a word. Some get red and look away, some stare at me like they’ve never seen a man’s privates before and my girlfriend started to gasp, followed with more gasping and stumps of words and ending with a well deserved WTF. 

The silence after that was fucking killing me, but my girlfriend came to the rescue. I uttered a loud FUCK and she instantly replied with: „Good plan, bad execution.“ Her friends all laughed and even I had to smile at that before fleeing the scene to get some clothes.

I even joined them after that, although still embarrassed. Of course my dick was the talk of the town, but they at least all took it with humor.

Tl;dr: Busted naked into my SO’s girl evening.

**Edit:** Holy shit, rip my inbox. Thanks to everyone for their funny comments, upvotes and to the anonymous benefactors for their gold/silver.

And now to answer the most asked questions:

Yes, I asserted dominance by slapping everyone with my dick and yelling „Piñata! Piñata!“

Of course I ran home naked to surprise my girlfriend.

Yes, I plan to marry my SO. Plan includes me naked-manning her girls evening again with her ring around my cock and a bow tie. 

Yes, I will post an update when the time comes. Don’t know how long that will take though.

Yes, the update will include a live stream.

And the most asked question: yes, I’m well equipped and stormed the castle with a raging boner and in helicopter motion. Dick stopped at 2 o’clock, when I realized the fuck up./nThe repercussions happened today, the labeling of the titty juice was done yesterday.

My wife and I have a newborn and we've been calling her breast milk 'titty juice' from the moment it came out.  We found it funny and as we're finding out right now, having something to laugh about when you have a newborn around is very precious.

While I was at the office today my mother in law, who is a very strict and traditional Asian lady came over to help my wife out and give her a bit of a rest.  That rest was very short lived.  The baby decided it was hungry so grandma reached into the fridge to grab a package of breast milk...

When she read "Freshly Squeezed Titty Juice 21/07/2019" she lost her got damn mind.  She woke my wife up and aggressively expressed thoughts on how her one and only grand child is going to be corrupt from the get go.  Raised with no manners or respect.  She then left the house saying she doesn't know if she can come back.

My wife in the other hand, besides being extremely tired has had some of the hormonal challenges that can come from giving birth and getting reamed out by her mom was a tipping point.  She passed on the reaming over the phone (not the norm for her) with pretty much the gusto as her mother.

I didn't get upset because I'm not the one who squeezed out a 7.5lb creature that does not keep a schedule, respect your time and is completely dependent on you for its very survival.

TL;DR  I labeled the breast milk a crude and offensive name.  Now I have an even more tired, emotional and pissed wife to come home to who may have lost some extra support... and a mother in law who thinks I embody everything that's wrong with western culture and parents these days./nFew years back I was a bit drunk and saw online that the "Red Hot Chili Pipers" were playing in Edinburgh...I thought it was the Red Hot Chili Peppers! £30 for a ticket I thought it was a bargain! Bought two tickets one for me and one for my girlfriend (at the time).

I am a huge fan of the Red Hot Chili Peppers and I was super stoked to finally see them in Edinburgh! Most bands play in Glasgow so I couldnt believe my luck when I saw they were playing in my city!

So we turned up full of excitement really ready to get into the music and then I heard some bagpipe music was playing.

I thought hmm interesting...not what I expected from a warm up act but seeing as we are in Scotland and the capital city I really did not think it was anything out of the usual.

About an hour in I was getting a bit impatient, the music was great with good vibes but I was waiting for the Red Hot Chili Peppers to come out so I could do a bit of headbanging to some sweet guitar riffs!

I turned to the man next to me and asked when the Red Hot Chili Peppers were coming on he laughed and said "aye pal good joke eh"

It was at this moment I realised I was not going to see the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

TL;DR: bought tickets to the Red Hot Chili Pipers thinking it was the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Edit: changed “bought two tickets one for me and one for my ex gf” to “bought two tickets one for me and one for my girlfriend (at the time)” to let redditors know I am now single and available./nObligatory “It’s 7 AM. This didn’t happen today, but very recently.” I have been packing a lunch for work for about the past two months. I pack it usually, but if I’m behind schedule, my fiancée will sometimes help or do it for me.

I got home from work, and we were talking about how the day went. She asked me how lunch was, and I told her it was good and thanked her again. After a pause, she kinda laughed and said “Did you like the note today?!”

Puzzled, I told her I didn’t know what she was talking about. She said “The note. The one I put it your lunch today.” I told her I didn’t see a note. But the way she said “today” made it feel like this wasn’t the first time. I said “Wait. Have you written me a note before?”

She said “Yes. Have you never seen them?” So apparently this is the 9th note she has written on a napkin, and I’ve thrown every one in the trashcan at work.

TLDR: my fiancée was being sweet as per usual, and I was literally throwing it in the garbage can./n So here's the deal, my friends and I made a cannabis cake containing 8g of good flower. So I kinda forgot about it and left a piece in the fridge, to my surprise I come home today and the piece is gone.

What should I tell them. Or should I tell them at all? They are anti cannabis.

Help.

Update: My father found a joint in the ash tray and I just said it's from my friends. He said that cannabis is a shit drug and doesn't want me to smoke this "shit". Well if he would know that he just had a piece of "shit" cake...

Update 2: My father is going around our house with a candle and Christian church songs. I'm holding my laugh back

Update 3: My mom just made burgers for us and my dad never ate a single one apart from those like from McDonald's (2 times). He said that it's the most delicious thing he has ever eaten.

Update 4: My dad is just chilling right now and talking with my mum. My mum, I think, hasn't felt anything. 
Will update tomorrow. Good night folks. 

Update 5: I talked a little bit with my parents and they don't seem to suspect anything. Guess I got away. 

&#x200B;

TL:DR: my parents ate my cannabis infused cake and my father is having a good time/nTechnically yesterday and not today, but YIFU sounds like some odd anime genre so...

So it's summer, which means my 6yo daughter goes to summer camp. I was dropping her off at about 8ish and I was also going to drop my dog off at doggie daycare because the gardeners are coming today and they don't appreciate her trying to protect them from those murderous rakes and lawnmowers. For the record, the dog is a 13 year old black lab / pit bull mix.

Anyway, stopped at the summer camp. My daughter grabbed the dog's leash and walked her to the drop off desk to show her to her friends. I signed my daughter in and then I.... just drove off. In my defense, well, I got nothing. Honestly, I just forgot the dog there.

So my wife picks up our daughter in the afternoon and is quite surprised to find the dog there with her. Apparently, the dog (and the kids) had a great day at summer camp. I now have pictures of my dog participating in such activities as "paint a rock" (she did not do very well on this one), "learning about dinosaurs" (did not participate) and "digging for fossils" (which was right in her sweet spot of digging bones out of dirt). She also enjoyed water activities and apparently stole some snacks. She got a free shirt and we got a picture of her wearing the shirt with her camp team wearing identical shirts. All in all, could have gone worse.

Edit - I get it, you want to see pics of the dog at camp.  Sorry, but no can do.  Pics include other people's kids and I'm not going to post that.  Also, I think posting the pic would make it easy for my friends to figure out who this account belongs to and I've said way too much shit I regret on Reddit for that to happen.  Just use your imaginations.  She's half black lab, half pit although she looks mostly like a lab.  Muzzle almost completely white due to being 13.  She's still very active and very kid friendly and water play with a pool and a dozen kids running around with a hose is pretty much her version of paradise.

Edit 2 - For those asking.  Yes, camp called me.  Twice.  And left VM's both times.  Number was not one I recognized so I didn't pick up or check VM (I know, TIFU!  Number is now programmed in).  Both messages were very polite and highly amused but they did ask if I could come pick the dog up.  I clearly did not so they just gave up and included her in the day's activities.  And yes, this whole thing could have gone a lot worse.  Huge HUGE props to the camp for making a good thing out of my fuck up.

Edit 3 - For those asking.  I did offer to pay for an extra day / kid but they said no.  So I left them an awesome review on Yelp and shared their link with friends with a very strong recommendation.

Edit 4 - Yah, I get it.  This could have gone a lot worse and kudos to the camp for making the best of it.  Yes, it was a mistake on my side.  That's why I'm posting it here and not on r/todayIwasawesome

Edit 5 - Holy crap.  Came back to see this hit the front page and my inbox has 500 messages.  I just want to take a moment and say thank you to my mom and dad for having sex with each other and making this moment possible.  

TL;DR - Dropped dog off at kiddie summer camp by mistake. Dog had a great time and I think she's now a camp counselor./nOof

My roommate told me that she was going to be out of town for a week and would be back on Sunday night. She usually always follows her schedule and never deviates from it.

A week ago, I ordered a dildo that had a suction cup base, and was roughly the size of my boyfriends. I don't particularly like using my toys when my roomie is home, on the off chance that she somehow hears me or whatever. So this was fucking fantastic and I was ecstatic.

My plan was to use the living room space and use one of my smaller tables, so I could sit on it and act like it was my bf. I'm not really experienced in the sex department and I wanted to make a good show for his upcoming birthday so I was going to practice until she got back.

Before I get into the main event. I need to explain the layout of this house. When opening the front door, you walk right into the mud room which has a swinging door that USED to squeak, we don't wear shoes in the house only slippers or socks. After leaving the mudroom you're in the kitchen and around the corner and across the hall is the living room.

Since the swinging door used to squeak we'd know when someone was here if we heard the noise. However since we got it fixed it's silent.

Now on to the main event. I had set up the living room, with my small table in the middle, a chair in front of me to so I could balance and my 'sexy time' music on low, with the lights dimmed. Then I pulled out my new toy and I literally smashed that fella on the table and made sure it stuck.

Then I got dressed down to what I would be wearing. It was just a long ass tshirt that hit my knees, but underneath I had my lingerie, I did this so I would be in the head space and so I could I imagine the upcoming day.

At this point I'm on the toy and I had a pretty good groove going and I was thinking okay it's not that hard, but my hips were sore so I grabbed some pillows to support, and then I heard a noise. I fucking froze and turned around and it was my cute pupper! I shoo'd him out and continued.

Another couple minutes go by and I can hear my dog get the zoomies and playing with her toy running back and forth with it. Until I realized, that how the fuck was she fetching something she can't even throw. I then heard the suitcase rolling from the kitchen to the hallway and I felt my entire body flush and get immediately sweaty and my heart rate skyrocket. I heard the suitcase stop and when it did I hopped my body off and grabbed the dildo to pull it off, but that fucker didn't budge. I was doing some mad calculations in my mind to try and explain this...

Lightbulb!

My shirt is long enough, my unides are crotchless and she'll never be able to tell! I sat myself right back down, turned the TV on Rick and Morty, put a pillow up on the fucking chair and acted like I had been watching this the entire night.

She came in and saw me and asked why I was sitting like that and I made some bullshit up saying my back hurt and I was just letting it stretch out. She nodded and then plopped her ass on the couch. Now this would've been okay, if it wasn't for the fact that I was sitting on a dildo and leaning forward in a position that was starting to get uncomfortable.

We sat there for 2 hours and she never even got up. She told me she came back early since she finished up her work early and we chatted for a bit until the show ended and then she picked the handmaids tale.

At this point I'm so sore and by sheer will I'm keeping it together, because this would be incredibly awkward at this point to get up and act normal.

The moment comes when she says she's hungry and ask if we want to order in. I reply with gusto and tell her to run up stairs and grab our menue folder in her room. She does and as soon as she's on the first step up,  I pop off this joint and sprint my ass down the hallway to my room and place the table in my closet and get the stubborn dildo off and toss it in my shower.


TL;DR: Tried to practice my cowgirl riding on a dildo, and forced to sit on it for two hours, until my roomate left to get our menu folder.

Update 1: Thanks so much for the lovely gold! It's my first one and it makes me happy! For the record, I am sore, and it's a bit uncomfortable. I haven't told my bf yet since I'm still a bit embarrassed! But I'm planning on telling him on the day. Also, my roommate had no idea, because there's no way she'd pass up to joke about it.

Update 2: Since it's being asked alot, the reason I was not in my room was because at the time it was messy. I was rearranging and packing up some of old stuff. So there were boxes and all that jazz.

Update: I tried keeping up with all the comments... I give lol my pupper has been posted in r/aww/n*Throwaway account because that's where this fuck up deserves to be buried.* 

This happened yesterday. I was watching porn on my phone, one of those daddy/daughter videos. I will state, for the record, I do not advocate incest. My girlfriend however was all about that role play life and wanted me to be in "bad dad" mode when she sees me this weekend. All I wanted was to be the best bad dad she ever had, so I went on pornhub for some incest-inspiration. That's all this was. Research. 

So, the "daughter" was just about to climb on the cock that supposedly spit her ass out when all of a sudden my own fucking father phones me. Of all people. If there was a camera in my room, that would have been that moment I look straight into it. I answered the phone. The old man said he needed me to come pick him up at the airport because my brother, who was supposed to fetch him, wasn't answering his damn phone.

Cut to my dad and I driving home, catching up, roasting each other, you know, wholesome father/son shit. Then, there came the silence. It wasn't the awkward kind. But I guess we just kinda said enough at the time. My father, who's super religious btw, took the silence as an opportunity to switch on the car radio and tune in to his favourite gospel station. He was in the mood to get jiggy with Jeezy. But instead of hearing voices worshipping the OG upstairs, we heard the distinct sounds of bodies smacking against each other, moans of pleasure, and of course, the coital Q&A: 

*"You like fucking me don't cha, daddy?"* 

*"Arrrrggggghhhh.... yeah... "* 

My old man unknowingly activated the car's Bluetooth, which immediately connected to my phone, and began playing whatever I was listening to last. In this case, it was fucking incest porn. Now, I never closed the video before I left the house, but I did pause the motherfucker. Yet, somehow, my phone went Skynet all over my dumbass ass and auto played that traumatic shit.

I frantically turned off the "radio" and did what I do best in extremely uncomfortable situations, prevent eye contact at all cost. 

Dad: Suppose that's one way of bringing up the birds and the bees conversation with your kids. 

Me: 

I immediately contemplated crashing the car just to escape the cringy silence between me and my dad for the rest of the drive home. 

^^Siri ^^might ^^have ^^sabotaged ^^me

**TL:DR Drove my dad home. Accidentally blasted incest porn over the Bluetooth speaker. The end.**/nThis has been going on for two months and I just found out today. Throwaway account because many know my real account and I don’t feel like getting roasted for 3 years about this. 

So I signed up for tinder after breaking up with my girlfriend a few months ago. I set up my account...set my interest in ‘women’ and started swiping. Now when I signed up for tinder I linked my Facebook account and apparently my dumbass 13 year old self thought it would be funny if I set my gender to woman. I had completely forgot. I’m not a terrible looking guy and have had success on other apps, but I was getting barely any matches and couldn’t figure out why. Figured the algorithms were just screwing me. Over the course of the two months I would think “wow short hair must be the new thing” or “so many bisexuals on here” but never really thought anything beyond that. Then this morning I woke up to a new match. She said I looked great, to which I replied thanks, you too! But then she replied with...”how long ago did you transition?” I thought she was talking about puberty...but she was not. That’s when it all came together and I realized I’ve been swiping on lesbians the entire time.

Tldr; My 13 year-old self is an asshole.

EDIT: I AM NOT 13 YEARS OLD, THAT’S WHEN I MADE A FACEBOOK. I AM 25./nThis happened about a week ago. It still gives me shivers.

Obviously, I never thought this would happen to me of all people.

I spent a lot of money on the app store and I think they blocked my card and so I had to call them up to restore my account.

A female representative picked up and said she was going to ask a few recovery questions to verify my identity. Even at this point I had no clue what was coming. Until she asked,

"What is your most prized possession?"

I froze. My head goes blank not because I forgot what I had written for the answer, but because I knew exactly what I had written. The answers were all the same, all the time... 'dong schlong'.

I wanted to hang up right then and there, but I knew she was looking at the answer I had written.

So, I mustered up the courage and said in a soft voice,

"uh... ^(dong schlong)"

"I'm sorry? You have to speak up sir, I can't hear you well."

"... dong ...schlong... like big peepee (FUCK), you know schlong dong, dong schlong (FUCKING KILL ME)"

"Dong schlong. Thank you, sir."

I was surprised she didn't crack up or anything and was very professional.

I've sinced changed all my restore passwords to something else than 'dong scholong'.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I wrote my recovery password as 'dong schlong', and I had to confirm it to the customer service rep. on the phone that it was indeed, 'dong schlong'.

EDIT:

Holy mother of schlong this blew up... Thank you kind sir/ma'am for the shiny silver!

And yes, looking back, I should've definitely owned it, like one of the comments mentioned. But this had never happened to me and I think I just panicked. I'll remember to be confident about my profane recovery names next time.

&#x200B;

EDIT2:   
GOLD?? PLATINUM? Seriously?? Wow, you guys made my day. I'll make sure to keep my shiny medals clean and sparkling :)/nI was in a new high school with absolutely no friends whatsoever and because I was very socially awkward I tried to avoid any direct confrontations with any individual whatsoever so I never really made any friends.

However in my fourth block there was this girl who I just seemed to have clicked with because out of all the students in the entire building she was the only one I really actually talked to. Skip a couple of weeks I’m coming into my class when she decides to greet me with a friendly hug. 

In this moment I was completely frozen because I never really physically interact with anyone, especially females. So in this moment, I go full brain dead and as she’s approaching me with open arms I decided I was going to try and be funny and pick her up from her waist and throw her over my shoulder (don’t ask why I thought this would be funny, because I honestly have no clue what the fuck I was thinking) but the second she sees me go down and try and pick her up I could just see the complete and udder confusion in her face as she was just simply wanting a quick hug, but as I pick her up just to make things ten times worse, I shout,

“WWE Supah Slammmm!!” 

And she’s screaming and for some reason my heart just dropped realizing what I was doing and instead of lightly setting her down, I just fucking drop her and she slams right into a cluster of desks making this massive crashing sound in the middle of the room. I went to ask her if she was okay but she started crying her eyes out basically asking me what the fuck was wrong with me.

TL;DR I shouldn’t be allowed around people./nThis happened Saturday night into Sunday morning but my shame has subsided enough for me to write this out. Also no throwaway because whatever. 

We have a 12 yr old son. 

Saturday night after he went to bed, husband and I decided to get a little sex in. After quite a few drinks, we also decided to break out the “toy” box. Husband leaves the room with a few dildos and says he will be back. (He was putting new batteries in them, etc). He comes back, we do our thing and go to sleep. We wake up in the morning and our son comes into our room and says “what is that on the table?!”
...I immediately realized the FU. Husband did not so he asks “what is it?” 
Son: a purple banana (ps he’s 12 so he knew what it was) and he walks out of the room. 
Cue immediate shame/laughter. I wanted the floor to open up and swallow me. 

Side note. We did not use that particular “purple banana” that night-thank god. 

After we composed ourselves husband goes into sons room and says “what do you want for breakfast?” 
Son says “I lost my appetite” 

I’m still dying inside. I’m sure son is too.

TL;DR left a dildo on the table like a moron, son won’t ever be the same.

Edit: ok guys-you realize it’s 2019, the internet is alive and well, and 7th grade 12yr old boys are exploring etc right?! It’s not crazy that he knows what dildos are.

Also edit: I didn’t treat it like it was shameful and I know I didn’t actually ruin his life. But no one wants to think of their parents having sex. We laughed about it afterwards and made purple banana jokes the rest of the day. We are open and communicate etc. I was mortified and still am, because it’s embarrassing./nI don't know if Meta threads are allowed, but I think this needs to be said. I believe the removal of the "NSFW only on weekends" rule hurt this subreddit a lot. The majority of the posts in the past used to be actually interesting TIFUs that may have been fake, but at least were believable and varied. Nowadays every top post is either getting caught masturbating, getting caught having sex, having sex and causing an injury, masturbating with a weird/disgusting object, or, the best of all, TIFUs that are actually not TIFUs at all and serve only as humble brags - TIFU by missing signs this 10/10 chick was into me, haha what a fool I am...anyways she told me a week later and we had the hottest most amazing sex you can imagine. Sprinkle in as many euphemisms as you can find on google to look unique, and you have >50% posts on this sub.

When you open many of those stories, you have people actually calling OP out for the story obviously being fake/barely a TIFU (like the guy who almost went down on his cousin and then in an update actually went down on his cousin, like who is actually dumb enough to believe that happened?), so I really doubt I am the only person who thinks the subreddit is regressing.

TL;DR: Personally I think the quality of the subreddit would be improved by reinstating the NSFW weekend rule. These post clearly have their audience so I have no problems with them existing at all, and when they were scarce they were indeed actually interesting. However I don't think it's fun to open this sub and seeing the exact same shit every single day./n


A few years ago I spent a Saturday blissfully tripping by myself. I had dosed that afternoon and I started coming down as the sun was coming up. It was a bright, crisp morning and I felt completely at peace. I was shuffling my music and Sunday Morning by The Velvet Underground came on. It was too perfect and gorgeous to feel cliche and affected.

I suddenly made a decision. I had to make some changes. I had to get my fat ass to the gym.

I was surprised to see so many people. I had thought, hey, 7am on a Sunday, I'll have the run of the place. I was obviously incorrect. All the cardio machines were taken. I couldn't just stand there. I was already getting sweaty and I'd been so high for so long so recently.

I saw an empty bench press and went for it. I couldn't remember what I used to bench back in school so I decided to estimate on the low side at around 160. I am 6'2 and 250 lbs. I was gonna relax with some leisurely sets and wait for a treadmill to open up.

It was heavier than I imagined. I figured my guns were rusty. I decided to only execute a couple perfect pumpings of weight and then wait for cardio. Suddenly the bar reached the apex of my first attempt and my body gave up with horrifying finality. It was all I could do to keep it balanced while it came down slowly but surely like a hydraulic lift. I let it sit on my chest while I came up with a plan. Every time I tried to move it my arms shook and wobbled like a fawn learning to stand. I decided to slowly rock back and forth until it could roll down my beautiful plus size body. With momentum and gravity it would roll to my thighs and free me. Perfect. I tensed my belly and strained forward with all of my might.

*Wwwhhhooooooooooooooooot....*

The bar rolling down toothpasted a fart out. I lacked the strength to tighten my butthole so it just kinda fell out. Sounded like a giant blowing on a bottle. If anyone heard it, they ignored it. Despite my meticulous calculations, the bar had stopped and settled between my belly and groin. It hurt. I slowed my breathing and just relaxed. It'll be ok, I thought. I got this, I prayed.

*Brap brap...brap brapbrapbrapbrapbrap*.

Nope, it's bad, this is bad. Everyone had to have heard the rounds I let fly from the ol semiauto bubblegut. The volume was incredible. No one knew I was literally pinned to the goddamn bench, ashamed and trapped there in my fart. No one laughed. Time was frozen but I assume only a few minutes passed. Finally a very small man ran over, effortlessly grabbed the weights and racked them. He looked up at me with genuine concern.

"Hey man are you alr-"

*popopopopopopop............WHHHOooooooot.*

To his credit he only grinned for a second before regaining control. More like a twitch. I nodded somberly, thanked him and shook his hand. I tried to act like my asshole had not just popped off like a string of firecrackers and finished off with the moan of a dying whale. He left me standing there, trying to plan a graceful exit strategy. Everyone was pretending not to notice me as they stared peripherally and slowed or stopped their exercise. All I wanted was a way to salvage this and look normal. Like I wasn't bothered at all.

So, knowing I was being observed, I did this. I stood tall, nodded to myself like I nailed it, clapped firmly one time and said *Alright*

**Fuck.**

**Me.**

The door barely whispered shut behind me when the laughter started. I ran to my car.

I can now find the humor in my pathetic failed benchpress and uncontrollable farting. There is nothing funny about The Clap. It pops into my head randomly every few months or so and makes my face hot and my stomach cramp. I just wanted to look like a normal human being.

TL;DR I went to the gym under the influence, publicly displayed how weak I am, became trapped on the bench and farted uncontrollably until I was rescued. Then I pretended I had just done really well and congratulated myself with a lil nod, clap and *Alright* as if I could alter reality by sheer force of will./n*I was 16 when this happened. Golden age of fuck ups.* 

I hooked up with one of the girls from my church. We were on opposite ends of the spectrum when it came to religious obligations. I was more of an observer in our church, whereas as she was like fully devoted to serving the Big G. However the two of us shared one common goal. We wanted to fuck. Which we did. But afterwards she was overcome with religious guilt and without warning me went straight to our pastor to confess her "carnal sins". She named and shamed both of us. None of this would've been *that* bad if it wasn't for the fucked up fact that our pastor was also my damn father. 

So thanks to that confession, that's how my dad found out his virgin son dipped his doodle in the Deacon's daughter. 

*Edit: Thank you for the Silver & Gold!* 

*Edit: Okay, gawd damn. Some of you are sick of all the sex posts. Noted.* 

*Edit: A few of you are asking how my old man reacted. Every second or third weekend he dragged my ass to prison, where he would occasionally preach the word of God. Being there scared the shit out of me and he knew that. I was forced to listen to "rehabilitated" rapists and murderers read scriptures out of the Bible and give me lessons on what it meant to be born again and to live a pure life in Christ... free from temptation, sin, all the shit 16 year old me was guilty of that time. I never had sex with the Deacon's daughter ever again.*

**TL:DR Made ungodly love to a Christian girl. She went crazy with guilt and confessed all our filthy fornicating to the pastor of our church. Aka my dad.**/nI'm going to preface this TIFU by saying, no, this didn't actually happen today. It has taken me some time to heal and see the humor in it.

It was our first Valentine's Day together this year. I woke up super horny and reached over for him, and noticed he was extremely ready to go as well.

I decided what better way to start off the holiday than to begin with loud, hot morning sex. It was incredible, and after we came together, we collapsed in bed. 

I needed some post-orgasmic cuddles and turned...

This is when things begin to go wrong.

All of the sudden, he started trying to motion to me. I glanced up at him and realized he was seconds away from a seizure. (He has epilepsy, and has advised me how to care for him)


Sure enough, he began to violently seize. I go full protective mode and try to help him. He was lying on his back and started to choke on his saliva.

We're both still naked and I have gone from a concerned collected and supportive gf to an adrenaline fueled mama bear in full on freak out mode. 

Fight or flight kicks in and I know I must get him on to his side to prevent asphixiation. I'm on the smaller side, being 5'6 and around 125lbs. So when my actively seizing bf (6'2 190lbs) needs to be moved, I go balls to the walls.

I grabbed his arm and pull with all my weight and everything in me and heard a disgusting

*CLACK*


Once he's back to and able to talk, he moans, saying that his arm is killing him, and that he thinks it's dislocated. I drive him to the hospital
And sure enough his shoulder is severely dislocated. I apologized profusely to my man, who responded

"Babe you fucked me into a seizure..I'm pretty sure you cannot top something like that."
So not only, on our FIRST Valentine's Day together did I literally fuck him into a seizure, but I also dislocated his shoulder. 

TLDR: Had sex with boyfriend that had a seizure afterwards, tried to turn him on his side and dislocated his shoulder in the processs./nAlright so let’s start this with a little context because right off the bat reading the title you’ll be like wtf? 

So my wife and 3 year old daughter play tag pretty much on a daily.  And more accurately it’s more of a chase me chase me game, my daughter never chases back when caught. Anyways, the game usually starts by my daughter telling my wife “Mommy, get my booty! Get my booty mom” and off to the races they go. 

Obviously this is a game that both parents play and she’ll also usually request that we be a dinosaur, monster, tiger, etc. This get my booty thing is also something she says at daycare now when playing with friends but luckily everyone thinks it’s cute and we haven’t gotten any feedback on it.

This brings us to last night. The wife is upstairs with our little boy giving him a bath when my daughter jumps on the couch, puts her butt right next to my face and yells “GET MY BOOTY DADDY!” To which I reply nonchalantly “I’m going to eat your booty! Nom nom nom” since her butt was right next to my face. 

I immediately regret it because she jumps off the couch and starts yelling “EAT MY BOOTY DADDY! EAT MY BOOTY” and takes off running. Dear lord, what have I done?! I try to go into damage control and revert back to Get your booty, but it’s too late, eat my booty is the new tag. 

I took her to daycare this morning, I hope she forgot all about it. I’m dreading picking her up.

TL;DR my daughter yells Get my booty to initiate games of tag. With her jumping on the couch and shaking her butt right next to my face I instead say I’m going to eat your booty! She now yells EAT MY BOOTY to initiate the game instead. 

Edit: A word. Also thanks for the gold kind stranger!

There were lots of requests for an update after pickup. All is well, even played the chase me game at daycare while picking her up. 

Thanks to everyone that shared their own stories, they were hilarious and me and the wife really enjoyed them. 

For those that got offended, sorry? None of it was intended and i thought it was a funny anecdote to share. Cheers!/nSo this actually happened about a week and a half ago. Some pre knowledge. I dated my next door neighbor for about a year and a half, but then we eventually broke up. So the other day I was really hungry and wanted some Panda Express Orange chicken. I texted my friend to see if he wanted to go get some panda with me and he replied sure but that he wanted to drive because he had gotten a new car and wanted to surprise me with it. I was like “alright sounds good brother see you in a bit”. 
A couple minutes later a car rolls up in front of my house. So naturally I got went out and got in thinking that it was my friend. I got in and buckled and was ready to go when the driver looked over and said, “ummm you’re not my girlfriend,” quickly I looked up and realized “oh god I am in my ex girlfriends new boyfriends car. I started to unbuckle and get out. I opened the door and heard a thunk. Now I’m thinking to myself “oh god I just hit the door against the curb but when I looked up it turns out I actually hit my ex with the door. Quickly I apologized and got out and waited for my friend inside my house. 

TL;DR I got in my ex girlfriends new boyfriends car thinking that it was my friend. Then when I got out I hit her with the door./nMy girlfriend and I have been together for about a year and a half. She is into butt stuff which is fine with me for the most part, but I’ve always told myself that I would never eat ass. I just think it’s unsanitary and just gross. But she’s dropped hints here and there that she would like me to do it, but I’ve always deflected it. I decided I might finally give it a try, maybe it won’t be so bad. If it’s something she would really enjoy it, why not? But then a concerning thought entered my head.

I have a peanut allergy and my girlfriend LOVES paydays, the peanut candy bars. There is a vending machine at her work and has one most days during her lunch break. I wasn’t sure if it would be safe to eat her ass due to my allergy and her diet. So I decided to ask reddit.

Most of the replies said that it shouldn’t be anything to worry about, so what the hell, let’s go for it.

She gets off work and we start doing our thing and it comes time to toss the ol salad. It wasn’t quite as bad as I thought it was going to be considering she keeps herself pretty clean. But after a few minutes, my throat started to get itchy and I could tell that my eyes were swelling up.

I pulled my face out from between her pooper cheeks and told her I’d be right back and ran to the bathroom. This obviously made her very self conscience. I was in the bathroom watching my face swell up for 5 minutes or so and when I came back I looked like Will Smith from Hitched when he eats the seafood. 

I had to explain to her that I was going to be fine (my peanut allergy is not life threatening or anything too serious) but it was a pretty awkward situation. She told me I didn’t ever have to do it again, so I guess there’s a silver lining to the story.

TLDR: I have a peanut allergy, and ate my girlfriends ass after she had a payday candy bar, causing my entire face to swell up.


Side note: received advice from r/nostupidquestions for those wondering./nI was running a bit late for a long-haul flight from Delhi to London, so I quickly bought some snacks and shoved them in my travel bag as I ran to the boarding gate.

About 4 hours in (whilst half the people were asleep and the other half were getting annoyed that the TVs had stopped working), there was a massive bang and the whole plane launched into hysteria.

I can't even explain how loud it was, especially given the plane was in near silence. Immediately, every baby started screaming as loudly as they could and every mother started crying madly. It didn't help that it was pitch black either, so all the flight crew running around amongst the panicking masses couldn't see where they were going at all, so just ran straight into all the passengers as they jumped out of their seats. The people who had been sleeping woke up to a scene normally saved for badly produced films and needless to say also began manically hyperventilating.

After a few minutes of sheer terror, the lights came back on and everyone gradually calmed down. My travel bag was revealed as the source of the blast - obviously to my surprise - and was carefully opened. Tons of what looked like sawdust/powder fell out onto the chairs below and once again everyone freaked out for a few seconds.

As it turns out, in India they hyper inflate their crisp/chip packets so the contents don't get crushed. They're also dirt cheap, so I bought about 8 packets (those were the snacks I'd grabbed in a rush earlier). The pressure built up as we ascended, and when the plane jolted from the turbulence, they all blew up simultaneously. 

And **that** is how I accidentally triggered a bomb scare on an international flight.


**

TL;DR: I made the mistake of squashing lots of hyper inflated chip packets into my bag on a flight and they all exploded. Everyone lost their minds./nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/brooklynninenine/comments/abvh3w/just_found_the_nicest_guy_in_the_minneapolis/?st=JQFYEYJC&sh=29906472
Sorry I’m on mobile, but this is the original post


So this fuck up is only like 10 hours old.

This morning, I was at the airport to head back to school. I look ahead in the security like an I see Joel McKinnon Miller AKA Detective Scully from Brooklyn Nine-Nine. My sister takes a picture of us and I’m on my way. While waiting for Coffee I decide to post the picture on the subreddit. I get on my flight and it’s at 100 or so upvotes. I land and I’m at 4K updates and have a whole slew of comments congratulating me for coming out. I go and look back at the title of the post and find out I said “came out to him” instead of “came up to him.” I’m at 25.4k upvotes now and am still getting comments on people congratulating me for coming out...


Also most of my swim team knows about the post and now I’m never living down the whole “accidentally came out on the internet” thing...

TL;DR- Met a celebrity, ended up accidentally coming out to the entire internet

Edit: to make explicitly clear, no I am not gay./nokay so this happened over the weekend and today. 
On Friday, i went to view an apartment. I had talked to the landlord on the phone and was seeing the apartment with the super. 
So i see the apartment, everything’s great, get an application, fill it all out and email it to the landlord. 

I get a call from him a few hours later, just going over details of my application and he offers me the apt. I’m going to go in on monday to sign the lease. 

Okay so now it’s Saturday night and i’m just swiping through tinder and match with a cute guy, mid 30s, (im 20). let’s call him steve
he messaged me, we flirt, he comes over to my place. we have mediocre sex at best, then he leaves to go home. 

So monday rolls around and I go to the apartment building to sign the lease and tie up any loose ends

I walk up the building and steve is standing outside with a woman and i see he has some papers in his hand. 

The woman waves to me and introduces herself as steve’s WIFE. steve looks totally chill, while i’m freaking outside but trying to remain calm. I did not sign up for this. 

Anyway, i feel bad for his wife and i feel like a horrible person even though i had no idea that he was married. 
Can’t wait to live there for a whole year! 

 
TL;DR 
Slept with my landlord without knowing who he was and found out he has a wife.

EDIT: YALL IM A GUY. sorry, i didn’t clarify that in the original. 

EDIT 2: i was thinking of messaging him on tinder but he unmatched me so. and i don’t want to email or text him in case it’s a work email/phone and the wife sees the message.

EDIT 3: wow this blew up what the hell. i’m not going to tell his wife because 1) id like for her to not kick me out of the apt and 2:) as many people have pointed out they could be in an open relationship and i don’t want to accuse him of cheating and make things messy or weird.

EDIT 4: yes i used protection, i’m always safe./n

Okay so this literally just happened. Im dying slowly from the embarrassment, and cant believe it happened to me. 

On Snapchat we have a work group chat that I post on pretty frequently. Well tonight my SO asked me to send her a video of me masturbating cause she gets off on that and we haven't been able to see each other in a couple days do to our schedules. I always check to see if i added any other names to what i send by accident but i recently  just upgraded phones from my note 5 to galaxy 8+ which doesn't have a home button. So apparently as i went to press send i have the horrible habit of sliding my thumb across the screen since im used to having an actual area there. 

I realized my misfortune the moment i pressed sent. Since im also a frequent poster everyone opened it immediately and i just want to die. It wasnt just a regular video either, it was like a volcano erupted if you know what i mean...i just want to hide. Its about to be very awkward at work tomorrow 


TL;DR Dont slide your fingers across the screen when pressing send  because i accidently sent a video of a volcanic eruption of me playing pocket pool to my work group chat


Update: So im not getting fired luckily. Im at work right now but the jokes have definitely started. Ive heard so many Michael Jackson just beat it references its unreal. The group chat is mostly comprised of people I go to college with. Even the manager is a college student, but the embarrassment is still the same. My boss just laughed it off and told me just because im cool with everyone, i probably shouldn't post my dick in the groupchat.  Also holy fuck this blew up! Thank you for the gold, the fake internet karma and fame is helping me cope a little bit at least.

Edit 2: People think im lying so group chat image for proof added https://imgur.com/cUKvx5w.jpg


Edit 3: just got off work, and apparently people still dont believe thus happened  so heres me and my SO conversation after it happened.  With the time on  the SS cause I sent it to the group chat so they knew what was going on
 https://imgur.com/H8eJnLg.jpg/nThis TIFU has been in the making since last September. This is a throwaway account, as my real one is known to my friends.

Late last summer I started having some heart problems; irregular heartbeat, high pulse and the works. Naturally my family doctor prescribed a daily 25mg tablet of metoprolol, which kept the symptoms to a minimum. I'm a pretty private guy, so nobody but my close family knew.

Though I’ve always been pretty healthy, that was the wake-up call I needed to start working out. Beside hitting the gym, I also joined a sharpshooting club, and was I was natural at it. Over the course of a few months I moved from shooting prone with a help of a few sandbags to shooting standing up. My aim was steady, breathing as slow as possible, heartbeat minimal.

I’m pretty sure you guys have already made the connection between the heart meds and my fantastic performance, but I sure as hell didn’t. In the meantime a cardiologist said “Tough shit” and bumped up the meds.

During the course of this school year I was consistently better than the other newcomers at sharpshooting, winning small tournaments in the club. Soon they decided to have me participate in a bigger tournament, with an actual prize. The stakes were high, but I was a stone cold shooter. Later that day checking out my Fitbit, I found that my pulse had never gone over 85, and that was when I had to bicycle over the the range.

Flash forward 2 more tournaments to today. My friend jokingly mentioned that I must’ve been doping to do so well and the dots connected. I googled “metoprolol doping”, there it was. I still haven’t told anyone, but Reddit. What the hell do I do now?

TL:DR Started taking beta blockers for heart problems, joined a sharpshooting club and won 3 tournaments by unknowingly using a common doping drug./nAnyone remember the TIFU of the guy that suck his own dick in front of his assistant at a Bachelorette party? He included a drawing of how he did that.

So my boyfriend was doing some stretches on bed, and one of the stretches is the same pose as what that guy drew.

I commented about it and said "Hey that's how the TIFU guy sucked his own dick." 

My boyfriend being silly then try to see if he can reach his too and I gave him a little push.
Obviously he isn't as flexible (just like how most people are not) and I said;

"Well it's okay, he did mention afterall that he also have a big dick"

And in that moment I felt as if time slowed down and I can see his face going into this super disappointed look.

And that is how I fucked up by hurting his feelings.


TL;DR: I told my boyfriend he have a small dick indirectly and unintentionally and hurt his feelings

Edit: Y'ALL NEED TO CHILL. I never did mention that his dick is actually small (and to clarify, hell no it isn't).
To give more context, it all happened in a light hearted and silly mood. Sure his feelings probably got hurt for a while (can't deny that horrified look I saw) but obviously I reassured him and we laughed about it. 

Reason I posted this is because my boyfriend is the one that casually mentioned about posting here, and I am curious what kind of reaction it'll get

We are now both laughing at how worked up some of you actually got ;) 

And thank you to those random redditers that find this post worthy of even a silver lol./nThis actually did happen within the last 24 hours, I'm still lying in bed trying to recover. 

So, weed has been legalized, yay Canada! Obviously, the first weekend after legalization, getting fucked up is in order. My girlfriend and I had a free weekend (kids weren't here), and that won't happen again for a while, which adds further justification. But we live in an apartment building, we don't want to stink everything up, so we decided to do edibles.

I figured, hey, let's keep it conservative, never done this before, don't want to put too much in there, right? I mean, not that weed can ever be that bad, haha, it's just marijuana. Fucking harmless. So I spend the morning and afternoon decarbing 3.5 grams of MK ULTRA and infusing it into half a cup of butter, which was then used to make brownies. Which were quite good.

We cut this shit into about 15 equal pieces. Now, I am still at this moment struggling with the math, which is pathetic given that we spent two hours trying to figure it out last night. But, I'm pretty sure that works out to 232 mg per brownie. *APPARENTLY* you should start with 10 mg. See how that goes. But on Friday night, we vaped through about 2 full grams and I didn't feel a damn thing.

We started with two brownies each. Two hours later, my girlfriend was fucked up. I was fine. So I had another one. An hour later, she could barely walk. I didn't feel it as bad as her. So, I had one more. That's 6/15, not even half the batch between us.

Turns out MJ is a helluva drug. Jesus Mother-fucking Christ. We spent about 6 hours completely fucked up. Oh my lawd, I had no fucking clue that that level of impairment was possible from weed. My mind is blown. I could not talk properly; sipping from a cup was this "big deal" where my girlfriend and I had to talk me through and encourage me; rolling over was this totally confusing repeated realization that there's a *whole other half of this room to look at*, wow!

We were wrecked. About halfway through, it went from being a laughfest to being a grim holding on. We just held hands and encouraged each other not to panic. My girlfriend thought she was dying, she was reciting her last will and testament to herself. She wanted to call an ambulance. None of this is hyperbole. We're both exhausted and sore from the twitching. The dry mouth might've been the worst part. It was incredibly intense, we had trouble talking because our mouths were so dry. 

We threw the rest of the brownies out. The smell of weed is going to make me nauseous for weeks probably.

TLDR: 125lb woman ingests half a gram of weed in brownies, 205lb man ingests almost a full gram. Both are amazed to discover that weed can in fact profoundly fuck them up. It waaaaaay too much.

Edit: thanks for the gold! And silver! And platinum! Kinda worth it...?

Edit 2: yes, it is a tragedy about throwing the brownies out. I honestly, sincerely hate the waste. But we couldn't even look at them this morning without our stomachs flip-flopping, and we absolutely could not risk the kids getting them. That would be unforgivably irresponsible. 

Edit 3: I *DID* do research, I just didn't do enough. We have now learned correct math from the comments. You're **supposed** to dose edibles using the THC percentage. This stuff has been tested at 18%. So, using that estimate, with 233 mg of weed per brownie, she had 84 mg and I had 168... Holy fuck.

Edit 4: I used the double boil mason jar method for about 60 min to decarb, then dropped a 1/2 cup of butter into the jar and let it boil for another 80 minutes. Every 10 minutes I topped up the water and shook the mixture around in the jar. There wasn't much smell at all. I can confidently state that this method works well enough to get a person high.

**Final edit**: Some important safety tips from someone who read the safety tips and didn't get it, and is now learning from hundreds of comments. For those making **positive** contributions, thank you! We're enjoying them! 
1. They say wait at least 2 hours before having another. *Wait longer*! Like, a day. It is not worth the risk of having too much.
2. There's a general agreement that edibles are much stronger, and that even someone with a respectable tolerance for smoking might get annihilated.
3. There's a lot of stories here where the impairment lasted days. I fucked up even bigger by not fully considering that. So keep that in mind. /nToday my cousin bought an 8 inch black realistic suction cup dildo as a birthday present for my brother, whom in horror discarded the obscene dingus. Being the saint that I am, I adopted this orphaned device. 

My friend and I provided the poor discarded ornament with a purpose, I replaced the toilet roll holder with our new trinket, which worked fabulously. 

However, the mere potential of comical joy to be experienced was wasted on such a mundane destiny, and thus I proceeded to stick the suction end to my forehead and become the unicorn I was meant to be... I had reached my comical peak. As we cackled at the flailing 8 inch dick upon my forehead I could feel something was terribly wrong. 

I heard a loud squelching pop as the large appendage detached, my friend looked at me in horror. Upon my forehead I had been crested with the biggest hickey possibly to have existed in the past millennia. The curse spot consists of a large darkening purple oval of approximately 6cm by 3cm. 

I leave for Italy in 8 hours for my summer holiday.... my friends won’t be able to look at me in the eyes. I fear for what the security at the airport may think of my battle wound. 

TL;DR: Stuck an 8-inch suction-cup dildo to my forehead, now left with giant hickey hours before I depart for Venice...

EDIT: Some visual aids: https://imgur.com/a/I9zxIrc

https://imgur.com/a/zseCPGf/n   Happened an hour ago on lunch, so a real tifu for you guys. On Wednesday’s our department head takes everyone out for a long lunch, it’s a special time we all look forward to in our boring 45 hour work week. It is normal to carpool all together and naturally I drive my two friend-coworkers each time. However this week we have a new hire just out of grad school, we’ll call her Sarah (changed). She’s quickly picking up pace with the rest of the office and settling in nicely. While everyone is leaving the office for lunch I offer her a ride in my car with the other two and she agrees and hops in the passenger seat. Now here’s where the first fuck up happens.
   While on the way to the restaurant Sarah is picking up on the group dynamic and tagging in on some good banter. Everything is going smooth and then while crossing into an intersection the car in front of us gets swiped by someone who thought they could make the right turn in time. Traffic comes to a halt and I slam on the breakers and in doing so reach out to my right to stop her from flying forward. I check to see we are all good and everyone is okay while realizing I am currently full on honkin Sarah’s right knocker my words start to trail off. “Damn I hope everyone is oka.....” that kind of sentence that time slows down in, yeah. Amazingly she laughs it off and says not to worry about it that I was just reacting to the situation. For the next few minutes the car was silent until Sarah said “that’s funny I haven’t had that much action in a while” which eased the mood and the car all laughed. And fuck up number two comes from my dumb ass saying “ahh well we all have our dry spells.” Something I thought was innocent enough but still playing along with the banter we had going earlier. She goes quiet the rest of the car starts chatting again. 
   We get to lunch and everything seems okay but Sarah is a little off and not as bright or talkative as she was in the morning so I ask what’s up. She told me she was a little uneasy at my comment in the car. I instantly apologized saying I had no reason to talk about her sexuality and her private life and that I was sorry. She said she didn’t care about that and that it was fine it’s just that it reminded her of the anniversary of her husbands death coming up next month. My heart sunk. I had completely forgotten about her husband. I felt so bad I instantly started apologizing for everything in the world I felt horrible. My friend overheard this and just was white in the face, he seemed mortified to even spectate this conversation. Sarah ended up going home early about 15 minutes ago but stopped by my desk to tell me not to worry about anything from lunch. I feel so horrible that I have been sitting here unproductive writing a reddit post to cope with it. Please reddit help me feel a little better.

TLDR: I yanked a widows titty

edit:*formatting* p.s. - damn I didn't check this for hours until I got home, thanks for all the kind words and your internet points, I never thought I'd be given gold for stopping short thanks!/nThrowaway.  Well it was around noon when I ate my pasta.  Shortly after that I found myself to be slightly off-kilter and queasy but in great spirits.  I initially attributed the feeling to that 2nd cup of coffee I shouldn't have had.  At 2pm it was my hour-long lunch break which I always use for some gym time.  As I was walking out of the office I realized that this wasn't just the caffeine talking.  The possibility that I was in fact, tripping, didn't even occur to me until this point when realized how it could have happened, and sure enough, it did.  Somehow.  Life finds a way.  Saturday morning I had prepared some 'gummy bears' for my friends using the translucent Tupperware lid as the backdrop. Some of the residue must have lived through the night.  On Sunday I made a bunch of pasta and started eating straight out of the Tupperware.  I put the lid on and didn't think twice about it.  Today I ate leftovers at work that must have been contaminated by the container.  Or maybe I laid my fork on the lid, then licked that fork...mmmyeah.  I'm honestly perplexed how eating the pasta could have dosed me since I microwaved that shit for a few minutes and it's my limited understanding that high temperature will often nullify the drug. It did though and by the time I had walked to the gym I knew damn well what was coming my way.   Well anyway, I went to the gym and worked out pretty intensely for 40 minutes in an effort to blow off all the nervous steam and jitters.  The work-out was rather standard except for a brief moment where, lost in concentration, I started walking out of the gym then got slightly disoriented when I didn't know where I was going, or why.  I pulled myself together and took a cold shower then took a nice long walk outside before I had to take the plunge.  I did my best to act like a normal human upon re-entry.  I cracked one joke (that actually went over really well with half the office) before admonishing myself to behave. My behavior was normal except for when I forgot my co-workers name during an introduction.  We had a new team-member start today and I had to give her a tour.   I don't think she could tell I was fucked up but I know I was sweating a lot and rambling.  I now have another 50 minutes before I very non-nonchalantly walk out of the office, secret intact, and take a very long walk home.  What a fucking Monday.

TL;DR: Accidentally dosed myself and had to spend the rest of the day pretending I was a normal, sober, middle-level manager at the office./nThis happened about 30 minutes ago, it's 4am and I'm tired and stupid for this. 

I'm one of those people, where if I fall asleep I sometimes forget what I was doing before I went to sleep.

So I was playing RE7 in VR, but it was getting kinda late but I wanted to stay up and play anyways. I started to fall asleep, and just passed out kinda instantly.

Then I woke up, my head felling weirdly heavy. BUT HOLY SHIT I JUST WOKE UP AND ALL I CAN SEE AROUND ME IS A DARK ROOM WITH SOME TABLES CHAIRS ALL I CAN HEAR ARE CREEPY NOISES AND ITS DARK OUTSIDE AND  I HAVE NO IDEA WHERE I AM. 

So logically I stand up from my chair( i didn't even check to look, but I'm pretty sure my in game guy was standing) and run and scream.

Somehow my arm got around my monitor( or maybe a cord idk), I also ran into the wall (which made no sense to me because I wasn't even near a wall), and then it happened.

I start to feel hands all around me(my mom), and the feeling of something come in or out of my ear(my earbuds that I didn't know were there), and the sound of my mom asking "What the hell, are you ok?"

She took the headset off of me, and I see the destruction I did to my monitor, and the small dent/damage to the wall. 

My mom laughed her ass off at me, and told me we will talk about it tomorrow. 


tl;dr slept with scary game on, thought it was my reality. broke stuff by accident and feel dumb./nObligatory this happened yesterday. This girl and I had a fun filled day out on the town. Afterwards we got a hotel. Things started getting hot and heavy and my fingers ended up in her pants. One thing led to another and I started fingering her. She was having a grand old time showing the usual signs that I was doing a decent job. A good portion of the way through my nails must have given her a bit of a cut and she said ou.... and passed out cold. I'm sitting her wondering what the fuck just happened. I call her name and start panicingly shaking her. She's not responsive and I slap her face. As soon as I did this she starts having a seizure. Now I'm freaking the out. I jump out of bed and start to call an ambulance. I'm about to start the call and when she stops and starts making grunting noises. She's giving me this wtf just happened look and I tell her what happened. At first she tells me she doesn't believe me but then said that she has a history of having seizures when she gets hurt or scared. She said that when she has a seizure it's best to let it take its course unless it goes on for a while. I just sat there in that "thank god I didn't finger a girl to death" state. Needless to say our sexy time ended right there.

TLDR: I fingered a girl into a seizure. She stops and says it happens sometimes./nUPDATE POST HERE:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c6m476/tifu\_update\_letting\_my\_nephew\_use\_my\_fortnite/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c6m476/tifu_update_letting_my_nephew_use_my_fortnite/)   


Maybe you already know where this is going.

My niece and nephew are the best niece and nephew an uncle could ask for. They're bright,  kind, good-natured kids. My niece (who we'll call L), and my nephew (who we'll call W) don't have many games on their PSN account, so being the ~~cool~~ stupid uncle I am, I game them access to my PSN account, to play my far superior collection of games.All was well for about a month. I knew they couldn't buy games on the account because all payments require a card verification number.

But imagine my surprise yesterday when I get this message on facebook...

&#x200B;

"A\_Sad\_Frog, can you check your bank? "

It was my brother in law. L and W's father.

"W is playing Fortnite and he has 65,000 V bucks, is this normal?"

&#x200B;

My heart stopped. Their parents are great people, but not particularly savvy with gaming / consoles / microcurrency.[I went to my transaction history on PSN, and nearly threw up when I saw this](https://imgur.com/a/qZu4SCN)**(identifying details have been cropped out):**

&#x200B;

All told, £422.90 ($531) had been siphoned out over a week, with most of the bombardment happening yesterday. By the time I got back into to account to assess the damage, 20,000 vbucks had already been spent. I saw that the Playstation wallet can be topped up before each purchase, so they must have paid for it by first buying wallet currency, which apparently didn't require a code. That's **FU number 1.**"Tell them to stop what they're doing. Shut off your PS4. I have to sort this out".

&#x200B;

I immediately unhooked any bank cards from the account, and looked at what my options were. **NOTHING**. PlayStation store doesn't have protections against accidental purchases like this, and the best they can do is refund the amount back into your playstation wallet. This is money that can never be accessed again, except for buying games or motherF\*ng V bucks or some other bullsh\*t currency. For all intents and purposes, I have lost that money. The bank can't do anything about it.

So here's where it gets really messed up. **FU number 2**. My girlfriend is visiting family in the US, and was **storing her savings for the trip** in that account. She will have expenses sorted because she's staying with family, but she will be going with virtually zero spending money now, and they had a number of activites planned which she likely can't take part in now. That was a very difficult phonecall, and she handled it better than I ever could have expected, and far better than I deserved.

I'm not mad at the kids. I genuinely don't think they meant it. I'm mad at myself. I didn't think it was possible, but then I should have done more research. I feel so terribly terribly guilty for putting my girlfriend in this situation, the kids are upset that they did it, their parents are currently suffering from stage 4 embarrassment cancer, and all around the whole thing is just F'ed. We're not a rich couple, and this one has hit us both pretty hard.

So, fair warning, **double check that your payment security features on PSN are set up properly** or you could end up getting thoroughly shafted as we did.

**TLDR:** Left my PlayStation account to the mercy of my 5 year old nephew, who spent all of my girlfriend's holiday money on vbucks, mostly in the space of a day.

**EDIT:** A couple of people have mentioned that we get email notifications on a purchase. This is true, but it's set up on a different email that wasn't set up on our phones to notify us. It would have **dramatically** improved the outcome of this if we had done that. **FU number 3** confirmed.

**UPDATE #1:** Playstation support was closed for phonecalls today, so it will be tomorrow (monday) when I can contact them./nObligatory: did not happen today, but 13 years ago, but it also ties in to recent events.

I lived with two roommates in a 3 bedroom apartment during college; we’ll call them Ned and Ethan. The three of us became great friends and partook in standard college debauchery, to include pranks. The most common recurring prank was laying-in-wait somewhere in the apartment with an acoustic guitar, ready to bust out Adam Sandler’s At a Medium Pace (google it) at the most unexpected time. (Everyone thinks they’re hilarious in college, I know).
The most common locations for this were the living room closet, under the kitchen table, or some other common area of the apartment. But one night, my dumbass-self decided to kick it up a notch, hide in Ned’s bedroom closet, wait until he was just about to fall asleep, and then hit him with the crass sounds of Adam Sandler on my shitty Washburn 6-string. 

Trying this sort of shenanigan on a random college student would be suicide, but Ned was no random college student. Ned was the 6’3” milquetoast soft-hearted teddy bear that all the ladies loved, but none of them would date. Ned would drive 3 hours home every weekend and bring back a casserole that his parents still cooked for him. Ned never talked bad about anyone behind their back, always tried to pick up the tab at the bar, and would be sure that everyone had a sober ride home. In short, Ned was the kid that every quixotic parent wishes their angel would be when they send them off to college. So to me, that meant that whenever Ned shut his door at night, he changed into a neatly pressed set of pajamas, humbly consumed an 8oz glass of tap water, and retired to bed.

So I grabbed my guitar, turned off my bedroom light, shut my door (so that he’d think I had went to bed early), and snuck into Ned’s bedroom to position myself in his closet. It was a reach-in closet with the accordion doors that had the horizontal slats at a 45 degree pitch, [like this](https://cdn.instructables.com/FYA/UC2H/HMVJA37Y/FYAUC2HHMVJA37Y.MEDIUM.jpg). Ned’s bed was on opposite side of the room from the closet, so I’d have an adequate acoustic buffer beween myself and Ned, in case I accidently shifted my weight and made a subtle noise. But directly next to the closet (literally one foot of distance from myself) was Ned’s computer and desk. 
Ned came into his room for the evening, shut his door, turned off the light, and sat directly down at his computer. Due to the 45 degree angle of the closet slats, I could see the computer monitor on his desk perfectly from my head level, down to the desk level. The 12 inch proximity of Ned spiked my adrenaline, and I began to control my breathing. My back was pressed against coat hangers, and I had to diligently muffle an acoustic guitar to avoid giving away my position. Ned loaded up his email for some nightly reading, and I had convinced myself that everything was now just a waiting game. ([Artist depiction](https://i.imgur.com/XmLM5Bh.png))

As Ned closed his email though, my gleeful, mischievous anticipation promptly transitioned. Ned did not reach for his glass of water. Ned did not opt for the pajamas. Ned did not leave his desk. Ned reached for a box of tissues, navigated his browser to a site that specialized in anal sex of large black women, and dropped trou.

A million regretful thoughts immediately went through my panicked brain, but it was too late. If I make myself known now, he’d be immensely embarrassed and angry that I had just violated his privacy. But if I *didn’t* speak up now, chances are I’d have to reveal myself after he was done doing the deed at some point, which means he would have rubbed one out while his roommate had a line of sight 12 inches away. So I was just stuck there, frozen, trying to remain motionless and silent, while Ned flogged the dolphin mere inches away. It felt like I was breathing down his neck while he was stroking it.

My hands began to cramp as I awkwardly held the guitar in a way that wouldn’t generate an ounce of noise. My legs began to jitter as I compensated for the awkward position of my back against coat hangers. Seconds turned into minutes and minutes felt like hours as I waited for him to finish, not knowing how the hell I was going to make it out of his room without him noticing.

After Ned’s satisfactory groan of pleasure in tandem with a rhythmic plop-plop-plop-plop onto a Kleenex, it felt like my guilt had transitioned from a misdemeanor to a felony, and my knees were jittering so hard that I had already started rehearsing an apology in my head for when he inevitably heard a noise from his closet.

Ned promptly got into bed on the opposite side of the room, and I had started to evaluate my decision in life, and the real possibility of spending the entire damned night inside of his closet. All critical thinking had revealed zero other courses of action, until I remembered my cell phone was in my pocket. But with two hands stifling an acoustic guitar and zero room to maneuver, how would I get the phone out my pocket? Somehow I did, and I texted Ethan in the next room over:

> foogama: In Ned’s closet. Was trying to do Medium Pace gag. Ned started wanking before I could start. Now I’m stuck in the closet and can’t get out. Need help.
> 
> Ethan: LOL right.
> 
> foogama: Ethan, I’m dead serious. I need you to help create a distraction for Ned so that I can gtfo of this closet and back into my room without him noticing.
> 
> Ethan: …we’re going to need to have a talk later.

Right around then our landline phone rang (yeah, they were still on the tail end of existing in 2005). It was 10:45pm on a Thursday, but I could hear Ethan answering it loudly and obviously: **“HELLO? WHY YES NED IS HERE. IS EVERYTHING OKAY? NED! NED COME HERE, PHONE FOR YOU!”** Ned rolled over in bed, and immediately took the bait. How this never raised suspicion, I’ll never know. It was a cordless phone. There was no need for Ned to walk all the way out of his room to the kitchen. But thank god he did. I bolted out of that closet and retreated back to my room and Ned was none the wiser, as he went to take a phone call that some "stranger" had conveniently disconnected right as he got there.

I was forever in debt to Ethan for saving my ass, and we never told Ned. That is, of course until last weekend, 13 years later, when we were both in Ned’s wedding. There was a fun pre-wedding bachelor activity with the groomsmen where we all had to list something we “found interesting” about Ned and put it into a hat for a groomsmen to pick out of a hat. 4-beers in, I was convinced by Ethan to write “That he enjoys anal sex with large black women” because it would make a fun “bachelor story” over 10 years after the fact.

But of course that’s not what happened. The best man decided it would be more fun to—without warning—switch things up, and swap hats with the maid of honor, so that we’d be reading the bride’s, and they’d be reading Ned’s. And of course, there was a larger black woman as a bridesmaid on the other side of the aisle who just happened to fucking draw that out of the damn hat. I didn’t even know her name. I had actually never even met the bride until the wedding weekend.

The bridesmaid read it aloud, mortified, and tried to brush it off as an intentional joke, targeted at her in poor taste. Ned, however, looked like everyone in the room had just seen him naked. He immediately pulled all of his groomsmen aside, and asked us who had put that into the hat. I immediately confessed, and explained the story from 2005. Ethan and I waited for Ned to chuckle, smirk, or brush it off as a ridiculous moment in history, but apparently it was still too soon. We were both relieved of our ceremonial bible verse reading duties that day and had to go apologize to his bride and the bridesmaid.

**tl;dr – Hid in my roommate’s closet as a prank, watched him jack off to anal porn 12 inches away, kept it a secret for over a decade, and then revealed the information to his bride’s best friends in the most awkward way possible on his wedding day.**

I've since learned my lesson and just don't hide in peoples' bedrooms like an idiot.

EDIT: Thank you all for the gold, comments, and concerns for Ned. Ned is a really great guy and I'm sure we'll be fine.

EDIT 2: I got "Ethan" to create a reddit account and entertain questions. You can [find his comment here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7y6bqu/tifu_by_revealing_that_i_had_secretly_hid_in_my/duf2fq4/).

EDIT 3: /u/Nippy_Hades was kind enough to [narrate this entire thing](https://youtu.be/t5ZOslCy71Y?t=14m32s) for your listening pleasure and my eternal remorse.
/nObligatory "didn't happen today" but four years ago when I was 17.

Also no need for a throwaway account since pretty much everyone I know have heard the story.

&#x200B;

My friend and I were in the sauna and he gets an idea that we should see which one of us could make our balls clap louder by hip thrusting back and forth and I was like "yeah haha let's do that!" So there we were, two straight dudes standing in the sauna hip thrusting away and laughing at the sound our sacks made. My friend won the contest and we sat down. I started to feel a little uncomfortable. Like someone was squeezing my right nut. It didn't hurt that much when I was sitting down but once I got out of the sauna and went to take a shower the pain level spiked suddenly. My vision went blurry and ears started ringing from the pain (and possibly dehydration from furiously hip thrusting in an 80 ° C sauna). I dragged myself to the kitchen and sat down. My friend brought me a glass of water and I chugged it down in one go. I told him that my testicle hurts like never before and asked if he had any painkillers. He asked me if I preferred paracetamol or ibuprofen, I said I'll have both. I chewed the pills and swallowed them without water or anything, usually I require generous amounts of water but this time it was an emergency. I laid down on his bed for a while and when the pain was at a tolerable level I told him that I'm going to head home. I had ridden my moped there so I had to ride it home as well. It was winter and the roads were bumpy. Each bump felt like someone punched me in the ball sack but I managed to get home. Once I got home I walked  straight to my room and wet to sleep. Usually I stay up late so my mom came to see me and asked why I went to sleep so early. She was worried that I had been drinking or taken drugs so I just told her that I almost fainted and want to sleep now. In the morning when I woke up the pain had eased but my testicle was oddly shaped and still a bit sore so I rode my moped to school and went to the school nurse straight away. She examined my ball and wrote me a referral to a hospital. When I got home from school I showed the referral to my dad and he drove me to the hospital. There they took a urine sample and an ultrasound. We waited for the results and an hour later a surgeon comes almost running to me and told me that I had a testicular torsion and that we would be going to the operating room immediately. A nurse handed me hospital clothes and my dad took all my personal belongings. I changed my clothes and lied down on the hospital bed and they rushed me through the hospital to the operating room. I was put to sleep and when I woke up in the recovery ward I immediately sat up. A nurse noticed me and told me about the surgery. They tried to restore the blood flow to my testicle but it had already gone necrotic and it had to be removed. I started laughing hysterically (probably due to the medication and anesthetics). The nurse informed my parents and they came to visit me an hour later. They were shocked about my condition and asked me how I was feeling "as a man" but I told them that I just find it funny how one one can lose a testicle in a ball slapping contest. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR Had a hip thrusting contest with my friend to see who could clap one's balls loudest, ended up losing the contest and my right testicle./nMy grandparents don't earn much and are living hand to mouth. They don't go out much from their house. So I help them in their routine chores like paying bills, going to ATMs etc.  I'm also incharge of collecting their pension. 

Few days back, my granddad gave me the undertaking required to collect the pension. It usually takes an hour but that day it took 3. I also had somethings to attend to. So, when I was done, I realised that it was late. I came back to my place (we live separately) and figured that I'll return his pension the next day. 

The next few days were so hectic that I completely forgot about his pension. I usually keep two wallets, one has all the cash (which I keep at home and has the pension) and the other one has only cards. I use the latter one more. After 5 days, I was in need of some cash. So I opened my other wallet and realized that his pension was still sitting there. 

I was horrified and then some guilt came and then a little more. I was so ashamed that i ran to their house. I knew that they'd be angry so I bought some groceries as a compensation. As soon as My granddad opened the door,  I started apologizing. He kept smiling during my apology and forgave me as soon as I was done. I handed over the pension and went to keep the groceries in the fridge.

Well my guilt was gone and I was again my normal miserable self. I opened the fridge to put the groceries in, and it was literally empty except a few ice trays there was nothing. My guilt came running back to me, I walked in the kitchen and there was just a half cut loaf of bread. I knew I was the cause of this. 

I asked them about it and they told me how they knew I was busy and thought that I'd turn up when I have the time. They didn't even try calling me because of the same reason. I had never been more ashamed in my life.  My one mistake pushed them towards starvation. 

They already had a really hard life. They had been abandoned by their children, who took all their money. First their children stopped caring then somewhere down the line, they did too. And I guess that's why they've stopped asking for anything from anyone. It's really hard to watch and still, they keep smiling with their saddened eyes. I guess when you get old, you stop expecting from life anymore. 

TL;DR: forgot to give my grandpa's pension back due to my busy schedule. They didn't have enough money to buy groceries and had to survive on a loaf of bread.

Edit: This really blew up! Thank you random strangers of Reddit for all your upvotes.
And a special thanks to /u/Grousakes and all the others for your silver and gold. Even though I don't know you, I know that you're good people.
And lastly, thank you Grandma and Grandpa!

Edit2: Thank you guys for all your amazing suggestions. I'd try to implement them. And your generous offers to help me out. I'm truly greatful! 
I'm amazed that this made it to the front page! 
Thanks guys!

Edit3: guys check out r/caregiversupport, if you want to help someone. It was suggested in the comments.

Edit4: guys I'd like to give you some context. There are so many valuable suggestions but I'd like to mention that I live in India. There are not many services available related to elderly. Even the normal food delivery services are scarce.
Also I've tried many things but my grandparents are very unlucky. They were doing well until 4 years ago, when my grandpa lost his eyesight due to his diabetes and cataract. He now can only see from one eye having only 1/8th vision and is advised to not to read or write. He used to handle all the finances but now he is unable to do anything.
My grandma is not literate. She dropped out of school in early years and couldn't read or write much. So she can't access any services. She just does the household chores. 
That's why I've been helping them. 
Even after all this, they don't let me pay for anything. Even a simple thing like electric bill payment is reimbursed to me. It's really unfortunate what happened with them but they don't show it even a bit. They're a proud couple and I really love them a lot./nHere we go. This happened yesterday in university. 

So, I wake up at 7 and I have two mid-term internal class tests from 8:30 to 9:30 and another from 9:30 to 10:30.

I brush my teeth and take a bath and go to my room to get dressed. As I am drying myself I pick up the phone to check time and it’s only 7:20 yet and I have good 30 minutes as breakfast plus travel only takes 40 minutes from my home to university and I haven’t had a good release since a week. 

I take my phone, sit on my bed, scratch my balls while searching PornHub. I take my time and find some videos and start doing my own rhythm. I am all into it and realise I have only 5 more minutes left. I give myself the dopamine and get dressed in a hurry. 

I reach university and the examination hall is already full. Here (India) you can only take your stationary, water bottle, calculator (scientific not programmable) and your Exam Registration. I take my stuff and enter the classroom. 

The invigilator signs me in and hands me the answer sheet and question paper. I go to my desk and as I am fumbling around for my pen, my hand senses the phone in my left pocket. I lose my shit and get all tensed up. 

I try to keep calm and switch it to Silent Mode and tell myself if I act normally I won’t get caught with it and will probably not get into any trouble. 

Soon after the Unfair Means Squad (They check if you have something to cheat) enter the class and go around checking for books or questionable stuff. I keep my head down and act like I have nothing. 

One of the female professors lands next to me and tells me to get up. I start sweating and I almost shit my pants. She tells me to empty my pockets and I take everything out and put it on the desk.

 She stares at me and picks up my phone. 

“You seem like a studious one. Why are you cheating?” She said. 

“I am not. It’s an honest mistake.” 

Then she asks me to unlock it so that she can check if I have any PDF or Browser open and says that if she finds nothing, she’ll let me go. 

My heart finally stops powering a jet and I place my finger over the fingerprint and it opens. 

My heart now starts powering a rocket as I recognise the black screen with a buffer between it. The video paused.  There’s nothing on the screen though. No image or thumbnail. 

“Cheating from a video?” She says and she clicks play button on the bottom left. 

There it is. Dani Daniels and Manuel Ferrara going at it. The sound of Dani Daniels screaming like a cat being strangled echoes through out the hall. 

The professor dropped my phone and had a face as if I was masturbating in front of her. 

Now I have failed Computational Mathematics and have to give a written apology to the Dean of Academics and Convenor of Examination. 

Anyway, one girl who was sitting somewhere around me asked which porn was it. Had to send the link. 


TL;DR : I forgot to close my porn window after masturbating. Accidentally took my phone to the examination hall where it wasn’t allowed and thr professor caught me. She checked the phone and the porn plays at full volume in the hall with 70 people sitting in it.

Edit : 

1. For the people who think this is fake. It is not.   
                                                         
2.  For people who are saying why was I failed and now need to produce an apology one even though I wasn’t cheating - It is because in India these things are taken very seriously and even small stupid things are grounds for detention and lawful action. Also, I only need to apologise for the phone and not for the porn. 

3. The porn was Manuel Ferrara and Dani Daniels, they don’t have much together. You will easily get it with one search on PornHub. If I may suggest something much more better, please try Manuel Ferrara and The Goddess Remy LaCroix. The video starts with them talking about cup or something. That also is easily available. 

4. About the girl who asked for the link. 

I was standing outside the hall for the invigilator to take me to the office of the convenor of examination for further process and boy was she taking her time. 

The girl must have finished her paper soon and left the hall. As she came outside she asked me why did I bring a phone to the exam and even if I did, I could have just reported it and handed it over to the invigilator and collected it after the exam. I said I could have but my I couldn’t think at that time and was afraid. 

After that the invigilator told me to report to the office without her. The girl accompanied me to the admin office. I accepted my fault, signed the confiscation receipt and collected my phone. 

It was switched off so turned it on and she just casually was a peeking at it from the side. She asked to show me what was the video while giggling and I thought what the heck and showed it to her for a split second and then closed it. She started laughing and told me I am weird and then casually asked to send her the link. Then while we walked to the cafeteria, she told me she was my senior and was the co-mentor for my yearly project the previous year. She remembered my name and my Department. Then we parted ways. 

For fuck's sake, she is cute. Stop telling me to pursue her. I have another exam later. Maybe will meet her there. 


The Indian people here obviously understand why such strict action was taken against me.

Edit 2: Man I have been reading the comments and you bastards are funny as fuck. I have bee quite depressed since a few weeks and this cheered me up good. 

Thanks for whoever sent the silver and gold. I haven't figured out what to do with them anyway.

Edit 3: Invigilator is an actual word people and we use it all the time. In fact, that is the word for Exam Proctor here in India borrowed down from the time when we had a case of Britishers. 

Thanks for the Gold and Silver again. Open some sort of privileged Sub-Reddits I think./nThrowaway for obvious reasons.

So a little background: My current gf and I have been together for about 2 months and things have been going great. Before her I was a virgin, she's slept with a couple guys, not a big deal, blah blah blah. Obviously because the relationship is pretty new, we're still learning about what the other likes sexually, and I'm learning everything for the first time. Long story short, it came up that she likes dirty talk during sex. I said I was down to give it a shot, but deep down inside I knew that I had no idea what I would be doing and would kind of be winging it. Last weekend we went out for drinks, hormones started flying, and we decided it was time to wrap the night up, so we went back to her place. So we're getting it on, drunkenly fumbling and slobbering, but we're wasted so it's fine. She's telling me about how wet she is and all the things she wants me to do to her...all the nasty stuff.
She kind of rambled for a bit, and I was feeling a bit of pressure to chime in, because surely she'd run out of material soon. The rum is swooshing through my veins at this point, making me feel much more comfortable than I normally do. This is all new territory for me, but I'm feeling adventurous tonight, a bit like Christopher Columbus, and she's what I think is India. So I decide to talk dirty. Her monologue was cycling back to her being wet, and like a hungry cheetah, I figure this is the perfect time to strike. And that's when I cleverly decided to ask if I make her "moister than an oyster". 

Her face fell. It's hard to describe the mixture of despair and drunken hopelessness that spilled across her face. I went from being a cunning cheetah pouncing on a wounded antelope, to being a cheetah that tried pouncing but tripped over a log and broke its neck in the process. I've been wondering how I could have fucked up such an easy moment, but nothing can explain it. We approach this next weekend, and we've talked twice since then. I don't think I'll be redeeming myself anytime soon. 

TLDR: I decided to be sexy and asked my gf if I made her moister than an oyster. She doesn't think oysters are sexy./nSo I just started in this company a few weeks back. I'm your typical shy person that in the first few weeks doesn't say much and really needs some time to get comfortable with the new situation and new people. Starting this job it was no different.

Now, a few weeks later I'm starting to feel comfortable around everyone and also starting to make jokes and joining non-work related discussions between co-workers. Somehow we landed on the topic of old diseases that nowadays barely occur. My manager named a few and I said that the ones she mentioned actually still exist in other less developed parts of the world.

Then I jokingly said, 'And nowadays you don't know, with the rise of brain dead anti-vaxx moms we might be again introduced to all kinds of weird and ancient diseases.' ...

My co-workers all cracked a laugh, but the look on my managers face said it all and there was instant regret from my side. She raised her voice and started firing questions asking  anti-vaxx moms are brain dead, rambling about the vaccines being the cause of autism and the pharma industry is trying to control the mind and body of her coming baby. It was one blasting tirade, about how she is woke and shit.

I guess the coming year will be one really interesting one for me.

**TL:DR** Joked about anti-vaxx moms in front of my manager who is pregnant, and apparently supports the anti-vaxx movement. Tension on the workplace ever since have been, so to call, quite high. /nObligatory this didn't happen today, it happened last summer. Newly obligatory this will not end in incest. I didn't accidentally eat out my cousin or half-sister or whatever dumbass erotica you're all posting lately. Obligatory TL;DR at bottom.

&#x200B;

It's a perfect summer night in 2018. I'm leaving a job that I hate with my life, freshly broken up with, ready to throw on my leather and fuck anyone in arm's reach. I turn up to my local watering hole right before 1 AM,  toss back a couple beers and post up, alone, on the outskirts of the main bar.

&#x200B;

Last call rings out, the bar is mobbed. I lock eyes with a moderately attractive girl (MAG) who approaches me shortly after. She's equal parts drunk/horny, and does not hesitate to let me know. She's celebrating a friend's birthday with a squad of girls, one of whom sidles up to us and starts hitting on me hard.

&#x200B;

MAG is totally fine with this, and the friend would land on the higher end of the BMI chart, leading me to believe I'm being hit with a bait and switch. They SWIFTLY disprove that theory by literally asking if I "want both" of them. Worth noting that this is the only time I've been anywhere near a threesome, before or since, so I jumped at the chance.

&#x200B;

Next thing I know, we're in a cab on the way back to whoever's house the birthday pregame was. There is alcohol EVERYWHERE. They're feeding me shots/cold buffalo chicken dip like it's my last day on earth. Some girl is crying on the couch.

&#x200B;

My drunk ass picks up the signal that an ex-boyfriend is the cause of this girl's sorrow. Having been recently broken up with, I know exactly where her head is at. Having done far too many shots, I am not scared to console this crying stranger. Soon I will be the Advice Champion, and fuck every girl in the house.

&#x200B;

I launch into my speech, hitting every point she so desperately needs to hear:

* You're so much better than him.
* He *OBVIOUSLY* doesn't deserve you.
* You'll look back and laugh at this in a month.

&#x200B;

I'm now starting to notice that the cheers and applause I was waiting for are actually all death stares, even a few dropped jaws. As it turns out, this girl's boyfriend didn't break up with her. 

&#x200B;

No, he fucking ***DIED.***

&#x200B;

The guy died in a car accident and I'm telling her she'll be laughing about it in a month. Nobody fucked anybody that night.

&#x200B;

**TL;DR:** I was invited back to a girl's house for a threesome, got very drunk and tried to console a girl crying over her ex-boyfriend that she's better than him, etc. He didn't break up with her, he fucking died./nBackstory- My parents wanted me to learn responsibility with money when I was in middle school so they opened a bank account for me with a debit card. They have complete access to it and can take out or add money if they want to. Multiple times while in high school I had money saved up in my account and they took huge chunks out because they “needed it.” I was paid back in increments when they took large amounts of money out but I still don’t think they have fully paid me back for all the money they took. 

Fast forward to now and I still haven’t learned my lesson of keeping my money in a separate account that they don’t have access to. I have to take our student loans to pay for school (tuition, rent, utilities, food, etc). I had $4000 in student loan money in my account last month and I get a text from my mom saying she transferred all that money to her account so she could pay my rent in advance for the next couple months. I didn’t understand why she did that because I’ve been paying my monthly rent just fine but I said okay and didn’t think twice about it until yesterday. 

My rent is due the first of each month and if my mom would have prepaid my rent, I should not have gotten a notification to pay it. But I did get a notification and I was confused. I logged online to look at my account and it said I needed to make a payment. I thought it was just an error or something so I called the 24 hour hotline and they told me there was no payment ever made. I confronted my mom about this and she said “oh crap I forgot to pay it! Let me go pay it real quick.” I was relieved but only for a little bit. She came back later and told me my dad spent all my loan money on bills and Christmas gifts because he thought it was theirs. She told me she is sorry but they don’t have the money right now to pay me back because they don’t have any extra money leftover after Christmas. So now I have come up with enough money to pay my rent and utility bill and am out $4000. I doubt I will ever see anything close to that $4000 again.

TL;DR - Parents have access to my bank account and mom took out my $4000 in loan money to pay my rent. Dad spent all the money and they can’t pay me back. I’m out $4000.  

Edit - I have since created a new checking account online at a different bank and will be moving what money I have left into the new account and will be adding my direct deposit to the new account. Thank you all for the advice so far and the support!

Edit 2 - I am overwhelmed with the number of people who have PM’d me offering advice, kind words, and even offering me money or starting a gofundme. I’m amazed how much people would do for a complete stranger and can’t express my gratitude enough. However, I was smart enough with my money last semester and have enough saved up to still pay my rent. I never thought I would need a rainy-day fund so soon haha. But I am okay and it would feel wrong to accept any of your money. You all are an example of how much good is in this world./nFigured it out today, but have been fucking up for 3 weeks. 

Bf started chemo and has been very fortunate to be feeling pretty ok. So our sex life has stayed at our normal level. Probably even more active since, well, he's terminal. 

I've been having horrible nausea and headaches. I already have anxiety so I figured I'm just a mess over the cancer, kids, job stress, etc. and making myself sick. 

This morning I woke up queasy again and joked about having sympathy chemo symptoms. I Google, and no that's not a thing, but secondhand chemo exposure is...through bodily fluids. Symptoms include nausea and headaches. And the periods of me feeling bad line up perfectly to his treatments. 

I've been letting my dude nut poison in me folks. 

You're supposed to use condoms for several days after chemo and also not swap a bunch of spit. Now that I know this it seems SUPER OBVIOUS. But uh, guess I was too horny to think it through.

TL;DR did dirty deeds with my bf's chemo dick and got sick from it

ETA: Thanks for all the well wishes and debates on my stupidity. 

To answer as many questions as I can and also because I feel mildly defensive: He is stage 4, with literal dozens of bone mets. There is no cure but no timeline either. We probably have a few more years. He is in EXCELLENT care at a renowned university program. We adore his team. I've been at every appointment, taken notes, blah blah. This was not reviewed with us, only side effects. The separate bathroom/ wear gloves thing was reviewed with the couple next to us and we even wondered aloud what kind of scary chemo they were getting. We didnt read the pamphlet because this ain't his first chemo rodeo. But it is mine. So all of us, including his care team, let it slip through the cracks. We're only in our 30s but our best guess is they figured he'd be too weak for sex. Or they just forgot. Or they figured we'd read the info. Shit happens. 

Edit 2: please stop hitting on me in my DMs, jesus fucking christ /nMy girlfriend and I have been together for several months now. We only see each other on weekends due to distance and work schedules, but this last weekend I fucked up. 

Her friend was hanging out with us, who is also female. They were making out and grabbing on each other, and well one thing led to the next and I was involved. We went to the bed and started fucking, but before I went inside her friend, I looked at my girlfriend in the eyes and asked, "is this okay?" 

She said yes, but shortly after this, my girlfriend got up and left but we thought she went to the bathroom. After a few minutes, we stopped having sex and went to look for her but couldn't find her for 15 min. 

My girlfriend was understanding and wasn't upset with me, or her friend, or so I thought. I called her the following night cause I felt extremely guilty. She said it was okay and it was just a spur of the moment kind of thing. She simply asked that I never do it again. 

Come this weekend, she breaks up with me over text saying she doesn't want to be with someone who slept with her friends. I absolutely love her so much but I let lust get between us. 

I really fucked up guys..

TL;DR: I fucked my girlfriend's friend with her and then she broke up with me because she doesn't want to be with someone who slept with her friends./nWhile overseas, one of the things we were charged with doing on a regular basis was disposing of insane amounts of illegal drugs. We usually were most concerned with the opium/poppy industry; however, a larger pot bust was enough to give us something to do. Typically, we would raid a compound and find a couple 100 lb sacks of ground marijuana. Enough pot for a lifetime. The pot fields grow wild out there, football fields in size, and 8-10 feet tall. Sometimes taller. It’s grown in a way that corn is grown in the civilized world, with irrigation and pesticides. It’s a remarkable sight. 

For those of you who have read my prior posts that mention marijuana use, I would like to clarify… I never touched the stuff overseas. Far too terrifying. They also mix pot with chicken poop and various other things so there’s another reason to steer clear.

Anyways, usually we just covered a couple hundred pounds of ground pot in diesel fuel, lit it on fire and went home. Far too risky to hang around and wait for it to burn. Well one day while searching a suspected HME (explosives) manufacturing house, we happened upon a room that had 7 or 8 100-pound bags (320 kg) of the sticky icky. If you know anything about pot, you know its fluffy. 700+ pounds was an absolute mountain. My mind reeled at how much money this would be worth back home. A literal fortune. This looked like The Hulk fell into a wood chipper. 

A genius counterpart suggested that we bring Mt. Kushamanjaro back to our base and burn it in our own burn pit, rather than leaving it here. 

“Well that’s a clever idea!” I thought, relieved that we wouldn’t have to risk getting ambushed with the biggest freaking smoke signal ever built. 

Ah but ambushed, we were. The bags were loaded into pickup trucks and driven back to the base, hastily sliced open and dumped into the burn pit. I ran the idea by our leadership and we had a thumbs up all around. 

&#x200B;

The early effects weren’t bad. The smoke column went mostly straight up, however as it grew in size, it lazily pushed itself in the direction of the nearest guard tower, Tower 3. Jokes went around as we awaited the results. Coughing could be heard immediately and the private in Tower 3 called out to us: 

“Hey we need to…. We need to… do something… like… now?” I could hear the brain cells slowing with every word. 

This was a churchy type kid, having never been exposed to the sticky.

“Sergeant, I’m… I’m high as shit!” He yelled moments after. I panicked and sought a solution that would keep leadership out of it. 

“Someone, relieve him!” (genius)

Several individuals raced to take over Tower 3. We devised a plan for a 10-minute rotation until the wind subsided. How perfectly that column of smoke engulfed the tower was perplexing. Like a lazy pot-nado. Around this time our fire really kicked up as the wind shifted and grew in intensity... right in the direction of the command post, and subsequently Tower 2. Several high-ranking leaders came out, looking furious. 

“Who the hell approved this!!?” The First Sergeant yelled

“I believe you did..” The CO responded 

“Well where’s the detail that brought it in?” 

“That would be us First-Sergeant” Myself and a couple others. I thought back to the decision-making process and realized that I had a ton of responsibility in the matter. In fact, I was *really worried.* Abnormally concerned… I felt myself stammering over words, felt my heart begin to race, kept thinking “ohjesusohjesusohjesus I’m going to get caught...!” It was in that moment that I realized, I was sketching. I was proper baked, and not handling my shit well. 

I turned around and just sort of, left the conversation. My leaders did not need to see me drool. I hazily walked back toward Tower 3, ground zero, to find a dozen or so soldiers laying in each other’s laps, goofing off, and having a ‘deep philosophical conversation’ about a bug’s journey through life.

Inert.

I wrote Tower 3 off as combat ineffective and wandered toward Tower 2 to see if I could help, a big stupid smile on my face. They seemed to be in better shape however were arguing about how long each should have to be in the tower. Apparently, the concept of time was no longer a thing. I started to address the issue with a random sergeant in the area, but we got side tracked in conversation about the effects of diesel fuel mixed with the pot. We theorized something stupid about how the diesel fuel had longer to soak in the smoke, and that it was causing the anger among the Tower 2 crew.

I assume the wind was completely dead now, as I remember the whole compound being covered in a light haze. [**Here**](https://imgur.com/a/LVZQg8F) is a crude blueprint (greenprint?) of the above narrative.

At this point I thought it would be best to find a snack and wondered to our dining tent to see what was up. Here I was reunited with half my squad. Instead of relishing in the moment, there was a trouble cloud over our heads, and I could tell we were all pretending to be perfectly fine. Minus a couple phantom giggles, we did a pretty good job getting through a meal. 

Although I was personally quite effected, I think someone put the fire out, and a few hours later it was business as usual. A lot of stories flew around for months about the leadership getting high and what not. I did not personally see it. I came from ground zero, saw the leaders and returned to ground zero where I belonged. I theorize that my leaders took the same approach of handling it without involving their bosses. No repercussions followed.

 

TL;DR – Tried to burn a bunch of contraband, the wind shifted and the contraband burned us./nOk guys, gonna make it short. This happened like a year ago, but i just remembered it and wanned to share  


It was around noon, was feeling hungry, so i headed to my countries version of uber eats to order some nice lunch. Found the food i liked, proceeded to checkout and noticed, that the box where you can leave some message for the restaurant had no limit for characters.  
So i got an idea, to "prank" the restaurant by copypasting entire bee movie script there, so it will get printed on the receipt. Thats where the FU happened. Few mins after i sent the order, got message it was canceled .. ok no big deal, might happen, so i wanned to order the some food somewhere else, when i noticed some black-ish smoke in a distance (it wasnt that far away, but was studying and didnt wanna leave my spot in library). Well shortly after, also like 2 firetrucs passed by, heading the restaurants direction. (ps: was on ground floor, "wall" was from glass, so you could easily se on the street)  
The next day i read in local newspapers, that the exact restaurant caught fire because of some cash register malfunction

TL;DR: Ordered food online and set restaurant on fire by pasting bee movie script into the order-note box


have to edit here: thank you for those shiny medals gyus/gals! made my day <3/nSo today was pretty f*cking eventful. 

First, obligatory backstory: My best friend and I often go out on weekends, get drunk, party at clubs, etc. it’s a lot of fun when everyone’s enjoying themselves and letting loose. One weekend, my best friend’s older brother came home from Croatia ( First time in a couple years) to catch-up with the fam and had plans with him to go out on the weekend. He offers me if I want to come but I want them to have quality bro time so I pass, truly wanting them to catch-up and have some family time.

It just so happened that weekend of all weekends that my best friend (We’ll call him L) got into a fight with another group of guys. Although he and his bro didn’t sustain too much damage from the fight (The other group were wasted from alcohol and pills) L and I got into talking about joining a martial arts gym. It would be for fun and fitness, plus, learning how to defend yourself seemed smart.

We caught up and chilled at a local public playground (Keep in mind, imagine two grown ass young adults climbing up and around a tiny playground in broad daylight) and began discussing joining a local kickboxing gym. Being best friends, we started talking some sh*t, saying how much we’d deck the other and how we’d essentially easily F*ck the other up. We began to mock fight in public with parents and children walking by on the sidewalk with amusement tinged with judgement. 

It was just two 18yr olds messing around. 

All of a sudden, I say something stupid in a mock Japanese accent (I’m Asian.. chill) and proceed to attempt a jumping, flying, roundhouse, no-idea-where-the-f*ck-my-legis-going kick at L, when this child that couldn’t be over 8 jumps in and says “Hiiyaahh”

I couldn’t stop my momentum and proceeded to YEET this kid into the sandpit... 

No amount of bracing could protect our ears from the banshee scream that erupted from his mouth.

I went into instant panic mode, running to the kid to check on him. He wasn’t seriously injured, but my leg collided pretty hard. 

His older brother or something came over, laughing his ass off. I apologised profusely to both the kid and his brother, and when he stopped crying I talked him up about how strong he was to take such a ass whoopin.

His bro lightly scolded him for running into an area where two tall dipshits were flailing their legs and fists. All in all, it was pretty wholesome, the child had a new story to tell at school, and I got to kick a child in the face... Win-Win.      (that’s a joke)

TL:DR
Best friend and I were pretend fighting in a public park and when I attempted to do a ridiculous kick I saw on UFC, a kid jumped in and became collateral damage. Worth it.

Edit: Holy shit, thanks for the silver and gold, I am not worthy of this. I made this post at 12am last night and when I woke up, I was not prepared for the absolute ass load of humorous and kind comments. 

I appreciate you all!

Edit #2: I didn’t make one point clear enough regarding the playground. Besides people walking past the area on the sidewalk, the playground was empty. L and I made sure that our presence wasn’t making anyone scared or uncomfortable, if there were children already playing, we wouldn’t have even entered the playground area at all.

Hope that kinda clears some shiz up/nObligatory, wasn't today, but 2 days ago.

So my gf and I adopted a new kitten a week ago. She's a very curious kitten, as many are and she always has to be wherever my girlfriend or I go. She also has very little concern for personal space so that also makes for some interesting moments.

Well my girlfriend was in the bathroom washing her face before bed, and I had to take a piss like a fire hydrant as I had been drinking some beers throughout the evening. So I went into the bathroom and began to pee. As I was standing there next to my girlfriend filling up the sparkling white bowl, with powerwasher type pressure, the sound of my piss splashing in the water suddenly disappeared and all I could hear was a sound that resembled water draining onto a carpeted floor. I looked down into my bowl of golden fury, and to my horror, the kitten was standing inside the toilet bowl with my stream of piss splashing off the back of her head. I started screaming "OH FUCK!" And managed to pinch off my stream. The kitten didnt seem to mind getting wet via golden shower, but as soon as I pinched off my stream she bolted out of the toilet and started sprinting around our apartment. This all happened in a matter of seconds and my girlfriend was standing there, jaw on the floor, and began laughing hysterically yelling at me to go catch the cat.

It took me a few minutes to get our kitten cornered and grab her soaked, shaking little body and bring her back to the bathroom. I set her in the tub and I had to hold this piss covered feline still while my girlfriend sprayed her down with the shower head. I got her dried off and then she ran away from me and has since been very cautious whenever she comes anywhere near me. The last few nights I've woken up to her sitting on my chest, face to my face, and staring into my soul. I dont know what shes planning, but I'm sure she'll get her payback sooner or later.

My girlfriend thinks it's the funniest thing shes ever seen, but she's still a little salty that I pissed on our new kitten..

TL:DR - I gave my first and hopefully last, golden shower.... To my new kitten...

Edit - Vegeta! What does the scouter say about his upvote level?! IT'S OVER 9000!!!!!!!

Here's the little devil in question: https://imgur.com/a/nGv22WI/nOkay, so by TIFU standards, this is pretty tame, but considering the years of agony I unintentionally put myself through, I think it qualifies.

I have fairly weird-sized feet.  They're very wide, but not all that long.  I have no arch to speak of.  I'm a fairly short guy, about 5'7", and that has always played a role in my shoe size selection.  I'm pretty short so I should be wearing a fairly small size, right?

Wrong.

When I was a kid, my mom would measure the new shoes she bought for me by pressing the toe and making sure I had about a half-inch to an inch of space to grow into.

As an adult, I assumed, well, since I'm full-grown, I should buy shoes in which my toes reach all the way to the end.  For me, that's a size 10 (US).

Problem was, I kept blowing out the sides of the shoes with my wide-ass feet... no problem, I'll switch to size 10W.

Still no luck.  Still blowing the sides out of them and suffering chronic foot pain.  My running shoes were so ill-fitted that I actually suffered a hairline fracture from running with my pancake feet jammed into those narrow little torture chambers.

My friend was getting rid of a bunch of stuff he didn't need, including a pair of really nice brand-new size 11.5W Nikes.  I said, "Sure, fuck it, I'll take them, let's see how they fit."

Oh.  My.  God.

It was like wearing pillows made of clouds on my feet.  I was walking on cotton candy and unicorn farts.  I had no idea how much misery I had been in until I wore those shoes.  I wonder now if some of my poor life decisions have just been because I was in a bad mood because of so much needless foot pain and didn't realize it.  There's about 3/4 of an inch of room in the toes but that doesn't bother me at all.

TL;DR - I'm almost 36, and for fully 18 years I have been wearing shoes a size and a half too small because I was too much of an idiot to try on larger shoes./nAlright, so this is an old story, but when I found this sub, I had to share.

When I used to be a Muslim, I had an app on my phone that would sound the adhaan, when it was time for prayer.

I was on holiday the day of the fuckup. I got into a hotel elevator, this was shortly after the Paris attacks. There were roughly six people in it. Then the adhaan for prayer started blasting from my phone. For those who don’t know, the adhaan starts with allahu Akbar. When that blasted from my phone, the elevator went into mass hysteria, people were crying, screaming, another man tackled me and held me down. I had to explain to them that I wasn’t a terrorist. Then everyone just started laughing.

I understand that everyone may think this isn’t a fuckup, but I feel like I shouldn’t have had my adhaan blasting like that after an incident like the Paris attacks.

Tl;Dr: adhaan blares in elevator, everyone thinks I’m about to blow up the elevator.

EDIT: Holy fucking shit, this post has blown up.
Thanks to the people who awarded me silvers and gold:)

I need to clear some stuff up first:

When I meant laugh, (ik, that segment was worded horribly) I’m not referring to full out laughter. Just some chuckling and light laughing(if that’s even a thing)

Please stop with all these questions about my religion, let me make this clear, if you message me about my religion, I will not respond. So stop.

And one gripe, a large amount of negative comments,  in most of them the person commenting doesn’t seem to understand the full magnitude of the incident and why it provoked that response, please take the effort to fucking understand what I wrote first :)

And to all the haters who are send messages to me calling this story fake, I really don’t care if you think my story is real or not. I’m not here to argue  about whether this actually happened./nAlrighty it’s now the morning after;  I am so embarrassed with myself and my hubby won’t stop laughing at me. 

Last night hubby & I had our first child free night in over 6 months (thanks for baby sitting grandma) & headed over to a friends place for a bbq & drinks around the bonfire. 

As usual, as the night progresses the conversation turns to the topic of sex & masturbation. One of my girls friends starts talking about using the shower head to... you know 😉

As a 35 year old woman I had literally never thought to use the shower head for any other pleasure than washing my body. Sure, I have toys (I’m no prude) but I had never thought about using an everyday home appliance for my own pleasure down there. 

The night ended and we went home. Smelling of the bonfire I tell hubby I’m having a shower & he says he doesn’t care, he’s going to bed. 

I should admit I was pretty tipsy by the time we got home (we took an Uber in case anyone’s concerned we drove under the influence). 

I’m washing myself  and my hair and the thought hits me. Ok, imma try the shower head... 

Ok feels good but need more pressure.. 

Ok feels better but I could still use more pressure.. 

Ohh ok that’s just right. Yeah that’s the spot... oh YEAH THAT’S THE SPOT!!!!! 

...Screaming: Ahhhhhhhhhhh fuuuuuuuccckkkk! 

Just as I was having a mind blowing orgasm, my leg jerked and gave way. I slid to the left and went crash right into the shower screen, smashing it as I managed to land out of the shower holding myself planking on the toilet. 

Hubby came running in and I’m telling you it was a fucking sight. 

I’m planked from the shower across the toilet (In like a stiff leaning position), glass everywhere, a bit of blood and a shower head just dangling from the wall going at full speed while I’m crying from the pain and laughing from the embarrassment. 

I fucked up y’all. 

It takes hubby a few seconds to compose himself because he thinks this is the funniest shit that’s ever happened. 

I managed only a few cuts to my left arm from basically flying with the glass onto the toilet and a few cuts on my feet. Lucky.

Anyway we went to the ED because I did have a few decent cuts but I only ended up needing 2 stitches in my arm and 3 on the side of my foot from where some glass got stuck. Again, lucky. 

I told the nurse & doctor that I slipped while cleaning the shower. You know, because most people clean their shower at 1am. 

I’ll be telling our landlord the same thing today. 

TL;DR went to town on myself with the shower head, as I orgasmed I slipped and fell through the shower screen and went to the ED for a few stitches.

Edit: changed the TLDR for u/Nemyosel - hope this eases some pain mate

Edit: thanks for reading about my misfortune, for sharing your stories and for having a laugh with (and at) me. Thanks for the awards too. 

To answer the biggest question: I was embarrassed and panicked when I said I was cleaning and slipped rather than just saying I slipped. Stupid I know, but none of us are perfect. 

To all the men jealous of the female clit, just remember you can pee anywhere with ease and we can’t so you’ve got that 😂

To the people who criticized my writing style, my overuse of the word hubby, who think I’m a man, who slid into my DMs just to slut shame me & tell me off- fucking hell just get over it and scroll on by. I’m not responding to anyone who attacks me, it’s pretty sad you’ve got nothing better to do than bring negativity where it’s just not needed. 

I’ve also learnt that the shower head seems to be the most common way for us females to get off and I’ve learnt a lot about how to do it safely so thank you!/nSo this happend 2 days ago and im still cringing.



Recently Ive taken an interest in chess and my school runs an after school chess club for beginners so I thought I'd go along. 

So anyway here I am about to play my first game of chess ever. I sit down at the black pieces and my opponent has the white pieces (I should now mention my opponent was African American). The chess teacher says "first rule of chess, whites go first." 

I think to myself wow that's pretty racist but chess is an old game so maybe they kept the rule out of tradition. 

So I grab a pawn and slide it forward, then I look up expecting my opponent to make his move. Instead I'm met with a look of confusion and horror, I begin to hear laughter from the people watching. 

I then realize my error "oooh you meant the pieces" I murmur. 
The teacher nods. 

Now everyone thinks I'm a massive racist.

TL : DR whites go first in chess refers to the pieces and not the people playing/nYou hear this story millions of times of people unknowingly hooking up with their relatives and finding out about this atrocity in the most awkward ways, and mine was no exception.. even had to create a new account cause it is so embarrassing 

I was talking to this guy on Hinge who had the softest of hazel eyes, and at the time, I thought he was the one. After exchanging a few messages, we decide to go on a date, and one thing lead to another, and we were a couple. We dated for about 5 months, until the horror struck us that we were relatives...

Since we are both in our mid 20s, we were moved away from home and hadn’t had time to meet each other’s parents. Instead of doing the traditional, I’ll bring you over to meet my parents, and I’ll go over to meet yours, we decided for a dinner with both our parents. You can pretty much tell where this story goes now. 

Long story short, we took our families out to a restaurant, and when my father stood up from the table to introduce himself to my boyfriend’s mother, his face turned completely white, as he was looking directly at his cousin(Uncle’s daughter). It took her a second to realize as well. Since my family and his family live on opposite sides of the states, our parents hadn’t seen each other in about 30 years, and it was coincidence that my boyfriend and I moved to the same city. We could tell something was wrong the way our parent looked at each other, and they informed us that we were related. Even though we loved each other, we decided it wasn’t right to do. That was one of the hardest breakups of my life, but it had to be done for the sake of our family. I told my friends that it didn’t work out and silently removed everything from social media..

TLDR; dated a boy from hinge for about 5 months, and discovered he was my cousin after our parents informed us while out to dinner

Edit: Okay, too many comments about if we had sex.... and yes, your imaginations are now filled../nSo last night I went out as I do every Saturday.
When I got there I met up with my friends and started the night with a couple of beers, but ended the night with a bit more than I could handle. After that I went straight home and instantly fell asleep on the couch as I was trying to lay down on it "just to rest for a moment".

I woke up around 5 today and my right arm felt a bit weird. It was cold and I couldn't move it at all.
At first I didn't panic at all because this has happened to me before because I sometimes sleep with my arm under my head. However today I slept with my arm under the side of my body ( I got a little over 100kg/220 lbs) with my back against the back-rest of the couch. After about 20 minutes of relaxing and massaging the arm with little to no signs of improvement I woke up my parents and after I explained my situation, my mom (who is a doctor) suggested we go to the hospital immediately.

During my 2 hour stay at the hospital the arm became significantly better as the time went on.
However my fingers and my wrist (not nearly as much as fingers but it still felt a bit off) movement were problematic. After getting some tests done on the arm nerves (which I hope I never do again) I waited for the results. A little over an hour passes and the doctor came back with the results. 

It appears that I have done damage to a nerve with my hip while I was asleep and will most likely never be able to fully contract my right hand (I'm right handed) fingers . At first the doctor didn't know how I managed to fall asleep in such an uncomfortable position, but after I told him what I have done the night before he told me that it is a common thing, but that it usually doesn't end up this badly.

Now I'm sitting at home writing this one-handed on my phone contemplating life just because of two beers too much.

TL;DR: Drunkenly fell asleep in a bad position and permanently damaged my arm nerves./nSo basically I was in class with one of my friends who takes the same subject, he was super energetic and always wearing semi-formal clothing.

This is in my relaxed electronics class where everyone moves around and is always chatting away. So, it's mufiday and look over at my friend who was leaning over a desk with his ass sticking out, while he was talking to another student. 

So I go up and with a huge wind up, slap his ass so hard that he immediately jumps up, as if he's just jumped out of his own skin. 

You see, the problem with that was that the person I slapped was not actually my friend... but our teacher. 

Everyone is at a stand still, waiting for my death penelty, especially my friend whose just staring my down at this point. Now the teacher's face goes bright red, and I'm starting to freak out thinking I'm doomed. 

Except, the teacher just sits down, looks me in the eyes and says, "Hewy (not my real name but username will do). Save that for after class" with a big grin on his face.

Everyone at this point bursts out laughing as I'm sitting here absolutely shitting my pants thinking I was about to get kicked out of school. 

God, I love my teach hahaha

TL;DR
I was having a good day in class, when I mistakingly slapped my teachers ass and get totally embarrassed by the comment he makes at the end of it./nThis just happened 2 hours ago.


I work for an IT company that services many small/medium businesses. I'm in an office with about 8-10 other technicians. We like playing pranks and any time one of our techs leaves their computer unlocked, we change their background to weird stuff.


I had just got out of a meeting and realized the new guy left his PC unlocked. I sneaked around to his cubicle since he was just on the other side talking to another guy. I quickly pulled up IE and googled "sexy pikachu". Found [the one](http://0.media.collegehumor.cvcdn.com/43/92/289186d67dc19661daf4a44b700f343a.jpg), right clicked, and set as background. Then I went back in to background settings and set it to tile across his screen. Standard stuff.


I quickly sneak back to my computer without being detected and wait for him to sit back down and notice. He notices right away and we have a good laugh about it. Then he says, "Hey, I'm remoted into a client's computer. You changed their background, not mine."


I shit you not, at that very moment, another tech walks up with a goofy ass grin and says, "Hey, I have Jane Doe on the phone. She says someone put something inappropriate on one of her computers and she wants to talk to someone about it." Jane Doe happens to be the main point of contact and decision maker for that particular client. I also believe she's the owner's daughter. At first, we think our coworker is fuckin with us, but he's not. He's just basking in the moment of instant karma. 


I stand there for a good 30 seconds before I say "Ok, send her over to me." I'm a director and I have a working relationship with Jane Doe, so it's really best I talk to her.


I answer the phone. I listen to what she has to say. She had a mixture of confusion and anger in her voice. She attempts to describe what she felt like was an inappropriate background on a new PC and she wants to know what's going on. I tell her that one of our techs tried to prank another tech by changing his background, not realizing they were connected to a client. I apologize for it, I tell her the tech will be reprimanded and that it won't happen again. Thankfully, that was a sufficient enough response and she let it go. I hang up the phone and slap my left hand with my right while calling myself a d-bag.  I've spent the last 2 hours getting my balls busted by my coworkers saying things like "Hey, I'm locking my computer for you" or "Hey, I'm remoted into a client computer, do you want to change the background?"


TL;DR Tried to change coworker's desktop background to Sexy Pikachu, accidentally changed it on a client's PC he was connected to instead. Main point of contact for that client saw the background and immediately called in wanting to talk to a manager. Am manager./nThis just happened and I am still wishing it didn’t.   My  15 year old son and I are home, I’m working on a puzzle and making dinner, he is playing Fortnite.   He disappears for a little while and I go to find him.    I didn’t really need him for anything, just wanted to say ‘hi’ since we had both been doing our own things for most of the day.

I start walking down the hallway towards his room—our house isn’t super big and I knew he was in there.   The lights in both the hallway and his room were off and it was pretty dark in the hall, but I could see the light from his phone and knew he was lying on his bed looking at his phone.

I decided to be funny and flip on the light and flop down on his bed.   He was lying with his back to me, I could tell by where his phone was.   As I am airborne, leaping over him onto the far side of his bed, I see it.   My son’s boner.   As I was flipping on the light, he was rolling towards the door while pulling up his underwear and grabbed a blanket.   It all happened so fast and I was already airborne before I realized what was happening.   I did not see actual flesh, but definitely saw my teenaged son’s boner through his boxer briefs.   

The entire situation was horrifying, for both of us, I’m sure.   I have no idea what he was looking at on his phone, AND I DON’T WANT TO.

At that point, I am still flopped down on his bed.   Both of us are well aware that I just saw him whacking off.    Both of us figuring out how to get the fuck out of there.   I say, ‘Dinner is almost ready.’   (It wasn’t)
He said, ‘Ok, I’ll be out in a minute.’
I said, ‘No hurry.’

Now I’m standing in my kitchen, typing furiously to reddit and wondering how much therapy he’ll need if he ever finds out I posted about this to a bunch of strangers and wondering WHY DON’T BOYS CLOSE THE DOOR WHEN THEY ARE MASTURBATING?  

tl/dr:   Basically the title.     

Edit: spelling.   Dammit, I can’t change the spelling of ‘masturbating’ in the title.   Oh well.   I fixed ‘Fortnite’ though.   

Edit 2:  for those asking:

—I am mom.
—I want to be clear, I have absolutely no issue with him jerking off.   I am a nurse.   I talk to my boys openly about sex, drugs, alcohol, etc.   The horrifying part is that I walked in on him.   That was not ideal.  For either one of us.  
—his door was OPEN.  
—I have obviously learned my lesson and will knock all the way down the hall, send smoke signals, text him, wear bells on my shoes, etc, before I walk into his room, door open or not, from this point forward.   
—he isn’t on any social media.   I am quite confident that his identity is protected.

Edit 3:   For anyone still interested...

THANK YOU (almost) everyone for taking this as it was:  an embarrassing moment which has most definitely taught both my son and I lessons about boundaries and privacy.    

WOW.   I now know what ‘RIP my inbox’ feels like.   I had no idea reddit would be so into my awkward moment.

For those who sent creepy shit to my inbox, just no.

And an update:   There is no weirdness.   We went straight back to the status quo, had dinner and just continued about our night.   I didn’t act weird and neither did he.   /nSo I want to just say this is 100% true and 100% embarrassing. 


So I usually have Monday’s off and spend the day doing homework, tidying up, playing video games, and today... jerking off. I don’t usually feel inclined to do this however today I had the urge. It was about an hour before my girlfriend got home so I definitely had time. I go into my room and get into bed and start skimming thru Ol’ Faithful AKA Pornhub. 

I finally find a video worth B’ing my L to and get down to business. As I’m about to... ya know... I get an alert on my phone that my girlfriend had just accessed the PetCam we have in our room that’s on our dresser. (We got this PetCube camera for Christmas so we can watch our two dogs while we are at work/school/out.) I immediately stop, now knowing that my girlfriend just witnessed me jerking it mid-Monday so I text her “........” . She doesn’t answer for about 2 minutes and then I see that she’s calling me. 

Now we’ve been together 2.5 years so this isn’t like a make or break thing and I honestly thought that although it was slightly embarrassing, it was also pretty funny. So I answer the phone laughing, ready for this to be something we joke about for a long time to come. Unfortunately, I was sadly mistaken to this being “funny”. She tells me that her co-workers had asked about our dogs and she wanted to show them on our awesome PetCam! But instead of two cute dogs on our bed, it was just me with my shorts down at my ankles, going to town on myself! So needless to say I don’t think I’ll be invited to any of her work Christmas parties in the future.

TL;DR : Decided to crank it before my girlfriend got home and forgot my PetCam was faced directly at me. She wanted to show her co-workers our dogs and instead showed them me jerking it in our bed.

Edit: lmao just some clarification... she’s shown coworkers before because they love our dogs and ask to see them because it’s “cute” to see them live and sleeping. Also, in her defense, I told her I was doing homework and what not so the last thing to cross her mind was me yankin it probably. Also the cam is tucked in the corner so I forget it’s even there most the time. (B’ing my L = blowing my load)

Edit 2 (last one) : for everyone saying “why would you have a PetCam facing your bed?” That’s where our dogs are 90% of the time. When we are out of the house, that’s where we leave them. When we are home, that’s mostly where they want to be unless we’re on the couch with them. Don’t you think we put the camera there..... for a reason? Lol and btw, my gf and I are fine! She was freaked out about it at first but now it’s already funny. That’s why I love her so much lol so take it easy on her, we both fucked up!


LAST AND FINAL EDIT:

Not that i need to prove anything but this is for people asking to see them. (It’s a Great Dane and Am-Staff btw)

[My dogs](https://imgur.com/a/qk8tCRH)/nThis actually happened some time ago but thinking about it is still quite painful.. I was in uni and made friend with this really cute girl in my senior year at an event. We got on well and I was really thinking about asking her out, but since this happened quite close to graduation and she might be going back to her home country I decided to keep in all inside and not doing anything. I thought that asking her to stay just 3 months after us knowing each other is too big of a favor to ask, so I kept it strictly friend between us so that out farewell would not be too painful.

In the graduation she decided to give me a gift of homemade chocolate in a very nice box that she made herself. It was all a blur but I kinda recalled her asking me to open it at home and let her know what I think. Well it was a very emotional moment for me and it is kinda her farewell gift to me so idiot me decided NOT to open it and kept it in the fridge (it was a very nice box that she made herself too so that is another reason). We met again after a few days at her farewell party, there were some emotional moment but I was prepared and considered that was it.

The box stayed in my fridge for I dont know how long, maybe 1.5-2 years? She went home and after a year dated somebody else and got married, and I also met somebody else. One day I was cleaning the fridge and saw the box again and decided that maybe it is time to throw it away. Chocolate has probably gone bad but curiously I still decided to open it, and my heart shrunk then I saw a full page note from her. She basically poured her heart out and said how much feeling she had for me, and wondering if something could happened between us.

I just felt so bad afterwards but decided to just keep it to myself. I probably looked like an asshole for how I acted when I last saw her, but she seems very much happy now and so am I..

TL;DR: Got a gift from a girl I really liked but decided not to open it after 1.5 years, totally ignoring her note for me hidden inside./nThrowaway because I don't want this to be on my main account:


Obbligatory "This didn't happen today but happened last week yadda yadda yadda"

Also please forgive my spelling mistakes because I'm in the hospital and writing this on mobile out of boredom of there being not much to do here.

So, last week I was driving casually on the country road close to my house on holiday back home for the summer after my second year of college. I wasn't paying too much attention (I assume some responsibility) and wasn't wearing a seat belt. Yes I'm an idiot I know lesson learned. WEAR YOUR SEAT BELTS KIDS! Anyway, it was just starting to rain and I saw a KID ABOUT TO GO INTO THE ROAD. For the life of me I still don't know why he thought it would he a good idea to go onto a quite highly trafficked country road so casually, but eh life is full of surprises. I was caught completely off guard and swerved into the opposing lane to avoid him, and promptly got hit head on by the car coming towards me.

Now, I was going quite fast and as I said, did not have a seat belt on. Next thing I knew I was out of my car and couldn't feel anything anymore. No pain, no panic, nothing. I just saw blood and felt the biggest adrenaline rush I've ever had in my life. I just laid there, not knowing what to do. I heard voices come towards me but didn't really know what they were saying, and couldn't really respond. I thought I was going to die. There was a lot of blood.

You know how they say your life flashes before your eyes when you're about to die? Well that didn't quite happen but I did start thinking about who I care about and who I love. Here's where I tell you about my best friend. A girl I've been in love with for around two years, I never let her know and never intended too. She is in a happy relationship she's had since her teens and I didn't want to ruin it, and if she's happy I'm happy. There's no point meddling in things bigger than you and some things aren't meant to be. But I thought I was literally dying, and all I could think about was her in those moments. The pain was starting to kick in but I was just thinking about how she'd never know how much I loved her.

I realised my phone was still in my pocket, and with all the force I could muster I took it out. It was intact and it felt like it took ages but the only message I could sent was an "I love you" to her. I thought that would be the last message I'd ever send.

I don't remember much after that. Days have been a blur. I've had quite a few operations, AKI due to trauma and a ruptured spleen. But my legs are starting to work again and my face looks like I got in a fight with a lion but it's slowly improving! All I do is sleep and appreciate the fact I'm alive. The other driver and the kid were okay btw.
Anyway, as you can see, I did indeed live and didn't die (so far), but I can't undo that message I sent. I've been in a lot of pain this past week, and haven't had the energy to confront the situation. I told her about the accident, and what happened, and we talked briefly but mainly about my lovely hospital experience. Earlier today she sent me a message telling me we have to talk about that message. I haven't replied yet and I don't want to. I don't know what to do. So far I've been writing this TIFU as procrastination and then after this I plan on taking a long nap. Thank you all for your attention, nap time calls me.



TLDR: Got in a car accident and while I was bleeding out I told my crush best friend I love her. She's in a 10 year relationship and I haven't talked to her about it since and it's destroying me.



EDIT: GOD GUYS THIS BLEW UP SO MUCH!!! I only wrote this to procrastinate the inevitable conversation you guys are amazing jeez thanks for all the advice and support!!

So I spoke to her... Over the phone because we're college friends and she lives far away right now. I decided that the best thing I could do at this point was just tell her the truth. I didn't expect anything and I didn't want anything to come out of it, but I just thought that to have a pure and true friendship everything needs to be out there or it just wouldn't be legitimate. I would love to tell you guys an amazing fairytail story that would give you guys all hope for the future and whatnot, but I guess life is just different from movies...

I told her how I felt in pretty much the same words as in this post. But I also added, and it's true, that I've gotten to know her boyfriend for the past few years and he's great. I don't want to hurt him or interfere as much as I want her happy. I think she understood where I came from and the circumstances in which those words were said. I hope nothing will change with her because I love spending time with her and neither of us can immagine life without eachother anymore, we both admitted that. So I guess I just have to give you the boring response... But it's reality so sorry if it sucks... Im okay with though, I really didn't expect anything and still kind of think I was being selfish. We talked about a lot of other things like we normally do for a couple of hours after that and she might be coming to visit me in the hospital this weekend! She said she'll try and make the trip, even though I told her not to because it's gonna be extremely expensive for her last minute... She was really flattered though I think and almost cried thinking she was the last thing I thought about when I thought I was going to die/n***Background***

I am a very passionate writer. I *had* an account that was just for writing prompts. Every week I would go to that sub and write long detailed stories.  

***Story Time***

Last year, on r/WritingPrompts, someone gave a prompt idea that revolved around a student who one day became rich. I forget the full details, but it intrigued me and I wrote a 6-PAGE STORY about it. Anyways, that post didn't gain any traction (which sucked), but I still had a 6-page short story just sitting on that Reddit post.

**^((It was on a different account, which is no longer alive))**

***Present*** 

So a few weeks ago, my writing class professor gave the class an assignment that was literally about the same idea. So I was like, okay sweet I don't need to spend any time on this project. I went over to that account, copied the text, put it into a word document and submitted. To be sure I don't get into any trouble, I delete the account, forgetting that it wouldn't delete all my comments. 

Yesterday, I get an email from the Professor saying I need to meet with the Dean immediately. At this point, I am shitting my pants. She told me that I stole someone else's work and I could be withdrawn from my program. I try to explain but I have no proof that it was my work because I no longer live at home and I wrote it on an old laptop. I have a meeting with the head of the University later today. I am so fucking scared. I am currently driving home to find that fucker.  

&#x200B;

TL;DR: I copied and pasted my own work from my own Reddit post, which caused my assignment to show up as plagiarized. Could be withdrawn from my program


Edit 1: [17:00] I found my original work. Took me an hour of going through files on a slow laptop. Travelling back now, meeting is in 3 hours. I’m okay with taking a zero, obviously, I just hope they can reason. 

Also, I can’t show the Reddit emails because I never had a real email for the account. 

Edit 2: SUCCESS! I brought my old laptop to the University principal and provided proof that I was the one to write the story. They were skeptical, but the dates matched up with what I told them before. They asked me why I did this and asked me to tell them why it was not okay to do this. I told them it was a lack of understanding and apologized. 

*Results*

I am not kicked out, and I am actually given another chance at the project. My professor told me he actually enjoyed the story lol. 


Thanks everyone who supported me through this! I won’t do this again. I’m sorry. 


Also, thanks u/SQUID_FUCKER for the suggestion

> Just read all the edits.  You know what you should do, is incorporate all this into the story.  If the idea is about a student getting rich all of a sudden, write a story about a student who plagiarizes a story for a writing assignment and it takes off and gets published and he becomes insanely wealthy off of it but the guilt over who the original author drives him mad.


Maybe this will be the plot of the new story. /nSo it was rather cold today and I put some nice, thick wool socks on my 4 year old son.  After running around a bit today, he came and gave me a hug.... Zaaap.  

I explained to him that he’s got to pick up his feet because dragging them on the carpet will build up a “shock”.  My son looks at me and says “Like Pikachu?”

A bit of background.  A few months ago I discovered that Disney Now has the full run of all Pokemon episodes.  Like 20+ seasons, each of over 40 episodes.  My son and I have slowly been working our way through them, like 3-4 episodes per week.  My wife and I decided to get a Switch as a family gift for Christmas, along with Let’s Go Pikachu.  For my son’s birthday a few weeks ago, we got him a Pikachu plushie as that would fit in well.  

So a bit after my talk to my son about static electricity, he goes to his room and grabs his Pikachu plushie.  Drags his feet all the way to the office where my wife is playing Frostpunk and says “Donder Shok!!” while zotting her with a nice snappy static shock.  

As he runs away, clutching his plushie, all I can say to my wife was “I think Pikachu’s been teaching him some tricks”.  She was not amused.  



TL;DR - Pikachu taught my son Thunder Shock.  My wife is not happy about this development.  


Edit:  My first gold!  Thank you kind stranger!

Edit 2:  I know this may be more cute than traditionally TIFU, but I’m rather singed at the moment and the wife wasn’t too pleased at the time.   I know she’ll be laughing about it in a day or two with the rest of us (I hope). 

Edit 3:  My first platinum!  Thank you my friend.  /nSo this happened about eight years ago in the sixth grade. Now, if you remember sixth grade, you know that trends fly in and out of style every other week. And just before Sillybands took over as chief Tween Pimp Currency, the big thing at my school was a trend we dubbed "locker artillery". Basically, we gathered all the supplies we could from anywhere in the classrooms, and created small projectile weapons from what we scavenged. We would use these weapons to lob erasers, spitballs, and Paper Hornets at ourselves and unsuspecting teachers.

Eventually, things got out of hand. It became a grade-wide arms race to create the ultimate launching machine. Heists were performed on teacher's desks. Books were destroyed and scrapped for ammunition. Students presented welts from Paper Hornets with the same pride one would display a hickey from a cheerleader. Rubber bands were contraband. It was a full-on Mad Max Magic School Bus adventure.

Here's where the fuckup started. One night, I was sitting on my bed, tinkering with various supplies, when it finally hit me: The secret is not the launcher, but the ammo. Spitballs were too light, hornets were too restricting, and erasers were inaccurate. I needed something aerodynamic. So, my sociopath eleven-year-old brain decided that the inkwell of a pen would do nicely. "I'll cover the tip with an eraser, what could go wrong?" I thought to myself.

Let me tell you.

The next day, I created the ultimate cannon, utilizing no less than seven rubber bands, a pen barrel, two springs, and a binder clip for a trigger. With the inkwell loaded, I felt like a small, sexually frustrated MacGyver with intent to kill. On the bus, my friend (let's call him Neo) was extremely interested in my device, and asked for a demonstration. I obliged, and fit the eraser to the end of the ammo. Neo opened the bus window, and told me to aim outside the window and hit the school wall (we were still parked at the school at this time). I aimed, pulled back and fired. All I saw was the eraser flying off the inkwell before I heard an extremely sudden *crack*. I looked forward, and there was a hole in the double-pane window of the bus, only an inch or two from Neo's head.

My parents had to pay for the window. Neo's parents didn't let me over to his house until Senior Year. The principal cracked down on Locker Artillery and suspended anyone (including myself for three days) who dare use a pen for anything other than writing. 

But I still won that arms race.

TL;DR: Sixth Grade was obsessed with launching spitballs and erasers at each other. I upgraded the ammo and nearly killed my friend and broke a window with a pen inkwell. I was suspended and my friend's parents don't like me anymore.

EDIT: RIP Inbox. Thank you for the gold, kind stranger!

UPDATE: Here's the tutorial for the device: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fAoq7xMcMsQ&feature=youtu.be/nThrowaway account for obvious reasons. This just happened a few minutes ago. I was laying on my couch and my cat decided to jump up and lay on my chest as he often does. I had just eaten lunch, which was a chicken salad sandwich, so naturally my cat was intrigued by the smell and wanted to get a good whiff. He was sniffing around my face heavily, almost comically. I was feeling pretty generous at that time so I got the brilliant idea to open my mouth really wide to let him enjoy, but also because I was curious how far he would venture in. You know, normal pet owner stuff. He got his head about halfway in when suddenly he decided to let out a violent and very wet sneeze right into my mouth. I'm fucking disgusted, and the weekend has been ruined before it even started. 

TL;DR: My cat sneezed directly in my mouth./nThis happened a few hours ago in a busy buffet restaurant in a hotel in Austria.

Being a buffet restaurant, people were pretty much always wandering from table to food and back again, so there was a constant steam of mainly Austrian and German people passing our table. We’ve been here a few days, you start to recognise people and my two young sons have made a few friends.

I was joking with the kids  that I’d left their Nintendo Switch at home, they suspected I was joking but went along with it anyway. So when I told them I had brought it they wanted to check.

“I brought it,” I said 

“Our Switch?”

“Yes, Our Switch”

“What?!! OUR Switch?!”

“Yes!! OUR Switch!!”

They got louder and we started just repeating it, laughing. I noticed my wife frowning at me, or past me, it didn’t really register.

“OUR SWITCH?”

“OUR SWITCH! Ha!”

Then my wife really started signalling to me to shut up - I was like “it’s ok... it’s a buffet”

“OUR SWITCH! Ha!”

“OUR SWITCH!”

Then my wife leaned in and urgently whispered “it sounds like you are all shouting Auschwitz”

My whole body went cold with the realisation.

Needless to say I immediately stopped, placed my hand on my eldest son’s knee and he - seeing the look on my face-  stopped straight away - the 3 year old did one final shout before I could stop him... 

I have avoided eye contact with all other hotel guests since. 

TLDR: Shouted “Auschwitz” loudly, happily, repeatedly,  in a restaurant full of Germans and Austrians. I’m really sorry.

EDIT: thank you for the gold and silver kind strangers! My first. To those calling BS: I wish it was. To the genial Germans and Austrians assuring me of the reduced risk of horror due to pronunciation, sincere thanks - I will sleep better tonight because of you. And for the few offended at us shouting in a buffet: it’s a kinderhotel. Kind of like if Michael Bay did buffets.

EDIT2: just to all my salty comrades telling me I’m a “scum cunt”, that my kids will grow up to assholes because we were loud. I fucking love you Reddit! I’m reassured that you are all so considerate when it comes to noise in public spaces. You wouldn’t like this restaurant ... stone walls, stone floors, a hotel designed for kids. It’s like a school playground where they’ve all been given metal objects to smash together but louder. Our risky exchange was lost in the cacophony to anyone who wasn’t walking past our table../nSo this just happened. Back story i had a GF of 6 years i was going to propose to, and as not necessarily superstitious i will not "recycle" an engagment ring even tho it cost what it did. I thought it was stolen or lost. It had been missing for close to 3 years. 

So what happened. In the proccess of rearranging my kitchen i decided to consolidate a few boxes of the same product (lipton tea) i had several boxes and was going to put them all into one. Simple enough i thought. 

Now with my new girl friend standing to my right i open the first box and holly mother of fucking pearl it cant be, but it is the ring box. This is where my thinking was holly shit i just found that ring, no way... hey babe check this out just found that ring i lost. Not really thinking a lot about it i open the box and turn to her. 

Seemed pretty simple i found a lost ring, hey look what i found.

And thats when she made a really awkward face started shaking and runs out of the room basicly saying no fucking way Oh My God no fucking way. At this point im like wtf was that about. When i walk around the corner to check whats wrong shes almost crying saying really too soon, not yet at least.

LIGHT BULB she thought i was proposing to her ( in what may be one of the strangest ways possible) but never the less she saw a ring being held out to her and freaked the fuck out. 

Hour latter trying to explain i wasent and it was a lost ring i had literally just found she and i are laughing our asses off.

Good to know it wasent a flat out no!


TL;DR found a lost ring had bad timing GF thought i was propossing heart fell to floor hilarity insued.

Update: texting with no thumb trying to keep up. Also i have learned how to spell wasn't!

Nsfw thumb

Update 2: went for a walk with her after this happened and cut the side of my thumb off using  knife that happens to be very sharp!  Was trying to post a link not have reddit auto show image so removed, my bad./nSo after five months of doing this shit I realized today that this has been happening.

Before this happened I was unaware incognito mode on Chrome was a thing. Because of this every time I would go to a certain NSFW website I would type the link into a Discord (basically the new Skype) direct message to my friend that lives across the country. I only send the links to him while it said he is offline. I did this so my Chrome wouldn't save the keystrokes of whatever website I decided to visit that day and show up in the predictive search. I would then click on the link of the website through Discord and delete the message. Little did I know that my friend has Discord notifications that show up on his phone for whenever he receives a message. He basically had an alert for every time I masturbated.

So after I had been doing this for a while he finally decides to ask me why he receives all of these NSFW links in the middle of the day. I start laughing out of embarrassment because of these notifications he's been receiving. I told him about the whole process I go through just to get to a website. After that he proceeds to laugh for a good few minutes and tell me about incognito mode on Chrome as my embarrassment keeps rising. After more laughing we moved on.  

I'm glad to know about incognito mode though I will probably keep doing it has I have been because I'm used to it and it's a great inside joke.   


TL;DR: I have been sending NSFW links to my friend on Discord for the past five months while he isn't online to avoid predictive search. He has Discord notifications enabled on his phone therefore giving him an alert every time I masturbate ./nThis happened earlier today. So I was in class listening to a lecture and it dawned on me that I couldn't care less about what my professor was talking about. So I decided to start holding my breath. Now, this is something I normally do if I get really bored. I'll hold my breath for as long as I can and then I'll rest for 3 minutes. I'll do 5 sets of that. I also make sure to pinch my nose as to avoid cheating. I've actually gotten pretty good at it and can hold my breath for 2 minutes and 15 seconds now. Anyways, I start holding my breath and I'm feeling particularly good and I start thinking I can break my record today. I got to about 2 minutes and 20 seconds on my first attempt and then I decide to drop out. "I can do better, let's go for 2 minutes and 50 seconds". So I go and I'm feeling super confident about it. I get to 2 minutes 20 sec and I'm feeling a little light headed. Get to 2 min and 30 seconds and I'm struggling. Like I'm thrashing around silently in my chair, but I'm going for gold. Get to 2 minutes 40 and I'm seriously hurting. Things are getting bad. I close my eyes to avoid looking at my watch (It also made the seconds go faster) All of a sudden I open my eyes and I'm looking up at the ceiling and everyone is flipping out. As I learned from the girl sitting next to me, it turns out my maximum effort resulted into me passing out, smashing my head on my desk, and falling out of my chair. I spent the next 10 minutes trying to explain to everyone that I was fine. Lecture finally resumed and I just sat there feeling like a dumbass with a gnarly headache. Lecture still sucked after that. 

TL;DR Tried going for Olympic gold in breath holding. Failed and ended up spread eagle in our lecture hall. 

EDIT: A word 

/nLike all good TIFUs, this didn’t happen yesterday.

My wife and I went to one of our favorite restaurants in town a couple weeks ago.  It’s just a bar and grill on the lake shore where you can sit outside right next to the water.  Whenever the weather is nice, we love sitting out there and enjoying a couple beers with dinner.

One of our favorite parts about sitting out there is the wildlife.  From our spot, you can look into the water and see fish swimming around and ducks love hanging out there.  I assume people toss fries or whatever for the ducks, so they made this area an official hangout.

On this particular evening, my wife and I were the only ones eating outside and we saw a pair of ducks (a drake and a hen) swimming offshore.  I thought it would be fun to pull up YouTube and make duck noises.  I found a video that had a couple different duck calls, so I started playing it.  Lo and behold, the ducks responded.  At first they started by making the call back to me, but gradually, they moved closer and closer.  They ended up on-shore and only a few feet away.  It was a pretty fun experience.  That is, until it got out of hand.

Apparently my phone was loud enough for other ducks to hear, because another drake swooped in.  This other drake had no interest in me, however.  He immediately went for the hen.  This led to a fight between the two drakes.  They started yelling (quacking) at each other and eventually flew off and chased each other around the lake with the hen following them.  Unfortunately, the original drake did not win the mating fight and the new drake flew off with the hen.

My wife and I stared at each other in disbelief as this whole thing played out.  She still jokingly calls me a home-wrecker, and I suppose that’s fair.

I’m not really super torn up about it.  In fact, I find the whole situation kind of amusing.  I thought this more light-hearted TIFU belonged here.

TL;DR:  Went to dinner and played duck calls.  Called in another drake and ruined a family.

Edit:  Dang, my first gold!  I feel weird taking this blood money, but thanks anyway!/nThis actually happened yesterday but I couldn't get a chance to post it.  

I'm a pretty "basic" white girl. I'm 21, I like Starbucks, I wear leather leggings and hoodies, I'm blonde, I have a part time job as a secretary-- so it was not surprising that the guy I'm sorta dating didn't believe me when I told him I've been kickboxing for the better part of a decade. Instead of going to the gym and jogging, kickboxing has been a way for me to be active and stay fit. It kinda pissed me off he thought I'm making it up to look cool in front of him because he's been trying to get into kickboxing-- so I figured, why not have like a fun date at the gym he's been going and kick the heavy bags and have fun.  

He kinda laughed at the idea but I made him accept.  

We got to the gym, I met his gym friends, his coach and so far it was going good. The dumbass jokingly said we should spar and that he'd go easy on me-- told me with sparring gear it wouldn't hurt and it'd be fun. There was no way I'm saying no to that. My plan was show him that experience matters and make him believe me that I've really been doing this for a looooooong time-- but no, the asshole didn't put on any protective gear. I got mad.  

We begin. He's laughing, his friends are laughing and cheering for me like I'm some kid-- and I'm just getting more and more pissed off by the minute. The cheering was the boiling point. As soon as my date got close enough, out of nowhere I decided to head kick him with everything I had. I literally grunted as I kicked him. In the ten or so years I've been kickboxing I don't think I've EVER kicked anyone that hard. He was out cold before he even hit the ground. 

Needless to say, when he came to his senses he had no choice but to accept that I've actually been kickboxing for quite some time-- I also invited him over at my place tonight and plan to make him dinner to apologize for the KO.  

Surprisingly, he doesn't hate me and laughed it off-- and accepted the dinner invite which is a win in my book. 

tl;dr: My date didn't believe me I've been kickboxing for quite a long time and asked me to spar. I head kicked him and knocked him out cold.

&#x200B;

Edit; This kinda blew up and I can't reply to everyone! I know what I did is fucked up and bad and I realize how bad it'd look if the genders were reversed. I didn't post this to gloat and brag nor do I think he had it coming-- I thought this sub is about fuck ups- this was a fuck up on my part. I didn't realize this would offend so many people.

Edit 2; Guys, I can't stress this enough- I posted this because I fucked up. He's fine and his coach took him to the hospital. I'm really sorry if this came out as me bragging, it's on me for writing it up like this. I hope someone reads the edits because I can't reply to every individual comment./nThis happened in the Oughties. TL/DR below.

My (relatively small) HS held an unexpected Live Active Shooter drill.  It was the first time they had ever done this. I don't know who developed this genius procedure. It actually makes no sense because of how they initiated it.

We had once previously practiced what to do in this event maybe a week prior, kind of casually. The teachers were aware of the timing of this drill but didn't tell us because... The trauma would help us react better? No idea. In fact, I remember our teacher (and likely all others) calling in at one point probably to check in that everybody was accounted for.

However, it so happened that I was kicked out of class just prior to the announcement. My teacher was pretty flustered after minutes of me being a clown, and just yelled at me to get out - but he was super frantic about me getting to the office immediately. Now I understand why. (His mistake, but I played my part soon after)

On my way to the office (I was taking my time of course) the lights went out as though a main breaker were flipped, just the way they all went out immediately. Emergency exit lights came on, and the principal came over the intercom telling all teachers some code phrase which basically initiated the lock-up/lights-out/cower-in-the-corner procedure. I was truly in a WTF state.

Here's where I F-up. Now I am the only dummy walking the hallways. Given the layout of this building, when I tell you it was dark, I mean "you could hardly see your own hand" dark - even with the small distant exit emergency light down the hall. And it was completely silent now. It all happened in a matter of seconds. I can't say I was scared necessarily because we all knew that there'd likely be a live drill at some point. Still, given my aversion to our principal since I was in trouble a lot, and not knowing what to do, I just ran following the wall with my hand back to my class and started banging on the door. I assumed my teacher knew what was happening and I didn't want to be in more trouble so I just yelled

**"HEY LET ME IN!!"**

The entire class of 20 kids in the dark instantly screamed at the top of their lungs, which then caused the adjacent classroom who was also in complete darkness (no windows on this side of the building), to also start screaming and panicking. This coalescence of fear became so loud that nobody knew what the hell was happening and the teachers were of course required to keep the doors shut no matter what, nor were they supposed to communicate with anyone outside their door till given an all clear as far as I recall.  (Again, this was not a well thought-out plan).

Now of course, my teacher must have called the office - but the message wasn't relayed properly and I'll never know what he told them - because somebody came around the corner and in the loudest voice I had heard in my life said

**"GET ON THE GROUND!!!"**

There was a police officer visiting the school to oversee the drill! So whether he was taking the opportunity to do his part in acting or really thought I somehow picked the worse possible day to commit mass murder, I don't know. He did not have his gun drawn, just his flashlight. He grabbed me up and took me to the office.

The rest was a huge blur but essentially I was not punished for THAT, but I got extra shit for my classroom behavior given the context. There was an assembly held the same day where we were all apologized to for not running this drill knowingly first. Parents were pissed, it was a whole thing.

&#x200B;

TL/DR: Became unaccounted for just as an Active School Shooter Drill was initiated, ran around and scared the life out of roughly 50 people.

Edit: spelling/nIn 5th grade, I had a black history month project where I had to make a presentation on a person of my choice. I looked up ‘important African Americans’ and found a Wikipedia page with a list of famous black people, or so I thought. I chose Allan McLeod Cormack, a South-African American scientist, seeing that he invented the CT scan. I put my blood sweat and tears into that project. Two days before the project was due I decided to put a picture of Cormack on my poster. To my confusion, all I could find was a picture of this white guy. Turns out, he was a white South African. I made the mistake of telling my teacher instead of keeping it a secret, thinking that it would be better to come clean. She let me go through with the presentation portion of the project, but I had to completely start over on my research and redo the write-up on someone actually worthy of black history month. 

TL;DR I did my black history project on a white guy and didn’t realize until the day before it was due, resulting in me having to redo my work.

Edit: Though Cormack was born in South Africa, he became a US citizen early in his career. That's why he was on the list of African Americans./nThis did happen today. My grandmother is really superstitious about stuff. She doesn't eat certain kinds of food on certain days of the week and other such things. One of her main superstitions revolves around the layout of the house. She says that no one should sleep with their heads pointing north. So she keeps changing the position of my bed when I am away for work. When I come back, I reposition it my way so that I don't get sunlight on my face early morning. 
Today, she was repositioning the room while I was there which annoyed me. So I took out my phone and opened the compass app to show her that I was not sleeping with my head pointing north at all. Infact I was pointing east . I instantly realised that she has been sleeping with her bed pointing north. And she has been sleeping on that bed for around 30 years. I pointed it out to her. I thought she would take it lightly. Oh man I was wrong. I fucked up biig time. She lost herself. She started pulling out the blueprint of the house and her old compass. I am looking at her old compass right now and I can say it doesn't seem right at all. I think I will have to fix this issue today itself. She is 90 and quiet hard to talk to cause her hearing isn't great. How stupid am I. 

TL;DR : I fucked up by showing my grandmother that she was sleeping with her bed pointing north which she is strictly against cause of her superstitious beliefs. She did not take it well . 

Edit 1: a lot of you are asking me how she moves furniture at the age of 90. Well she doesnt do it herself, she has a helper who is supposed to take care of her personally but my grandmother doesn't like the idea of employing someone particularly for her so she gives her household chores to keep her busy.
Edit 2: yes the caregiver gets paid extra for this. We tell her not to do the chores  and I assure you it's not that regular. /nThrowaway, because I don't want to become a notorious couch fucker on reddit.

This happened last week on Saturday, because Saturday and Sunday is my father's custody time for me. Saturday is also my dad's day off from his steel delivery job, but it all started when my dad got "called into work" for a few hours because some guy had called off sick and he had to fill for him.

This made me think about all the possible (private) things I could do to anything around the house. Then I saw; **the $700 LEATHER COUCH**. I executed my plan. 
Materials needed: Dish soap, a couch, and rags

I started with the dish soap, applying it to the creases within the leather couch. Then, I put rags under the area of attack to prevent drippage. Then, the couch bestiality commenced. Lemme tell ya, it was pretty fuckin good for the about amount of virgin I am, and there was no turning back. 

Another detail about my dad getting called into work is that I was inside the couch about 2-3 hours after he left. On a usual workday, he gets off at 3:30, but arrives home at 4. 

Not today

He left at 9:30 am for work, and I was doing the dirty at like 12 pm, which I felt was an appropriate time because he supposedly wasn't supposed to come home for another 3-4 hours. Then it **happened**. The couch is about 10 feet from the front door, and within eyesight

[here](https://imgur.com/wi2nz1Q) is a very crude drawing of the living room.

I heard the deadbolt jiggling and my heart went down my throat. The knob turns, and the door opens to reveal a butt ass naked me, balls deep in his very expensive and luxury couch. He gave me a stare that could kill 20 men and mouthed the words "what the fuck are you doing". I couldn't decide what to do, so I just put my clothes on and started cleaning right there with the rags I stuffed in the couch, while saying very quietly "sorry^sorry^sorry". He walked back out but before he shut the door, he said "don't clean that; im throwing it away, now.". The rest of the day was extremely awkward: couch behind us while we sat on table chairs, while we watched tv and not saying anything to each other.

TL;DR: Fucked my dads couch with some soap and he came home earlier than expected 

EDIT: Typo

EDIT NO.2: HOLY SHIT YALL BLEW THIS UP.
I really, really, REALLY appreciate the gold; regardless if this is a throwaway or not. My couch fucking earned me a dollar and I'm proud!/nobligatory "this happened a couple weeks ago"

So me (21m) and my best friend (22m) have been best friends since high school. We're from the same town, and went to high school together, but ended up going to different colleges. Anyways, I'm super close with his entire family to the point of when summers come around, I end up spending entire days over at his house, sometimes when no one's there. His family counts me as part of their own family.

So his sister (24f) posted a story on instagram about her texting her boyfriend (23m) asking for help with a word puzzle. It was one of those "even when I'm sick and can't hang out, I still need help with word puzzles" things. Classic couple. Well I take it on myself to figure out the puzzle. So I swipe up and I'm thinking of what it could be, when I realize the letters could spell out "nudes." Eventually, I send it off as "nudes? lol" and put my phone away, thinking she'll realize what I mean and maybe she'll also be glad for the help.

A few minutes later, I get a message from an old coworker of mine (26f) that says "oh my!!" I think to myself, "well that's weird, I haven't talked to her in forever" so I open up Instagram. Turns out, while I had been sitting and trying to figure out the puzzle, Instagram had cycled through to the next person's story, which belonged to my former coworker who just so happened to have posted a picture of her 3yo son. My heart immediately sunk. I realized my mistake, and went straight into panic mode, showing screenshots of my best friend's sister's story and the like. She said she understood, but at the very best she figures that I was asking someone else for nudes and made up an elaborate story to cover up.

TL;DR Was trying to help a friend with a puzzle on instagram and thought the answer was "nudes" so I accidentally sent "nudes? lol" to a former coworker who had posted a picture of her 3yo son.

Edit: thank you for my first silver!

Edit: and gold!! Thank you/nI guess this is three decades in the making but I only discovered it Saturday, so it feels like a very fresh FU.

This weekend I was eating a sandwich with some extra sharp parmigiano-reggiano cheese flakes on it and I made the comment over voice chat with my friends that it was so good but so sharp it was tearing up my mouth. I had a momentary pause before a chorus of puzzled friends chimed in at the same time to ask me to elaborate.

"You know, it's extra sharp. It really cuts and burns my gums and the roof of my mouth."

And that's when my friends informed me that none of them have this reaction, and futhermore, *no one* has this reaction. I hear several keyboards going at once with people having alt-tabbed to google around and our best webmd-style guess is that I have an allergic reaction to some histamines common in sharp cheeses, and that I've had this reaction for *thirty years*, and that I always assumed *everyone* had it. 

"What the hell do you mean when you call it a *sharp* cheese if THAT'S not what you're talking about?!"

I figured the mild-sharp spectrum for cheeses was like the mild-hot spectrum for spicy foods. I love spicy foods. I love sharp cheeses. I thought they were the same kind of thing where they were supposed to hurt you a little bit. Apparently "sharp" just means "flavorful" or "tangy."

TL;DR: I have an allergy to some cheese protein and for 30 years I've been thinking that sharp cheese is supposed to sting./nPoilce don't seem super well liked on reddit but what the hell. This happened a few weeks ago.

I woke up one morning at 5:00 A.M. tired as fuck. I put my uniform, checked my gear, kissed my sleeping wife, and slowly walked to my patrol car parked in front of my apartment building, probably looking like a stereotypical zombie in a police uniform that you might see on TV or in a video game.

I started my normal routine: Got in the car, turned on the radar, checked on duty, and started playing music from the best "prepare for a police shift" album of all time: "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim OST". Now for my 15 minute commute to the city.

My vehicle was getting low on gas so I stopped at my favorite gas station to fill up, and went inside for my daily breakfast burrito. I went in, put my Sausage, Egg, and Cheese burrito in a paper tray, and grabbed all the needed hot sauces. Then I grabbed a cup and filled it with water, just like I do as the beginning of every shift. After this, still in zombie mode, and went back to my patrol vehicle with the goodies and continued on with my day.

At about noon, I get a call from my Sergeant, who simply said "I need to talk to you at the department."

Oblivious as to why he would need to talk to me, I began heading to the police department. Millions of thoughts rushed through my head, all wondering what he would want to discuss with me. Upon my arrival, I was directed to my Lieutenant's office. When I walked in, I heard a stern, "Close the door". At this point I knew this wasn't good. I sat down, disturbed as fuck, being stared down by my Corporal. Sergeant, and Lieutenant.

After a preface from my Sergeant, he says, "Tell me everything that happened this morning, especially at the gas station.

I didn't say anything, just sat there and thought about it again. "Aaawww.......shit. I forgot to pay for my burrito." Then I just heard "Guess what, that's theft."

After a "Come to Jesus" moment with my superiors, I left, went straight to the gas station, and paid for my burrito. They didn't want to press charges.

Although nothing really came of this incident, the shitty part of this is I can't go back and fix what that looked like to the other customers. All they saw was what looked like an entitled cop not paying for a burrito. 

On a lighter tone, Now other officers have nicknamed me "The Burrito Burglar" and jokingly ask for tips on how to steal stuff when I see them.

Tl;dr: I'm a police officer. Walked into a gas station I go into every morning and, being in "autopilot" mode, I walked out with the same burrito I get every morning, and forgot to pay for it./nI had 4 years of ROTC in high school and 2 Semesters of American History. (2 separate teachers) So, not a history major, but I have absorbed a lot of material on the Civil War. And I realized today that it was horseshit and I got hoodwinked.

Before that, like most people, when someone asked me why the Civil War happened, my answer would have been "slavery". And that definitely was an issue. But my teachers presented it as thought it was not the forefront issue. They gave me a lot of info--what the economy was like and what other industries aside from slavery were doing, how industry was just taking off in the North, what Europe was doing and why that was important, etc. --There was a lot. And it made sense, because I found it very believable that politicians and businessmen were doing underhanded shit and trying to hide it behind or around the slavery issue. So they essentially presented me with the idea that slavery was not the main reason for the civil war, it was business. Again, super plausible. This was all being presented with an attitude of "Now let me tell you what REALLY happened". 

Im SIX semesters of this shit, no one had even mentioned the Declarations of Secession, the actual physical documents the states wrote when they left. I had no idea they existed. I read them all today, and holy shit that stuff reads like a dystopian nightmare. They were ALL about slavery and how it was "the greatest institution ever conceived" and that it had to be protected. There's no way this wasn't THE forefront issue, after reading those papers. I messaged some friends who had the same class to make sure i wasn't remembering wrong and, I wasn't. I told them of my discovery, they had never heard of the Secession declarations either. Ugh.

Reddit let me know earlier how absolutely wrong I was. I don't care about people calling me dumb, I'll own that. I just trusted my teachers to give me facts, and I got this...propaganda. I am disgusted with myself for carrying around incorrect information for so long. I hope my stupidity is isolated, but I wonder how many people are out there thinking they know something but actually don't? 

TL;DR I thought the Civil War was about slavery, my history teachers convinced me that it wasn't, then reddit proved them (and me) totally wrong as fuck.

EDIT: The FU part of this is that it took me making an ignorant post on a other forum and getting blasted by the Reddit community about how completely stupid I was for me to learn about the documents, or the Cornerstone speech. Which I guess is fair, I dunno. It hurt my feelings, but it shook loose the truth for me.

>http://www.civil-war.net/pages/ordinances_secession.asp/nSo this actually happened almost four years ago now and will need just a little back-story.

I visited Thailand in September '15 as part of a (still on-going) trip around the world, this was via a tour group and so, to keep the budget low, we were often put into shared rooms. This meant that trying to jerk off was a little bit of a problem, and I never felt OK jerking off in shared bathrooms/showers, so I decided to just not bother for the duration of the trip. I was there for a month and this happened during week three, so you can imagine, my cajones were a little heavy by this point and my libido was getting just a tad ravenous.

One morning whilst enjoying the sporadic sun between the monsoons on Koh Samui, I decided to strip down to by boxer shorts and plunge into the warm ocean instead of heading back to my room and changing into my swimming shorts. After a little splash around I used the outdoor shower to wash the saltwater off and put my sweatpants on with no underwear, I didn't think much of it. I then proceeded to drink a fairly decent amount of beer and gorged myself on plates of delicious Pad Thai.

I suffer from ongoing back pains, so when I hit Thailand I took full advantage of their cheap massage houses. Now, considering how vulgar my username is, I am actually bit of a prude. I didn't want any "rug and tug" situations, in all honesty it just does nothing for me once I start visualising how many other dicks those hands have played around with you know? Not that I'm chastising anyone who does enjoy that, its just not my cuppa tea. So, after being a little drunk and full of food I decided to go to a nearby massage parlour and to get my near-daily full-body rub down.

This wasn't one of those sleazy parlours you see dotted around everywhere, not a hint of neon lighting or blacked out windows, it was small and a tad ramshackle but was obviously a classier establishment. I went in and there was one woman working, it was otherwise entirely devoid of anyone else. I asked for the same as always, paid up in advance (in case she thought I was after anything "extra") and got ready. It was only when I started taking my sweatpants off that I remembered that I was free-balling, I explained to the lovely young lady my dilemma and offered to just roll up my trousers but she just handed me an extra towel and turned around whilst I awkwardly positioned myself on my stomach with a towel under me and another over my arse.

The first half of the massage went well, it was actually one of the best ones I'd had by this point, she seemed to pinpoint a lot of my knots and just went to town on them (I'm a big fan of more aggressive massages), I was in absolute bliss. Then came the time for the front. Look, by this point I had been massaged by young women, elderly women, flamboyantly gay men, miserable old men, lady-boys and everything in-between, in every single instance each one of them had "awoken the beast" to some level or another. With this massage I was at absolute full-mast. One of those "I've not jerked off in three weeks", my dick actually aches type of stonkers. I apologised profusely because no towel in the world was gonna hide that particular beast. She laughed and started working on my legs, I started relaxing a bit more, I imagined it was nothing she hadn't seen before (my dick is a bit overweight but not particularly long) and tried to settle back down and enjoy it. She went up the thigh and nudged by nuts with the kind of delicate touch I imagine a pixie would have, my helmet popped out from under the towel in an almost mocking manner. I went to pull the towel back up a little more but she did as well and in doing so managed to stroke just the tip of my cock.

Cum fired out of my dick with such ferocity that I thought I'd broken something, a load of it shot on her hand, a lot went all over my chest but I also decided to try and sit up at the same time and another hot wad of baby batter shot itself all over the massage bed, the floor and on her forearm. All the while I'm desperately trying to apologise, mopping up my seed whilst still emptying both barrels in a confusing mixture of ecstasy and despair. Mostly despair. After a short while, the fireworks were over. There was a pregnant pause, she looked neither angry or sad, just a little bewildered. I realised that I'd been using both her fresh towels to mop up my mess and was just this Gollum-esque, butt-naked creature awkwardly perched on her massage bed, covered in cum and probably reeking of alcohol who up until recently had been screaming apologies in-between the occasional gasps of joy. Wordlessly I put my clothes on, not making eye contact, I pulled my wallet out and gave her about 1500 Baht (the massage cost 200 to put that into perspective) and slowly slunk out. I often wonder if she talks about this absolutely fucked up situation.

Edit - Typos  


Edit 2 - After desperately trying to reply to as many of the posts as I could, I received a notification that I'd hit the front page. So, I guess its gonna take me a while longer than anticipated to get back to y'all, I still need to work too. In all honesty, I wrote up this event because I had been told I had to during one of the many times I have regaled people with it. I had spent all day yesterday just writing incredibly downbeat stuff and decided to take a break and to quickly scribble up something a little more jovial, more for myself than anything else, thinking that it would maybe make a few people chuckle and was pretty harmless, so I posted it typos and all. I did not ever expect this response, its really lifted my spirits and I am grateful beyond words. Every little complement and giggle is doing more good than I think most people would realise. Thank you.

&#x200B;

TL; DR - Got a massage whilst forgetting my underwear, ended up shooting my wad all over myself, a poor masseuse and her equipment in a furious display of penile theatrics./nThis happened earlier today and I'm pretty sure I'm on a police watch list now.

Needed to pick up a few things from my local hardware store I was running low on that I like to have around. Zip ties, duck tape, and things for quick repairs. 

While I was there I noticed they were having a store wide sale. I'm an avid outdoorsmen and with hunting season coming up I like to keep certain back up items in my truck if I need them. I figured I would grab some things while they are on sale.

Walking through the isles I start randomly grabbing items I think I might need for my kit. Such as a tarp, some rope, large knife, headlamp, latex gloves, and a lantern with extra batteries.

Keep in mind I already have zip ties and duct tape in my cart when I walk up to the register. These are things I generally purchase, buy never all at once.

Girl at the register greets me as I start placing items on the counter. I give her my number for rewards points and she quickly starts scanning things.

About half way through she slows down a bit. She looks down at my already bagged items, at the stuff left on the counter, and then back to me. I'm just standing there waiting with my wallet in hand, clueless as to what is now processing in her head.

Then we have a light convo that in hindsight prob made things worse:

Her: "Wow that's a big knife."
Me: "Yeah I like having cheap, throwaway knives around. Same with tarps and stuff too."
Stares at me funny after my reply as she scans knife.

Her: "Can I see your ID to verify your at least 18 to purchase this."
Me being 30, going bald, and grey in my beard looks at her weird as I've never been asked for my ID here. Pull it out and hand it to her. 

She quickly looks at my ID info and then glances up at her screen where I noticed my reward info was pulled up. Didn't think anything of it at the time.

She says thanks, hands it back while still looking at it, and finishes scanning my items. Almost looking like she was taking inventory of what I had.

She gives me my total and I hand her some cash (prob another red flag, no paper trail.)

I get my change, grab my bags, and head for the door. She yells back don't forget your receipt as she walks it over to me. I grab it as I notice her quickly glance up at the security camera in front of the door.
I say thanks and leave thinking that whole situation was weird.

I get home and start unpacking my bags to sort stuff out on my kitchen table when my wife comes up behind me. She glances at my items and jokingly asks if she should be worried.

I was like what? Still clueless. Before she points out that it looks like I'm about to go tie someone up and murder them.

Girl at register must have thought the same thing. Checked my info and I'm pretty sure made sure she got my face on the security camera in case someone pops up murdered on the news later.

Told my wife about cashier and she about died laughing at me for being so clueless.

TL;DR: 
Bought zip ties, duct tape, knife, tarp, rope, and other questionable items randomly for hunting season on sale at my local hardware store. Pretty sure cashier thought I was a serial killer./nAbout two months ago there was a page on the intranet for our company for the location of the corporate quarterly meeting.

As a joke I wrote in Twin Peaks as one of the suggestions.

I am guessing the person running it either wanted to see the world burn or thought the restaurant was like the tv show because it was one of the actual voting options on the intranet. The trolls in the company definitely voted it as the pick for the meeting as well as it was the number one option by a HUGE margin.

I am guessing there was a failure in understanding of the nature of the restaurant as the entire place was reserved yesterday for the most RSVP's the company ever received for a quarterly meeting.

The day came and everyone showed up for the surreal event. In the ENTIRE process no one informed higher management that twin peaks was like hooters but much much better. The organizer showed up about 2-3 hours before everyone was going to be there and had no clue. The waitresses do not switch into their... ahem, uniforms until it is time to roll.

About an hour before everyone showed up the waitresses undressed into their uniforms and the organizer realized what kind of establishment this was. By then it was too late. The money was spent, and there was no way to back out now.

I have to hand it to upper management. They powered through the meeting while simply ignoring what was happening. Although he did start the meeting with. "I was going to thank everyone for their enthusiasm for the largest turnout for a quarterly meeting in our company's history, but I think I know why so many of you joined us today." This drew a few chuckles from the people at the tables.

Other than that one instance, none of the higher management mentioned it and just powered through until the ending where they said they were going to simply choose a place next time and not allow voting.

It took all of 3 hours after the meeting for IT to pinpoint me as the original suggester of the meeting location.

I was sent home for the day as they were going to review my employment.

I came in this morning and was informed I am to receive a write up for this. They are not firing me as there was an entire series of failures from all levels of management. They understand the humor in my suggestion and would have found it funny, had it not come to the fact that our company had a quarterly meeting at Twin peaks.

TL:DR Suggested Twin Peaks as a joke location for meeting. Bosses did not research Twin Peaks at all and we had a quarterly meeting at the location. I got written up for it. /nThis happened about two hours ago.

I've been extremely stressed as of late and my boyfriend wanted to help me relax. He flicked my bean and went on a minge binge to my little heart's delight. He even drew me a nice bath complete with warm towels and bath beers. I really wanted to show him how I much I appreciated all his gestures, so I thought a great way to do that would be to let him give a facial. I start doing my duties and all is rainbows and puppies. He gives me the signal and I activate baby bird mode trying to give him the best view I can. That's where the fuck up occurs. I tilted my head back slightly too far and ended up with a nostril full of semen. It took a moment for me to register what the fuck just happened, but by the time I figured it out, my other nostril gets its turn. At this point, I just sit there and take it up the nose because I'll be damed if I let man gravy get on anything. I immediately go to the bathroom afterwards to evacuate my sinuses, but I didn't get it all. Not long after, I feel some slither down the back of my throat like a demented slug. I still have the smell of semen in my nose. 

Tldr: A dick in my mouth ended with semen in my nose.

Edit: Holy fuck, I did not expect this to blow up like it did. Thank you to whoever gave me my first silver!

Edit 2: Also didn't expect this to get gold or platinum. Thank you all for enjoying my story enough to give me those!/nNo, isn't a joke. This happened less than 2 hours ago.

So you might be wondering, how in the fuck did I manage to cripwalk out of my maths class? Why on earth would I do it? Well, let me tell you. Here I am, chilling in class, while we're doing simple quadratic equations, and one of our classmates could not even comprehend HOW to solve it. My teacher, of course, gets pissed, and then she catches a student chatting, which led her to losing her shit. She starts saying how we all copy our answers when doing work, and tells us that if we don't enjoy the class, we can exit the room, pointing to the open door.

I sat there hesitating for about a few seconds, thinking "Should I? Nahh" and then thought: it's the end of the year, nothing will happen and everyone would get a good laugh out of this! Maybe. But not the teacher.

So I get up, put my books in my bag while everyone is giving me confused looks (including the teacher), and I shit you not, I cripwalk out the door, closing the door on the way out. As soon as I'm outside the classroom, the whole class is fucking HOWLING, literally screaming, you could even hear it from the first floor.

I'm feeling all slick and shit thinking "That was definitely worth it", but then it fucking dawns on me. **The parent-teacher conference is today, in less than 3 hours. AND I HAVE TO GO TO IT TOO.**

&#x200B;

*Yeah, I'm fucked. Please pray for me*

&#x200B;

**TL:DR** \- I tried to be funny by cripwalking out of my maths class when my teacher offered us to leave the classroom and the parent-teacher conference starts in less than 3 hours now. RIP me

&#x200B;

EDIT: I'll add an update if I'm alive by the time I get back home from the conference

EDIT2: Thank you for the gold, I didn't think this would blow up so much LMAO

EDIT3: I am alive and well. Still cripwalking on the haters. Mom did not kill me, I repeat, mom did not kill me. I will post a TIFUpdate soon.

EDIT4: My inbox is hurting/nDisclaimer: This should be, "several years ago IFU," but I'm a reddit n00b and wanted to share one of the most awkward series of events I've ever caused.

I had plans to meet up with some friends in Atlantic City for the weekend. I got a late start, so they were already gambling somewhere in the Taj Mahal. I had been there once before, but didn't really remember the layout, except for a long escalator that led down to the casino from the lobby.

I parked my car and walked quickly from the parking deck to the lobby. On my way to the lobby, there was a crowd of people gathered behind a security guard who was holding some caution tape across the hallway. He let a bunch of people in and, of course, I squeezed through as he was closing it off.

That is where things went sideways. I saw a film camera in the lobby, and thought, "huh, they must be filming a commercial for the casino or something.. wonder if I'll be in it?" But before I could finish that thought, everyone around me in the entire lobby froze in position. A second later, someone yells, "ACTION!"

I start walking alongside a person who was next to me, and ask him quietly, "I'm not suposed to be here, am I?" He immediately shook his head no.

So, I see the escalator to the casino about 20 feet away.. and two 'extras' are about to get on it. I think to myself, "if I can just get on that, it would be my escape from ruining whatever they're doing in the lobby." 

I make a move, get on the escalator, and start taking a few steps down. SUCCESS! I didn't screw anything up!

After a few more steps, I catch up to those two people who got on the escalator before me. And they're blocking the full width, and NOT WALKING! I mean, come on!

Only at this point, do I see the boom microphone, the camera panning down with them, and the crowd of 150 spectators at the bottom of the escalator. Then someone yells "CUT!", and the two people in front of me turn around. 

Turns out those two jerks blocking the escalator were Jennnifer Aniston and Gerard Butler, and I completely blew up their scene. There was nothing I could do.. I just said, "Uh, I'm sorry." I figured there was no point in explaining my series of bad decisions. Butler laughed, and we completed the rest of the very long escalator ride in awkward silence.

TL;DR. I somehow found myself as an unknowing extra in a movie shoot, and completely ruined the shoot by trying to escape from the situation./nTL;DR at the bottom.

NSFW

This is still fresh in my mind as I'm typing. I take some time out of my daily commute home from night shift to make a detour and spend time with my Dad (71 years young) who spends most of the week alone as my mom (62) works all day. Today was just a routine visit. My folks live in the country and don't have trash pickup so I visit with Dad while driving their garbage to the dump. As we are talking I bring up a video I had seen and suggested I share it with him. He agrees and once we get back to the house he suggests I find the video while he does something else. 

Commence Fuckup. 
My Dad has an older model Desktop PC that is quite temperamental and only likes to use Google Chrome. I go to open a window and see that my Dad has 20+ tabs open. All of them were different profiles on FetLife. For those who don't know, FetLife is like MySpace for people with fetishes (bondage, waterworks, furries, etc). I just brushed it off as my dad being a dirty old man. Unfortunately the tab I opened Chrome to was my parents profile page. I not only saw my mother in *very* revealing garments; I also saw my dad gagged and hog tied like a pig at a pork roast. So now, not only do I know my parents are pretty kinky, I also know what it looks like when my dad is getting stuffed like a Christmas turkey. 

TL;DR:
Opened Google Chrome to share something with my dad, only to find out he gets butt-raunched by my mother on the regular. 

EDIT:words

EDIT2: WOW my first Gold! Thanks Stranger!!

EDIT 3: My wife is a reddit user and knows her husband posted this from the commute detail. She didn't believe me so she temporarily created a FetLife account so I could, for once, be right. Now she is very distraught and has told me she can never look at my parents the same. What do?/nObligatory this didn't happen today but when I was in the 8th Grade.

8th Grade was about the first time I discovered what masturbating was, give or take a few years. (Whatever year they show the "Birds and the Bees" movie at school) Well, needless to say, I was all for it. I think I did it just about everyday after school. And I was getting pretty good at it let me tell ya.

One day in particular though, I wanted to see how fast I could do the deed. So after school I ran off the bus and went straight to the bathroom and pulled out my....stopwatch. I counted down from three and went full speed. Let's just say I was a little too rough with my ding\-ding.

After I beat my record time, there was this strange tightness in my nether realm that was different from all the other times I had "spatooshed". I just assumed I over\-heated the poor thing and needed to let it rest so I laid down on my bed to take a nap. The tightness never went away so I had a hard time falling asleep. The tightness moved up and started to turn into a stomach ache, then a nauseous feeling, then a constant pain that felt like a burning cramp in my lower stomach area.

I was groaning in pain and trying to not to cry when my parents came in my room asking what was wrong. I told them that my stomach hurt really really bad. (I failed to mention that my Dangly Bits hurt a little bit too) So my Dad, being the classic Mexican dad that he is, just said "Just drink this 7up and take some Tums and you'll be fine in no time." Unsurprisingly, that did not fix my pain at all. 10 mins go by and my mom looks at me tossing and turning and says "Thats it, I can't take it anymore. We're going to the hospital."

Oh. My. Lanta. Talk about the worst 30 min car ride of my life. Every bump sent a new sharp pain through my body.  I thought I was going to pass out from the pain. This was my new worst pain of my life.

We eventually get to the hospital and get in to see a doctor. I tell him that there are sharp pains in my stomach that won't go away. I didn't tell them about my downstairs hurting too because, well, 8th Grade me was too embarrassed and didn't want people looking at my dingle\-dangle. So they run every stomach test in the book and wouldn't you know it, they don't find anything. At this point it's been 2\-3 hours since I got there so I say screw it and I finally muster up the courage to whisper to me mum "Hey Mom, my uhh....balls hurt too kinda." Right away she yells WHY DIDN'T YOU SAY SOMETHING?! Then she calls a nurse to take a look.

The nurse lady comes in and says that it might be testicular torsion then proceeds to put on gloves, tells me to hold on tight, then MANHANDLES MY BEANBAGS! For those who don't know, testicular torsion is when one of your nuts literally turns around in your sack and is backwards. So this lady is trying to turn it back around with her hands! I SCREAM in pain. Now, I would never hit a woman in my life but I would be lying if told you I didn't raise my hand and was about to slap that bitch. Haha. Remember when I said the car ride was the worst pain of my life? Well this one was my new new worst pain of my life. Anyway, my right nut ended up winning the wrestling match so they prep me to surgically turn it back that way it was.

The surgery was quick and I didn't have a lot of pain afterwards. They went in there, twisted it back, and wired it in place so it doesn't turn again. I just had to wear a jock strap stuffed with gauze for about 3 days then I was back to "normal". Well, because Righty decided to take a left turn at Albuquerque, the veins that were connected to him got twisted. Thus stopping any blood flow that was trying to reach him. This means Righty shrunk. Like a lot. Lets just say Lefty towers over the little guy now. Could be worst though. The doctor said 30 more minutes and I would've lost him.

I ended up making the mistake of telling my friends about the shrinkage which resulted in some nice nicknames for my twins. Rob and Big, Dr. Evil and Mini Me, Pinky and the Brain are some of my favorites. Lol.

Lesson to be learned here: Some things are meant to be taken slow.

TL;DR  Wanted to masturbate really fast, twisted a nut, got surgery, now have 1.5 sperm balloons.

EDIT: Thank you for the Gold kind stranger! Glad my story could make your day. :)/nThis is long and will have a tldr at the bottom.

Saturday night my gf and i had my parents over for a  game night. We just moved into our new place last week Monday and wanted them to see it. We were waiting on my brother who was running late so i decided to have a smoke on my balcony. 

Everything is normal for the first few minutes. I’m just playing some “free” game I’ve spent way too much money on and not aware at all of my surrounding. Then it happened. A bug flew in my ear. Now this happens occasionally. A bug will fly and hit my ear and be on its way, but this little bastard decided my ear was going to be its new home and dug deep.

I immediately lost all semblance of self control and flung my phone and the chair i was sitting on and sprinted into the apartment while freaking out. The bug was digging or chewing and vibrating and that sound and feeling against your ear drum has to be the worst thing you can ever experience. My gf freezes, my father tells me to get in the shower and just fill my ear with water. I’m helpless at this point so i just follow my dads instructions. 

The bug did not like the water. It dug deeper. The noise and feeling got worse. I used a qtip to try to dig it out. All i got was blood. My father took a used water bottle from my recycling, poked a hole in the cap and used that to try to directly flush the bug. Nothing but more digging and moving. I am literally screaming everytime it moves. Both from the pain and the disgusting feeling i got when i felt it. 

My mother at this points takes off to run to a store to grab something she thinks will help. I barely notice she leaves but i hope to god she will save me. In the mean time, my gf reads that a couple of drops of vegetable oil can suffocate the bug. So my dad opens our brand new bottle of oil and dumps it in my ear.   At this point my entire body is covered in oil. I could have used concrete as a slip in slide. I’m naked in my shower with a bug in my ear, topped of with oil, holding the shower curtain over my crotch trying to keep some bit of modesty all why freaking out at the chewing next to my brain. 

The oil does nothing but piss it off. We are talking about going to the hospital when my mother returns. She has what looks like the top of a turkey baster. Apparently this is something used to suck out booger’s from babies noses. My father tries to use it at first because my limbs no longer work. He doesn’t go deep enough because he doesn’t want to pop my ear drum. I didn’t care at that point because the bug was using it as an actual drum already so i managed to regain use of my arm, grabbed the thing and jammed it in my ear. It sucks the bug but it’s too big to get it out. Too heavy for it to hold onto. 

My gf then fills it with water and suggests i use that to flush the bug. After 4 attempts, i finally feel some relief. I look down on my chest and see something far bigger than i expected. At this point I’m too freaked out to look closely and yell for her to look. She freaks because it’s a moth. A good size moth. I again nearly shit myself and rinse it off. 

I can not do justice to this event in words. I can not accurately describe the noise, the feeling, the horror of this. Picture it yourselves. Imagine you have a dime sized bug in your ear scratching, biting, chewing, digging. Then realize it actually feels worse than that. 

If this was punishment for committing crimes, we would no longer need jails. 1 day with a bug in your ear would be enough punishment for murder and i can promise you they wouldn’t do it again. 

I’d rather be waterboarded while listening to Barney on a loop. Those terrorists had it easy. 

I now wear my girlfriends bright pink beats headphones out while smoking and am strongly considering quitting. It shook me that much. 

TLDR: a bug flew in my ear while i was smoking. Stayed in there for half an hour while i tried everything conceivable to get it out. I finally did. It was more horrific than you can imagine.

Edit: I’ve tried to keep up with the comments so I’ll answer some of them here.

I’m still flushing my ear regularly with peroxide. This morning i still found what i think is moth wing residue. I’ve made an appointment with my primary doctor for 130 this afternoon (eastern time zone US). I’ll keep you posted on the egg situation haha. 

I’m now smoking a lot less and mostly when I’m driving . I feel like god would be after me if a bug managed to find its way in my ear driving down the road with the window down only a few inches. 

I didn’t expect this to blow up but to everyone commenting saying it happened to them, I’m sorry. I feel your pain. 

To those saying moths don’t bite, I’m not exactly a bug expert. All i know is the feeling, the sound, the blood, it was doing something in there that id really rather never experience again. It’s truly an indescribable feeling and one i hope you never have to experience./nObligatory, this didn't happen today, rather three days ago.


I've been single now for three years and haven't knocked boots with anyone in at least 2 so, finally fed up with celibacy and buffered by my friends success story, I joined a dating site.  


I started talking to this pretty good looking guy. He was a little boring, we didn't have much in common but i figured meh, may as well meet up for a drink and so we did on Thursday evening. He looked exactly as he did on his profile (6"8' power lifter who looked like a legit Viking) so there was an overwhelming feeling of relief that I hadn't been catfiished but I was pretty sure I didn’t want to see him again after about half an hour of chatting. That said, he didn’t seem like a murderer and there was a stirring in my loins, so I invited him back to mine. 


It started well and I was like fuck YES, let’s do this! So I said as much. I also said you’re not going to call me back if we do this are you? He said he would. He’s a liar. So bullet dodged. 


Anyway, he proceeds to pick me up like I weighed literally nothing which was exciting tbh because no one else has ever been capable of such a feat (I'm pretty large) and carries me to the bedroom. I’m like STRIP because I’ve gone rabid by this point from the carrying and the dominance. At this juncture, I realise that this guy is completely in proportion if you catch my drift but I figure babies come out of there so I'm grand.



There’s a warm up wristy and a little Spiderman and then we get down to bi'ness. It’s over pretty fucking fast, like under a minute, so I open my eyes trying desperately not to look disappointed and he’s just kneeling there with that soooorrrryyy look on his face. 


So I’m trying my best to reassure him that 12 seconds is totally enough then he looks down and his face goes pale and he asks have I got a tissue? My first reaction is shit, the condom broke but nah, it was much worse. 


Blood.jpeg


So much fucking blood. Well, I know it’s not a wild period since I’m not afflicted with that shit. I RUN to the bathroom (cream carpets) and holy fucking shit. I’m like get me a bandage or a nappy or some shit. Meanwhile I’ve never seen someone get dressed faster in my life. 


We have a hasty conversation about the first inane bullshit subject that comes to mind and he leaves. I clean up the crime scene which is my bed and go to sleep thinking no more of it. Like it’ll stop. 


Nope. Next day is agony and still going. Trying not to do that thing at work where you have to lower yourself into your seat super carefully since a few people know I went on a date and I don’t want them thinking I’m some harlot. I'm still optimistic at this point that it'll stop.


Wake up Saturday, bleeding is worse than ever. But like fresh, bullet wound type blood. And I felt so sick and dizzy. I'm freaking the fuck out. Obviously can’t tell my Mum because catholic shame so I go to the out of hours doctor by myself on the advice of the 111 lady (who I think thought I had been raped because I was crying so much because I’ve broken my vagina) and just sit in the waiting room, silently crying whenever I think for too long about how this is probably the last time I’ll ever have sex and it wasn’t even that good. Mercifully, my buddy came to keep me company because she’s wonderful.


Get in to see the doctor. After a very sweet but obviously terrified middle aged Asian man and 2 nurse practitioners having a good old look, it's determined that I have a pretty substantial tear/graze which is going though a small blood vessel and because it's on a particularly mobile area of my lady garden, its unlikely to heal without a little help. Brilliant.

Theres surgical glue on my vagina. I'm never dating again.

tl;dr: Had sex with a giant Viking power lifter, ended up getting my vagina skin glued back together.

EDIT: First, wow. I didn't expect this to blow up like this. Thanks for reading and thanks for the gold to those who gave it.

Second. To clarify, a Spider-man as I meant it is also known as the finger trick (middle and ring fingers in, the rest out, pull up repeatedly) although the PLAH!! Spider-man version is also great! Hope that helps.

/nThis is literally still happening. Maybe it will continue for the rest of my life. Maybe this is it for me.

So I live in an apartment-style dorm, but my roommates do not move in for a few more weeks so I am alone in my unit for now. This is very clear because there is a placard with my name and my name only on the front door.

This morning I woke up to the sounds of clanging and walking in my unit. I panicked before my mind supplied "oh that's the janitor that comes to clean the bathrooms on Monday's". 

And I immediately suffer a heart attack.

It is Wednesday. 

I was not expecting a janitor visit. 

In the tub, drying overnight, I had arranged a smorgasbord of sex toy delights: anal beads, a plug, and four dragon/monster dildos of increasing size. Lined up. Like little sex soldiers.

I hear her open the door to the bathroom, and I lay in the bed in my locked room quiet and still. Maybe I'll can stop existing.

I hear some noise, and what sounds like talking.

A few minutes later I hear my RA walk in. I hear some comments and some laughter. They quietly convene for what feels like a long while. The RA simply laments "why?!" and the  janitor asks if any boys live in the unit. I continue not to breathe. There are four bedrooms and they don't know which one I use and all the doors are closed so if I continue to be quiet I can astral project off this plane of existence without them noticing.

I currently hear the sounds of a spray bottle, occasionally followed by bag rustling and the tell-tale sound of unsticking a six pound hunk of silicon from a tub. I don't know when she'll leave, if ever. I think I'll be trapped here forever, sweating under the covers from anticipation and embarrassment while she talks and laughs and cleans around my monster dildos.

Please send me instructions on how to dissolve into the floor, thanks and have a lovely afternoon.

TL;DR: Left all my sex toys out overnight so of course the janitor made a surprise visit this morning and invited the RA to come look at my dragon cocks.

-- / -- / -- / -- / --

UPDATE: Oh my god this absolutely blew up. I'm going to give an update and answer some questions because I think my phone is going to explode.

-- I emerged from my room about an hour later, my toys were as I left them and there was cleaner in the toilet, so my understanding is that the janitor cleaned the bathroom and perhaps lifted the toys to clean underneath them. I rinsed my things and put them hidden in a drawer in my room. I was waiting to update because I half-expected some communication from my RA but this hasn't happened. Sorry the ending isn't juicier but honestly I wouldn't have been able to handle it so I'm thankful.

-- The janitor coming in unannounced is standard procedure. I still have no clue why the RA was allowed in; I'm starting to believe maybe it was, in fact, another janitor? The voice was hushed and I may have misidentified it.

-- A lot of you want pics of the toys. I have a pic of the four in question in a post I made a month or so ago. Yes I recommend them, yes they are worth the money.

-- I am FTM, so I am a guy but I currently still have my vagina. I didn't mention my sex or gender because for many reasons it was irrelevant to the story. I put the toys wherever I decide I want them. This clarification is here so that discussion and speculation in the comments is no longer necessary. Comments about this aren't going to spark fun or interesting conversations so if you want to argue go do it on a debate forum, not on a funny dildo story.

-- I don't know anything about game of thrones and at this point I'm too afraid to ask

Thanks for the awards and funny stories from you all, hope you have a good day and are never cursed with an inbox that looks like mine does eight now. Glad my suffering could bring you some entertainment on this rainy Wednesday, godspeed to you all./nAs it’s often the case, this didn’t happen today, but a few years ago when I was maybe 15yo, young and naive.

My mom’s best friend back then was V, a young woman in her late-30s, the widow of a really great man that had died a few years earlier, too young, because of a disease.

V is a bright, intelligent, well-mannered and good-looking woman. After losing her husband and mourning his death for a long time, she started dating again. She brought to our home a few men over the years.

One of those times, V had invited over for dinner a man (let’s call him A) who she introduced to us as a “good friend”. A was a middle-aged man originally from Bosnia. He now lived in my hometown and run his construction business.

For those of you not fully aware of Bosnia and the things that happened there, brief history lesson. It’s a small country in the Balkans (Eastern Europe, north of Greece), and it used to be part of the former Yugoslavia. Long story short, in the 1990s a civil war broke out there, and things got really, really ugly, many were murdered, and many fled, including A.

That evening, at dinner we were all trying to get to know A better. He seemed a nice, soft-spoken man, mature, and with a lot of experience on his shoulders. We start asking him questions about how long he’s been out of Bosnia, etc.

I start to think of something witty to say to “vet” him. Something funny.

I asked him if he’d ever killed someone, jokingly.

He looked at me, all serious. He said yes. Everyone became silent.

He went on to explaining that during the war he had to make some difficult actions a couple of times. They were those situations where it was either his life (and the lives of his beloved ones), or the other person’s. He wasn’t a soldier, but just a regular civilian looking out for himself.

I felt horrible for asking this. When I thought I was just making a joke, I opened up some really painful memories. Things that were not easy for him. Still today, many years later, i can’t imagine how he must feel living with such memories. And it was also the first time young me started to realize what war actually is, how it impacts real people around us.

After a short moment in which everyone was trying to cope with strong emotions, the dinner slowly went back to normal. We never spoke about that again.

—

TL;DR: I thought I’d make a funny joke and ask my friends’ date at dinner if he’d ever killed anyone. Turns out, he did during the civil war in former Yugoslavia, to save his and his loved ones lives. The joke became immediately too serious and thinking about it still makes me uncomfortable to this day./nIt all happened this morning.

I´m a student  in Cologne, Germany. My parents visited me over the weekend and stayed in my own flat. Yesterday evening we went out to get some drinks and celebrate my successful second semester. My dad and me were pretty drunk, so we went home and fell into bed. Next morning my lovely mom made some breakfast for us, while we were still asleep. She woke us up with some coffee so we sat down in the kitchen. I couldn't eat anything cause my hangover was pretty bad. So my mom and dad started eating some scrambled eggs and some Wurstbrot (sausage sandwich). After a few minutes I started eating too. I took my first bite of the bread and recognized/tasted  what just happened. I had made some weed butter with some friends a while ago to bake some cookies. We made way to much of it so I kept the rest inside a plastic box in my fridge. Yeah.. so I took my first bite and realised that my mom took this butter to cook the scrambled eggs and even used it for the Wurstbrot. I was shocked and felt like frozen. I didn't know how to explain or even what to do from there on. My mom noticed my reaction and asked if everything is all right. I asked her which butter she used and she told me that she used the one which was already opened in the box. So I started carefully to explain what just happened before the weed may kick in without them knowing what is going on. My mom started to panic, cause she never done drugs and has completely no relationship to weed. For her its a real, hard drug.My dads reaction was pretty chill. He started laughing and tried to calm down my mom, cause he was smoking pot in his youth too. An hour later after my dad could relax my mom a bit, she felt asleep while my dad got pretty high. He started talking a lot about his time as a teenager and told me stories about some of his trips in and to Amsterdam. I am pretty glad my dad reacted that cool! Cause my mom isn't fine with it at all.As soon as my mom woke up the drama began again. She is still pretty angry at me and is disappointed cause she thought I would never do drugs. My dad told me she would calm down soon. They drove home a few hours ago.I think I never felt that weird and kind of helpless as today. Its hard to describe how it felt... awkward for sure!

TLDR: My mom took my weed butter without knowing and made breakfast with it. My dad got high while my mom was groundbreaking disappointed and fell asleep.

EDIT: So my mom called me today. She apologised that she seemed so disappointed she was only afraid of it. She told me that she never came in contact with weed even in her youth. She has absolutely no relationship to it. She said that she is proud of me and that I should be carefully with smoking weed.   
Thanks for all the likes, comments and awards! Didn't expect that to happen. I try to call my dad later and ask him if he is still into smoking weed./nWARNING: THIS IS A LONG ONE. SCROLL DOWN TO THE TL;DR IF YOU DON'T WANT THE FULL STORY. 

Yeah... I f***ed up today. See, I've been dating my GF (K) for 5 years. We are deeply in love, we have pets together, we live together, etc. I've wanted to propose to her for about 2 years. The reason I haven't is that about 2 years ago, I got diagnosed with a rare disease and have been on and off several medications and chemotherapy. 

It's been VERY rough on the two of us, but K has stuck with  me every step of the way. My disease, GPA, is chronic, deadly when left alone, and tough to beat in my particular case. I'm starting drugs that haven't been FDA approved for my condition. All other typical forms of treatment have failed and things are kinda bleak, but not terrible just yet. This new drug is promising, but hasn't been guaranteed to work. I'm terrified to say the least. All of this medical stuff has prevented me from being able to go outside, let alone commit to anything serious. 

I want to be healthy and stable before I even think about marriage. I don't want to leave K as a widow with no support! K & I had talked here and there about getting married, but had always come to the conclusion that I needed to go into remission first. We agreed to it, or so I thought. Flash foreword to a few hours ago and K is with MY FAMILY in a public restaurant, holding a ring and getting down on one knee. 

I saw my father, who has an extensive history of butting into my private affairs without asking to be involved, with his eyes wide and smiling. I immediately started freaking out. First thought: I haven't even gone into remission yet and I have no clue if I'm going to get better. I cannot get married and then hear that the drugs aren't working. What if I die from all of this? Second thought: GODDAMN IT DAD! Why do you always have to try and manipulate everything from behind the scenes?!

I guess I'm coming off as a bit of a brat here, but my Dad was a very involved parent when I was young. When I entered High-school, my father would play me up to college recruiters, my boss at the time, and to teachers. The expectations would get so high that I couldn't live up to them. Similar situations happened with friends and extended family as well. Both my brothers and I find this to be a real problem, if my Dad is left unchecked. I would go more in depth, but that is a post for another r/. Back to the story!

Anyway, I'm freaking out. I just start sputtering the first words that come out of my mouth. Sadly those words came out as a hodgepodge of "no-nno waaay!" With my heart beating out of my chest and a lump in my throat, I ran out of the building... I made the love of my life cry as I selfishly drove off and everyone in the restaurant dropped their jaws. I've never felt so ashamed in my life... After calming down, I talked to my Mother, and drove back to talk to K.

In the parking lot, without my family, we discussed what went down. Tears were shed and things were said. K told me I was being selfish. "We've been dating for years, who cares if you die, I want to marry you!" She also explained that the whole proposal was her idea, my dad had nothing to do with it. She understood why I would be paranoid about my dad though. K understands that my Dad has boundary issues and admitted that it would have been better if she didn't include them.

In the end, we reconciled. We made up, decided that I was being redicules and paranoid, and she wasn't forthcoming with her real feelings on marriage, engagement, and how my disease effects our relationship. We came to the conclusion that we should be engaged. We want to spend the rest of our lives together, no matter what the circumstances.

Now I'm engaged, still have no idea if my new drug is gonna save me, but if I do end up in an even worse place medically during it all, I'll be with my best friend/lover. K is my world, and I'm an idiot for ever considering not spending my life with her. 

Thanks for listening.



TL;DR
I said no when my GF proposed bc I'm on chemo and don't know if I'm gonna go into remission or die. Decided I was being stupid and reversed my idiotic decision to yes.

EDIT: Thank you so very much for the silver, gold and platinum!/nLiterally happened ten minutes ago, the fallout has yet to happen.


Bit of a backstory, I (26M) live about 45 minutes from my parents house, and my eldest sister (30F) lives across the street from me but works close to my rents.


My parents, and my youngest sister (15F) are out of town on vacation. Now, I generally go to my parents house to work on my truck (my dad has spent a lot of money on his truck, and thus has a well stocked garage. Plus I live in an apartment complex and don’t have a garage).


So I’m going over there to do a few things, put some braided stainless brake lines on, and do an oil change.


This is where it happens. Now, my parents have two dogs. And I was trying to sneak into the house and being as quiet as possible, as I knew my eldest sister was house sitting and I didn’t want them to lose their shit.


This is where the fuckup happens.


It works. I’m quiet. I sneak into the house, and silently close the door. I heard some strange noises coming from the living room, so I go, thinking the dogs were playing.


It was not the dogs playing.


It was, in fact, my eldest sister and her boyfriend. On the couch.

With her sitting on his lap facing away from him, towards me with her eyes closed.


I have now seen my sisters birthday suit being penetrated by her boyfriend.


I also now know what my sisters face looks like in this process. 


And what she sounds like.


I literally screamed “my eyes” covered them and ran out of the house.


I’m outside, sitting in my truck contemplating my life.


Send help.



TL;DR Parents home is vacant other than my sister dog sitting. Went to work on my truck, saw my sister getting worked on, reverse cowgirl style.


Edit: Based on a lot of the responses, apparently reddit wants me to either A) Describe my sisters tits, B) Make a porno, or C) Go all r/sweethomealabama with her.
Y’all are animals.

Edit 2: Holy shit this blew up. Damn. What happened after was as I was sitting in my truck, they left. I went into the garage and did my work. We haven’t talked yet. I’m gonna give it a few weeks for the memory to not be burned into my skull./nI'm a salty fucker. I'll admit that from the jump. I can't stand the family that lives across the street because their kid is always fucking freaking out and screaming, slapping shit, having tantrums, throwing shit across the street and into my yard...you name it, he does it. I can literally hear his fucking tantrums from my house across the way. He's a little fucking hellion. 

His hobby, other than having shitfits, seems to be hanging out right by the picture window and staring me down when I get into my car and leave for work. I got so sick of being stared at by this little asshole, so I flipped him off and gave him a nasty look as I was getting into my car. He immediately started screaming and crying. As I drove off, I felt...weirdly satisfied. Seriously, it was the most fulfilled I'd felt in WEEKS. So, I immediately did it again the next day, the next one after that, and the day after that. Each time he'd start screaming and freaking out. It made me bitterly happy.

This morning, as I was getting ready to leave, I saw the demon child in the window again...giving me THE STARE...and I flipped him off. Only this time I heard the bellow of "HEY FUCKER!". The kid's fucking dad had been standing behind him and I didn't see him. I sprinted into my car just as he came running out of the house. I got in before he caught up with me, but that still didn't stop him from throwing a potted plant at my tail light.

I'm at my girlfriend's place right now; my roommate tells me that the fucking psycho has been to the house twice looking for me. Kind of dreading going back; thinking that I'll just hang out here for the long weekend and hope it all blows over.

TL;DR: I've been flipping off my nasty little four year old troll of a neighbor for almost a week now. His daddy caught me doing it this morning and now I'm probably gonna get my ass beat./nObligatory “happened a few years ago etc” but basically there was this walking/bike path near my house that I would occasionally walk along for exercise.

Sometimes, while walking, I’d set myself a personal goal, like “reach that pole by the end of this song” or whatever (I listened to music while I walked).

Well, one time I saw someone walking in front of me. They were a considerable distance ahead of me, but I decided that my goal that night was to overtake them by the time I reached my turnaround point.

So I started walking faster to catch up and overtake them, and realised it was a woman. At the time I didn’t think anything of it, because, hey, we’re both on the same walking path for the same reason; getting healthy.

As I slowly yet surely got closer to her, I noticed she would occasionally turn her head and look behind her. I’d had a couple close calls with people riding bikes along the path (my fault, I only really owned dark colours), so whenever she looked behind her, I’d turn around and look behind me, because I thought she may have heard a bike bell that I hadn’t heard over my music. Meanwhile I kept my speed up because I was on pace to beat her in our race to my turnaround point.

Near to my turnaround point it gets quite dark, because trees hang over the path; and it’s of course here that I finally catch up with her..

As I get within two metres of her, she suddenly spins around and enters into what I can only describe as a karate/taekwondo attack position (legs braced and arms ready). Aimed directly at me.

I immediately realise what I’ve done (wearing dark colours, looking behind me when she did, powerwalking towards her).
I gave her the most awkward smile in the world while I powerwalked past her, walked WAYY past my turnaround point so I could avoid her on the way back, and seriously considered powerwalking myself off the nearest cliff.

As an added “bonus”, I later learned that there was a notorious rapist named “the bike path rapist” that operated in that specific area of the bike path a few years prior.

TL;DR Decided to race a stranger without their knowledge, awkwardly followed them, caught up to them in the darkest section of the path, nearly got Bruce Lee’d, awkwardly smiled and powerwalked away./nSo, yesterday my girlfriend and I were playing around, you know as lovers do...naked. Some time in this whole play activity, she asked if I could stick my penis in a bottle.

Now, this was a weird thing to me but I thought maybe it was one of her fetishes so I went ahead and did it. It didn't fit in the first two bottles we could find (yes I know...humblebrag) but the third one had a wide enough neck/opening for at least most of it to go in rather snuggly. She started laughing and I started forcing a fake laugh and then asked her, how long she wants me to do it for. She never replied and then she just started playing with the part of my twig and berries that was not in the bottle...causing me to get hard. She knew what she was doing was causing this but would not stop. I begged her to stop but she would not stop and continued to stroke me. Now my dick was straining and I started to get really worried. Then she started screaming...blood was coming out of my dick.

Long story short, she started crying and finally stopped. The bleeding continued for a few minutes (only small amounts). Since yesterday, peeing still hurts. She thought I wouldn't be stupid enough to proceed with putting my limp dick in a snuggly fitting bottle.

TL;DR I fucked up my dick by putting it in a bottle.

**Edit**: So my girlfriend saw the post and says she's embarrassed and wants me to take it down.

If you come back here to check, no I'm not taking it down, I am the one with the sore dick and no one can tell from the story that it is us because we told no one (well I hope you didn't). Sorry, I'm keeping it up. See you at 8./nI'm in marketing, particularly in the business of slogans. So, a few days ago I was writing the slogan for this local wine-and-pizza restaurant and they told me they had a problem: They had an uncharacteristically shitty location.

There's no way people were just finding this place on their own. It was buried on the backside of a fucking strip mall on a desolate road 10 miles outside of town. So, of course with a location like that, foot traffic was suffering and the business as a whole was failing.

Last night, I went there to get some food... for research, ya know... Anyway, I was surprised at the atmosphere and the quality of the meal. The pizza was really good. The beer selection was varied. They had a little play area where parents could drink and watch their kids play in a pretty fancy jungle gym. Pretty good stuff. Even if I wasn't writing for them, I would've given them 5 stars on Yelp, is what I mean.

When I was driving home it dawned on me... the way to get this place on the map (literally) was to make it feel like a destination unto itself.

I wrote a lot of garbage for a while ("Where Wine Country Is Next Door!"), but I was determined to get something usable. 

Finally, it hit me: "Go Somewhere." It had nearly everything I wanted... a sense of agency and urgency, a subtle association with class and elegance, the claim that this place was, indeed, somewhere to be.

But, still, it wasn't quite there. It lacked the feel I wanted, felt a little too abstract. Customers didn't need to just go *somewhere,* but rather a particular direction. They needed to be pointed.

After another hour or so, I had it.

Eventually, the slogan I pitched these poor people was this:

"Go Somewhere Else"

Which, I believe the corporate equivalent of is like "Get the fuck out of my face."

They haven't emailed me back.

TL;DR: Today I fucked up by not thinking of the whole context of a slogan I wrote and I'm pretty sure I definitely lost a client because of it./nThis happened today, 8:30am.

I cannot even try to make an excuse for how I could have literally forgotten a vital piece of clothing.

I got pretty close. I donned my favourite opaque tights and chose my shirt then I proceeded to get distracted by some forms I had to complete online, ran short on time, put on my long winter parka and left the house.

I got up to the interview feeling very comfortable and fifteen minutes early. As the receptionist told me to go hang up my coat I gladly walked over to do so. I began to unzip my jacket, looked down and for a brief moment I thought my skirt had just ridden up on my commute. Nope, nothing there. Luckily I never fully took off my jacket.

I proceeded to turn on my heel and leave. I got downstairs but was still holding the coat hanger.

I didn’t want to be a theif on top of just leaving abruptly. So I then took the elevator back up, claimed a family issue, and returned the coat hanger.

Silver living is they let me reschedule. So now I have an interview for later this afternoon. In about an hour.

TL;DR Left my house without any pants on for a job interview then absconded with company property

EDIT: I think the job interview went well. I appreciate everyone’s encouragement, and also thank you for the silvers.

I’m also happy (?) that so many other people have gone to work in various states of undress.

And to the people who are/ are now afraid of coming to their work places ‘naked’: I’m sorry! This was also a latent fear of mine too, and the stuff of my nightmares. I can’t believe it actually happened and that ‘checking for pants’ will now become part of my routine./nSo I guess this is a bit of a change from your normal TIFU posts but I felt like sharing anyways.

So this just happened like an hour ago. I’m sure you all have heard about the “revamping” of the FaceApp where you can literally age a photo of yourself. For those who don’t know what I’m talking about, [here](https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/faceapp-old-age-face-photographic-filter-mobile-app-development-russia/) is a good reference for you.

Anyways, so I saw someone post a picture to their Instagram and that’s how I heard about it. I knew I had to download it and try it out...because why not?

So I download the app, take a picture and set the filter. 

And OMG I’m totally old lol. It’s kinda crazy, and I’m not gonna lie...I look good as an old dude.

I decided to send the results with the original picture  to some friends and family who just die laughing at the filtered image. We start comparing pics and wonder if that’s how we will really look in the years to come.

Then a thought pops into my head...

Everyone tells me I look just like my dad, and if that’s true maybe he will get a kick out of this photo too! So I send it away!

...Nope.

He isn’t excited, and he isn’t laughing. He said it freaks him out.

I asked him why, and assured him it’s just a harmless filter.

What he said next broke my heart.

“I know I’ll never see you that old.”

TL;DR: I used the crazed FaceApp to send a photo of my old ass self to my dad, resulting in him being really sad and breaking my heart. Fuck.

Edit: Whoah!! Did not expect this response. Thank you strangers for my first gold!!!

Edit 2: Thank you for my second and third gold!!! Wow./n 

My fiance and I have been eating Keto for the last 3 months. She recently bought these "butter bombs" that you put in your coffee/hot tea that adds fat to your diet. I saw half of one on the countertop and decided to give it a go because I hadn't used one yet.

I proceeded to make my tea that has cacao butter, coconut oil, hemp seed, and a bunch of other stuff in it but this time adding in that butter bomb. I threw it in the blender and glugged it down. I thought it was weird that it didn't melt/blend/mix all the way but drank it none the less. It didn't taste terrible but it made the drink a weird consistency.

Smash cut to later in the evening when my fiance says to me as I'm watching TV, "Hey have you seen the other half of the air freshener wax that was on the countertop?" SMH. My fat ass thought it was food. I suppose I should go on amazon now and leave a review. 5 Stars, would eat again.

&#x200B;

 TL;DR I ate air freshener wax thinking it was a keto "fat bomb" because I'm a fat ass./nSo, I went in for a routine lady checkup right. These visits are awkward from start to finish... The hype yourself up to be able to leave the house, the play-it-cool conversation before taking your pants off.. and oh god, the cleaning beforehand. Pretty sure I've discovered a new layer of skin from all the scrubbing. Pubic hair? What is that. 

So, enter the doc's office. Awkward prelims, tick. Pants off, tick. On the table (please tell me this piece of disposable paper has been changed since the last patient) MY ASS IS VULNERABLE RIGHT NOW

Fast forward to the speculum *shivers* now it's just silence. Silence and this guy, just having a stare off with my lady taco. After a few horrifying silent seconds, I decide it would be a good idea to make small talk. (only god knows why) Clearly out of creative ideas, I blurted "a lot of cobwebs up there" 

The doc stops moving and chuckles awkwardly.. after what feels like an eternity he says, "not having an active sex life then?" 

AWESOME. NO. I MEANT THE CEILING!!! YOUR CEILING. NOT MY VAGINA. *Crawls into a hole and dies*

For some reason he thought this was way funnier then I did. So yep. Should I change gynaecologists, can't bear to 'face' him again.  😅😅

Edit: obviously I can understand he was just being a professional and was concentrating on his job. That's why it's a time that  *I*  fucked up. 😂

Edit 2: thank you for silver/gold kind strangers!!

Edit 3: oh good lordy my inbox. The state of my "ceiling" is fine, thanks for your concern 🙏 also yes, I told him he misunderstood me and we laughed about it. Also, you guys are the best. 

TL;DR told my gynaecologist he needs to clean his ceiling more often, but actually it was his mind that needed cleaning. 😉/nSo my wife comes home after picking our two youngest kids up from school. She opens the door and goes, “Did you say something about Santa Clause stealing penises?”

I reply, “I didn’t say any shit like that. I would NEVER ruin Christmas.”

Here’s how we got there:

I have two daughters and a son. My son was 3 or 4 at the time. He refused to wear clothes and ran around naked or in his underwear. My daughters weren’t having any of it and were like, “This is your department, old man. Do something.”

I tried to reason with my son and that just didn’t work. I was thinking that I needed something to use that he was afraid to lose. He’s a tiny kid. He’ll play with a cardboard box and be happy. 

That’s when he came running past me with both hands on his junk. That’s it. He loves his dick. I love MY dick. Me and my penis are tight. 

So my son and youngest daughter are eating lunch. I look across the table and go, “Hey big guy, you know how sometimes you can’t go to sleep cause you think there’s something in your closet?”

Hesitantly, “... yes.”

“I didn’t want to scare you but you’re old enough to know now.”

His eyes got wide and my daughter had a puzzled look on her face. She’s 4 years older. 

I go, “There’s a goblin that lives in your closet. And if you don’t do what you’re supposed to, like wear underwear and clothes, he creeps out at night while you’re asleep and steals your penis.”

He incredulously responds, “NAH AH.”

I reassure, “Oh yeah. What do you think happened to your mom and sisters?”

At this point my youngest daughter loses her mind laughing. She’s holding her sides and almost falls out of her seat. 

My son was dead silent. I could almost hear him thinking, “Damn... they don’t have dicks.”

So where does Santa Clause come in?

After I told my wife I would never ruin Christmas, she tells me she heard our son say to our daughter, “You must have done something really bad for Santa Clause to steal you penis.”

My guy confused Goblins with Santa somehow and thought Santa Clause was roaming around with a big red sack full of stolen dicks. 

Fear not. I straightened him out. I googled pics of Santa and pics of goblins from the movie Labyrinth. 

TLDR: Tried to scare my son into wearing under wear and he ended up thinking Santa Clause was stealing dicks.

https://youtu.be/ViftZTfRSt8/nThis happened last night. Put a tampon in around 6pm and went about my evening activities. I had a busy night, but at the end of the night I got to see my boyfriend. Totally forgot about the tampon and we had sex. I have a pretty light flow/low key periods due to an IUD, so between that and my busy day I totally forgot I had a tampon in. 

We wake up this morning and I remember. My stomach drops. I immediately go to the bathroom and I can't feel it. Its gone. I tried switching positions, squatting, had my boyfriend try, everything I could think of. Nothing. After close to a half hour of trying, hoping, and praying to the Vagina Gods, I accept my fate. This shit is GONE. 

At this point I'm worried that I'm never finding this thing and it's going to be stuck inside of me forever. I also know the risk of contracting TSS if I keep it in much longer so I know I need to get it taken care of sooner rather than later. After class I'm off to our Student Health Center. I go to a small college, so the doctor is only in for an hour a day. I strategically timed it so that I WOULDN'T see the doctor-- he teaches one of my classes, Gen Med, at night once a week. I wasn't keen on having my professor dig through my vagina to find a lost tampon, so I was hoping the nurse could do it. 

Nurse is very nice and reassuring but says I have to wait for the doctor. Great. Some time later I'm in a gown, in the stirrups, waiting for my professor to come in, just full of dread. He comes in and is super friendly because he knows me from class, which is the last thing I wanted. Really wish he would have just stayed silent at this point and pretended that he didn't know me. 

He starts the vaginal exam and the following exchange occurs:
Dr, to the nurse: "well, she got some pretty good news last night"
Me: "........."
Dr: "Theres no final in Gen Med!"
Me: "..oh"

I for real thought he was commenting that the sex was good. Don't get me wrong, it was, but that was even more mortifying than being in the stirrups, naked from the waist down, having my professor look at my vagina. 

He finds the tampon after 5 long, agonizing minutes of searching. I have his class in a few days. Not sure how I'm going to look at him. I'm a 4.0 student and I've never felt more stupid in my entire life. 

TL;DR: forgot I had a tampon in and had sex, losing the tampon. Had to go to the health center to get it removed by my professor, who is also the campus physician. 

Edit: i was dumb enough to say "stupider" instead of more stupid, as many of you have pointed out. Its been a long day, ya'll. 
 
Edit 2: turns out "stupider" was fine. Lesson learned: those terms are interchangeable, trust your gut. Also, take your tampon out before sex. 

Edit 3: wow, I didnt really expect this post to blow up like it did. Thanks for making a story about my vagina make the front page, guys. 
For those of you asking, it ended up near my cervix. It was too small/deep for me to have much success getting it myself, because when you lean forward to do a self-exam, the vaginal canal tightens. 
Thanks for the supportive messages, I didn't realize this was such a common problem. Makes me feel a lot better, lol. /nThis actually did happen today and I'm still kind of shaken up from my initial reaction.


Basically me and my GF of almost 3 years now are in a long distance relationship due to us both being in college. We're both from the same hometown so during summer we can see each other freely because we both come home to work. Long Distance is hard as fuck, so summer is a great time for us to fuck like Catholics to make up for the time we spent apart. Fortunately she's on the pill so we don't have to use condoms. Great right? Wrong.


Last night we were hanging out and were going to get busy, but she ended up getting a headache and as a result wasn't in the mood. I went home with blue balls, and decided that I was tired too and just wanted to sleep it off. After going in and out of sleep, I eventually decided that I needed to get off, and ol' reliable would have to do.


I loaded up pornhub and started browsing through the videos until I found one of those casting tapes that looked good enough for me. I got the lotion ready and lathered up my meat scepter, but stopped to do a double take. The girl in the video looked like my girlfriend. Exactly like my girlfriend. I was thinking "Oh cool this is basically like jerking off to moving nudes", and began to jack it.


But once the fucking started, my heart stopped. She had the same birthmark as my GF did, same spot below her ass, same shape and everything. This wasn't a look alike, this WAS my girlfriend. I grabbed my earbuds to plug in, and sure enough, it was her voice speaking to the camera explaining how she was doing this because she needed money for college.


I checked below the video title and saw that it linked the actors/actresses and saw her screen name. I was hesitant, but clicked on it. Turns out this wasn't a one time quick cash deal, because on my screen I was looking at page after page, video after video of my GF being railed by giant porn dicks. My girl wasn't as innocent as I thought. She was a porn starlet.


I was so fucking torn right then. So many feelings started running through my brain. It now made sense why she suddenly decided to go on the pill last year without really having a reason. She was always complaining about money so this made sense why she would do it.


I then started freaking out about STDs. None of the videos had the guys using condoms and several were creampies. We were both each other's firsts so once she was on the pill we ditched condoms because we knew neither of us had anything, but now I was terrified I had been duped. Not to mention we had been plowing like crazy over the past few months, so my worries were heightened because this was very much recent. I realized that it was late enough that I couldn't do anything so I went to bed again.


I woke up the next morning in cold sweats. I was angry, pissed, and emotionally a wreck. I sent a text to my girlfriend calling her a slut and a liar and everything in the book I could think of. I called up my doctor's office and scheduled an STD test. Fortunately they could take me right then so I drove over. 


After the tests were finished, I got a text from my girlfriend. "What the fuck are you talking about???". I was even angrier than before. That little bitch was gonna act dumb about it?  I was furious, but I had evidence. She wasn't gonna get out of this one without some explaining. 


I fired up pornhub again to find the videos, but I couldn't find the casting one I started on last night. No worries, I remember her stage name. I typed it into the search bar, again surprised by what I found. Not because I was looking at her being railed by other dudes again, but because the videos weren't there. They didn't exist.


Now I was just fucking confused. I tried other porn websites, but came up with the same results: nothing. I knew I saw them last night tho, so I knew they were there though, right?


And that's when the realization hit. Remember how I said I was drifting in and out of sleep before getting up to jerk it? It was all a dream. A very bad dream. My brain decided that a great dream to have would be my Girlfriend being a pornstar, forcing me to watch her bang other dudes.


So here I am explaining to my girlfriend like an idiot how I had a dream she was a pornstar without my knowledge, apologizing for all the names I called her, and sitting in awe at how badly this could've turned out. Fortunately she seems to be mostly understanding of this, so I think we're good for now.


TL;DR: Had a very realistic dream that my GF was doing porn, gave myself a heartache, sent her a very angry text over nothing, and wasted my morning in a Doctors office taking STD tests for diseases I don't have.


Edit: OK Holy shit this blew up overnight. I can't reply to most of the comments/questions/concerns so I'll try to break it down by groups that I see most frequently commenting.


For everyone saying the relationship is done: Surprisingly not. She took it pretty well and were talking this through pretty openly. I'm gonna go over later tonight in person just to make sure, but it hasn't gone nearly as bad as I thought it would.


For the conspiracy theorist: Nah, the videos don't exist. She didn't pull them or anything, there were enough videos that on a normal PH page there would definitely be at least one re upload. I checked my browser history, nothing there, and nothing is ever deleted on the internet, and I trust my GF so I'm fine on that note.


For the "YTA" crowd: Yeah I know that's why this is on TIFU and not on wholesome stuff or smthn.


For the "sex work is real work, you're just misogynistic" crowd: Sex work is a real job and I'm not contesting that. I also don't care if my partners body count is as long as Troy Polamalu's hair, or as short as OJ Simpsons prison sentence. What I got mad at was that she was CURRENTLY banging dudes without my knowledge, breaching my trust of her, and crossing a deal breaker for me. Obviously it never happened but that was what I was mad at, not anything else.


For everyone getting mad at me for not knowing how porn STD tests work: thanks. Now I know I guess?


Also shout-out to the one guy who thinks it's fake solely bc he never heard of jacking off in bed before. Can't find your comment but it gave me a good chuckle./ntldr at the bottom

17 years ago I passed my driver's test and wanted to take the family car out on my own. Being a huge nerd I checked the glove compartment for the insurance and registration info which is when I found a baggie full of weed and a small wooden pipe. I just kinda sat there for a minute, grabbed it and went back in the house and found my dad. I handed it to him, said I didn't care who it belonged to but if I ever got pulled over, the cops probably weren't going to believe the 16 year old girl that it wasn't hers. He just put the stuff in his pocket, kinda shrugged and said, "it's your mom's for her glaucoma". Whatever, fine, just don't keep it in the car anymore.

&#x200B;

I was at a family a dinner awhile ago and I can't remember what someone said but I replied with, "yeah, because mom has glaucoma" and my mom goes, "I don't have glaucoma" and I, incredulously, said "dad said you had glaucoma", in which my dad responds to with, "what the hell are you talking about, I never said that". After reminding him of said driving incident over a decade ago he just looks at me and burst out laughing, said he had no memory of that at all and couldn't believe I believed his off the cuff lie about my mom having a degenerative eye disease. I told them I had been writing down family history of glaucoma at every doctor and eye visit I'd been on for the past like 15 years. They just laughed harder.

&#x200B;

tldr: I found my parent's weed stash when I was 16, they told me it was for glaucoma, I believed them for almost 2 decades.

&#x200B;

Edit: this was my first post, thank you so much for the flair!

Edit 2: sorry for those saying this is made up but I really was (am) just a huge nerd/goody two-shoes and was terrified of getting in trouble. Yes my parents were cooler than me and still are and no I didn't appreciate that until I was much older

Edit 3: the only time I remember a doctor/optometrist ever really commenting on it was when I went to have Lasik when I was like 26/27 and they said they did a more in-depth exam before approving me for the surgery/nAs the title says, I am currently fucking up by being in my girlfriend’s room. 

You may be thinking she’s here with me, scared to be caught, but she’s not. In fact she’s nowhere near me, because she’s at school.

My girlfriend and I live about an hour away from each other and she has school so you can imagine seeing each other is not the easier thing right away. My girlfriend also lives with her parents, and she’s Asian, meaning no boyfriend until college (though her mom seems okay with it).

On Wednesday we developed a plan to have me sleepover her house without getting caught. The plan was simple, I would come when her parents were gone at work (they own a restaurant) and I would leave in the morning when her dad takes her to school because her mom would still be sleeping.

It went great, I made it out, even ran to my car which wasn’t necessary because by the time her dad was coming back I was driving out of her neighbourhood. 

Fast forward to that night and I end up going back over. Thursday goes good, I go to her room in the morning and end up going back to sleep until she comes home. 

Now it’s Friday morning. Her dad almost caught us because he wanted to take the recycling out but she quickly got it for him. Then she leaves, I lock her bedroom door and settle in her bed where I’ll be for the next 7 hours waiting for her to come back. 

Her dad comes back, comes upstairs, tries to open the door. Fuck. It’s locked. He pauses, turns the light on, I assume he looks in her brother’s room, then tries the door again. Still locked for obvious reasons he does not know about. He says something to himself (I don’t speak Chinese but I really wish I did), then goes back downstairs where he sleeps on the couch.

I text girlfriend, almost dying because of how scared I am to get caught. She tells me to chill, tells me they don’t have keys to their doors, the only way to open it is to take the handle off. She texts her dad, saying the doors locked and she can unlock it later, he says okay. Her dad doesn’t always listen so that worries me.

Pretty sure her dad went back to sleep now, and her mom isn’t awake. Now I’m currently laying in her bed wide awake, texting her, asking my parents what to do (have had similar experiences and got caught), and trying not to freak the fuck out because I can’t do anything.

Escaping is impossible. Her window has blinds and a screen and is second story. Going downstairs and out the door is foolish, her dad sleeps on the couch and the stairs are noisy. Plus I have no idea what time her mom wakes up.

I have no choice but to sit it out for the next 7 hours, maybe try to get some rest but I doubt I will. Anyone have any advice? She’s 19, I’m 20, her parents don’t even know she has a boyfriend.

I imagine they’ll be beyond pissed if they find out I’m here, we’ll both be fucked. Not only is she dating me but I’m staying in her house without them knowing. It’s scary to think there could be someone in your house and you wouldn’t even know it, I feel bad for doing this but I love my girlfriend and I’m literal melted butter in her hands.

Update: probably should have gotten up with her right away but chose to stay in bed... now I have to poop really badly. About 6 more hours to go though. Rip my bowels and my asshole. Also for some reason everything in her house fucking creaks, so I have to be very careful with what I do on the bed, sleeping position wise.

Update 09:54 am, about 5 more hours: I still have to poop, not as badly though. However a new probably has arose. I grabbed a hard boiled egg earlier when her dad was gone, two baby oranges, and a piece of Hawaiian bread. I ate the egg obviously because I can’t really eat all day, and most of one of the baby oranges, and two bites off the little square of bread. Tummy feels a bit weird. Hope I don’t throw up because it’s very hard to be silent while your guts spill on the floor. Also think of napping but too afraid I’ll let out a massive fart or make some noise. Girlfriend stopped replying due to class. I’ve given up the idea of escaping a long while ago. The dad is of no concern, pretty mid level threat but low for now. Mom is high level once she wakes up though. Hopefully she’ll leave for work but it looks like that might not happen as she isn’t awake yet and supposedly would leave at 10:30. 

Quick update 09:55am: mom is awake and went downstairs, I think she’ll make breakfast or something. Dad is talking to mom, don’t know what about. Hope they don’t try the door again, really feel like I’m gonna shit and throw up now.

Good update 10:03 am: good news, pretty sure the mom just left, pretty sure I can hear her dad snoring. I can finally relax a little. Might actually catch some shut eye. Off to play a bit of fifa mobile and then maybe sleep for a few hours.

Okay another update since it was asked for: 10:20 am, mom’s long gone for sure, dad’s asleep, not snoring but I’m pretty sure he’s sleeping. Unfortunately girlfriend hasn’t answered texts for the last two hours I think. Finally beat a team in fifa after playing them for the 20th time. Every time the air conditioner turns on it makes this loud ass noise so every time that happens I get spooked. I’m glad everyone is getting a good laugh out of it. Someone thought this post was fake, which is fine. Not really sure how to prove it’s real. As I said before hiding under the bed is impossible, the only place to hide is her closet which will be a tight squeeze. Hoping it doesn’t come to that. Dad will probably sleep all day, as he stays up all night talking to his friends in China so his body is in another time zone. Might just nap when the girlfriend comes home as she usually naps after class. Thanks for the good luck. See you in an hour or when something interesting happens. 

Updated 11:40 am: hello, my girlfriend knows this exists now so hello, enjoy my pain and these comments. So far dad’s still asleep, mom is at work, AC still spooks me. Here’s some answers to questions: gf’s birthday is late, yes dad works but “he can’t handle work” so he goes later (around 6 I think?), and I’ll make it clear now I’m not planning to escape, it would be stupid. I truly think gf’s dad doesn’t care enough to try and bust down the door. Also yes, Florida is a Stand Your Ground are but dad doesn’t own guns, just knives (I feel like I could run faster, used to play soccer and have been practicing boxing for years and more recently muay thai so I know how to run and fight). To those asking for proof, if you tell me how to upload a pic then I’d have no problem doing that. As for my poop situation, I still have to go but it’s not that bad anymore. Yes I have a bit or orange and bread left, and I have headphones that are supplying me with some nice Spotify service. Also, I played campaign mode in fifa, finally beat chapter 2 after 3 days. See you in an hour. 

Not really an update but I’ll post link to gf and I’d texts and her room door (had to reupload bc her face was exposed) [proof reddit](https://imgur.com/gallery/9Pv91je) 

Update AGAIN: uhhhhh I didn’t see a post that got deleted. I deleted the link to the pic bc it had her face in it, but I uploaded a new pic and posted the link up above. If this shit is deleted then uhhhh what the fuck reddit you wanna fight? As for my bowels, still gotta go but not as badly. I’m probably going to watch some YouTube or Netflix, since sleeping isn’t a good idea. I’ll update in an hour as always. 

UPDATE: try using your phone to view. Anyway GOOD NEWS. As we speak I am shitting in the toilet. Dad left. Pooping has never felt so good. I’ll update you when my girlfriend comes back.

Update: girlfriend is home, I pooped as soon as the dad left. Yes I know it’s stupid staying longer but now that my girlfriend is home I’m safe. For those who are asking why didn’t I leave when I got the food, there was a very tiny window to do things, and I didn’t have my bag packed. There will be one more update after this when I get home, the true safe zone. As for now the girlfriend and I are going to play fifa and chill until I have to leave. 

FINAL UPDATE: hello I am at my house in bed, nowhere near my girlfriend’s parents. I have pooped twice, it went well thank you for asking. About my girlfriend’s age,,, she went to school in China at first, and has a late birthday, therefore she’s making up credits and will be going to actual uni soon. She’s not finished university and gotten a degree, therefore, NO BOYFRIEND. For those of you saying she’s an adult her parents don’t control her... they do. As long as she lives there and they support her financially. Not to mention she isn’t white... She’s Asian (Chinese specifically). I myself am Italian/Cuban, so the same rules go for me until I move out (planning to before the end of next year).  Many of you ask why I didn’t leave when her dad left to pick her up, instead pooping. First off I had to poop so badly. Secondly I won’t see her for awhile, and recently she got hurt so I’ve been helping tend to her wounds so she doesn’t need to go to the hospital (mom’s a nurse, taught me everything since I was young). I wanted to be there for her in person. Also yes, her parents own a restaurant. I won’t post anymore updates (99.9% chance I won’t bc it’s over) but will reply to DM’s and replies :)

Final permanent update: yes it’s about almost a year later, she broke up with me a few months ago. I’m glad you all enjoyed my pain lmao just wanted to write this just in case anyone comes back to read this and is wondering what happened almost a year later. I’m currently happy, perhaps have a bit of a thing going on with a different girl, I’m mentally and physically better than when I did this stupid shit. I will never do this again, and I don’t suggest anyone else does it, I had about 5 heart attacks throughout the whole thing and it was a shitty thing to do, if I was the dad and found out I would be beyond pissed. Sorry Mr.Ex’s Dad. Yeah, I hope everyone is doing well, I’m doing better, enjoy your day/night :)



TLDR: currently staying in my girlfriend’s room while her parents are home, doors locked, dad tried to get in, parents don’t even know I exist, no escape route. Also have to shit really badly./nTL;DR at bottom.

I work in a corporate environment in the marketing department. A portion of what I do is handling the corporate website. One of our mid-level professionals (I'll call her Gina) has recently published an excellent research paper that is topical, relevant and insightful. It's a pretty big deal for her professionally, and the company as a whole.

Every year, we get professional headshots done to feature in corporate documents. It's one guy who does every office, and he's usually pretty good, but with 800 staff and unrealistic deadlines, he'll do colour correction, but no retouching.

So, Gina's paper is being published, and I'm called on to do all the marketing around it. This includes getting professional hard copies of the document, a social media strategy and some conference speaking work.

The thing is, Gina's headshot is a little... off.

As a thumbnail, it's fine, but when it's zoomed in, you can see a definite moustache. Not a little "maybe she ate a chocolate doughnut for lunch" mo, but a lip full of whiskers that you'd expect to see on a 90 year old woman who enjoys hitting children with her walking stick.

So, I can't exactly call up and ask if I should do something about this, as it's not really a conversation I want to have, and I'm also not known as the most tactful person. I'm very familiar with Photoshop, and use it all the time (I've got no Graphic Design qualifications though, so I'm very slow by comparison), so I go about just blending and masking her whiskers a bit. I'm zoomed right in on her mouth to clean up the zone.

I work in an open office, but not many people are in my immediate area. Still, it's not something I want to embarrass her about, so any time someone walks by, I alt-tab to a different screen, or move the pic to a different area.

Lo and behold, Gina decides to drop by with her feedback on the printed draft that she's marked up. As she comes by, I hear her footsteps and hit the scroll wheel on the mouse. She comes in and freezes, asks what I'm doing. I say Im just tweaking a picture, and when I look at my own screen, it's zoomed right in on her cleavage.

She gets louder and asks what the fuck I'm doing fixing her chest area. She then asks if I'm making her breasts bigger, or doing something shady. For some reason, I decide to avoid telling her the truth and just say I'm evening out the skin tone.

She dumps the hard copy draft and walks away.

About an hour later, I get an email from HR saying that I need to stop working on this project, and come in for an interview.  I ask if I can speak privately first, and explain the situation. I still get in a lot of trouble for fixing an image without her consent, and that Gina is more than her appearance, and a suggestion that it's sexist to try and "make her prettier". I acknowledge that, but also mention that I tidy up all images that are going to be blown up, men and women alike, but to be honest, I'm just trying to get out of the awkwardness. 

We have the meeting, and I had to explain the whole thing to Gina directly. She is adamant that she doesn't have a moustache (an to be fair, while sitting there, she doesn't. She's sorted that out in the days between the pic and this event). She then goes on to suggest that I altered the pic to add the lip hair as an excuse for staring at her chest (worth noting here, she wasn't dressed provocatively or anything, just normal corporate wear).

I then had to get the photographer to re-send the originals to the HR rep, and they indeed show her lip-bristles.

She's still livid, and HR suggest that I should jump off this project. 

I'm actually a bit concerned as to where this leaves me going forward, as she does have a bit of influence. I told my boss the whole story and he's assured me I'll be fine, in-between being sympathetic, and stifling his laughter at my misfortune.

TL:DR: Tried to edit a moustache out of a female colleague's professional headshot, didn't want to embarrass her by letting other people see, she walks by and I reflexively scroll down to hide the mouth and it looks like I'm zoomed in on her breasts. /nI was supposed to graduate with my Masters degree and had invited my whole family to attend my graduation. The only problem was that I told them all that my graduation was on Sunday because I actually thought it was on Sunday. People booked tickets, and cousins were coming from all over America. 

This morning I wake up at 11:30 and was casually seeing my Instagram stories to see everyone in robes. My official school account also was posting about people graduating today. So I went back to the email they sent a few weeks ago on the graduation dates -- turns out I missed graduation. I'm still lying in bed calculating the magnitude of my stupidity. I don't even know what I'm going to tell everyone in my family who's going to come down to "see me walk". I MISSED MY OWN GRADUATION!! 

TL;DR: Thought I was graduating on Sunday but the graduation was today.

Edit: JUST FOUND OUT THERE IS ALSO INDIVIDUAL DEPARTMENT CEREMONIES AT THE UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA. I MISSED THE UNIVERSITY-WIDE CEREMONY BUT I CAN STILL GO TO THE ENGINEERING DEPARTMENT CEREMONY ON MONDAY!!!

THANK YOU u/ifntchingyu/nSo this happened earlier in the week but is NSFW so posting on the weekend. Also on my throwaway acc. since I don't want this story going back to the IRL me.

So at uni as apart of their safe sex promotion, we get given condoms in our "welcome to uni" packs for students who live in the university-run accommodation. I'd always chucked these in my drawer for "future use" if the situation requiring them ever arose. It never has and so I took them home over summer and they've been sitting in my drawers at home ever since.

Anyway, I'm on intersemester break right now so I (19M) was back home, and poking around in my old stuff found some of them. I decided I'd open the wrapper since I'd never actually used one before or tried putting one on (parents took me out of sex-ed for religious reasons), and I thought it might be good to try one on and try out masturbating with it, so promptly opened the wrapper.

As I discovered, and the majority of the sexually active population probably know, condoms come kind of lubed already and for whatever reason I took a smell since I could kind of tell it smelt weird.

When I did this, I realised that I had not only smelt this scent before, but knew exactly how it tasted. I have memories of chewing on uninflated balloons quite a lot when I was younger (same with rubber bands) and the one memory in particular which became very vivid of was finding a balloon in my parents room and happily chewing on that. Except now I realise it *wasn't* a balloon and was in fact, a used condom. I felt pretty sick then.

I wish I could delete memories and that I'd never remembered/realised this.

TL;DR  got out a condom to try it out, realised I've tasted condoms before.

&#x200B;

Edit: A lot of people are asking how my parents use both contraception but also took me out of sex-ed. I have no idea how to label their breed of christian but it's definitely not catholic. I think it's something like evangelical or baptist or nondenominational.

I think the reasons for taking me out of sex ed was to shelter me from learning about sex in a non-religious context, such as not being constantly taught that "pre-marital sex is sin, homosexual sex is sin, oral sex is sin, masturbating is sin, etc." I'm also from New Zealand, not North America as a few have assumed. Here it's taught in year 9 and 10 (ages 13-15) which they decided was too early for me, although they never gave me "the talk" either.

The "balloon" was also found under my parents bed, not in a drawer.

Thank you for the awards, I wish they could make me forget, at least there is a small positive now from fake internet points./nSo I (M 22) work in a factory that is slightly short staffed, so from time to time some of the office staff have to come through to the factory and help out. One of these office workers is a (F 18) who we'll call Jess. So Jess was in the factory helping out and I happened to walk past her wearing some rubber gloves. Now Jess and I have a friendly bit of banter from time to time, and so as I was passing her she looked at my gloves and said 

"You look like you're about to go finger a cow"
(Which is a bit of a weird thing to say, but hey ho) 

So me being the master of wit that I am instantly thought "right, now's my time to shine! If I say the right thing I could turn this into a funny insult and call her a cow"
My brain decided malfunction and what actually came out was

"I'll finger you"

Not surprisingly this immediately drew a funny look from her and i felt my face start to glow red from awkwardness...
Because of the level of noise I  the factory I have sort of developed a loud voice in order to be heard. It just so happened that one of the machines cut out at almost the same moment and the factory went *relatively* quiet. Everybody in the immediate vicinity heard and looked over at me...
At this point I wanted to just crawl into a hole, but I stood my ground and tried explaining myself

"I meant that as though you're a cow, not that I actually want to finger you"

This seemed to clear things up for her but now everyone at work keeps making fingering puns and innuendo's. 
I can't look Jess in the eye any more. Works gonna be a little awkward for a while...

Tl/Dr:  female workmate said I looked like I was going to go "finger a cow" so as my attempt a a witty response I said "I'll finger you." Now workmates are ripping me a new one by constantly making fingering references

Edit: My first silver and gold! I'm glad my fuck up was able to entertain you all a little 😂 thank you, Internet strangers!

Edit 2: holy shit,  platinum?? Anonymous platinum giver, if you were a cow I would definitely finger you😂/nSo this has been going on since I graduated in May and started applying for jobs. I've submitted over 100 applications for engineering jobs around the country and I have not had much feedback. Well the vast majority of these jobs have you check boxes with disabilities you may have and since I have ADHD, I have been checking the box marked "Intellectual Disability" all these months. 


So about fifteen minutes ago I'm going through an application like normal and I get to the part where they ask about disabilities. This is what it reads: "Intellectual Disability (formerly described as mental retardation)". I feel sick to my stomach knowing that I've been applying for jobs that I really want and I have unknowingly classified myself as mentally retarded. I don't deserve these jobs for being so dumb and fucking up all these applications.


TLDR: I've been checking the "Intellectual Disability" in applications to declare ADHD when that actual means mental retardation. I've fucked up over a hundred job applications./nBeing half japanese, I take a trip to Japan every two years with my dad to visit relatives, sightseeing etc. Unfortunately I was never actually taught Japanese so having my dad there with me is super useful when I need assistance. On our trips my dad usually takes a day to go hangout with his old friends (we live in the US) and usually leaves me at our hotel or whatever. Today was one of those days. While laying in bed watching Pewdiepie’s minecraft videos I got quite hungry and thought to myself “I can go down to the convenience store and get some snacks by myself right?” Normally, yes. So I take a couple thousand yen that my dad left me and walk to the nearest family mart (for those of you who don’t know it’s a japanese convenience store.) I browse the shelves a bit and up buying a bento meal, mentos, and a diet coke. Checking out goes fine since I don’t really need to communicate, just hand over money. So as I walk back to my hotel in the middle of a crowded sidewalk my dumbass decided to pop a few mentos in my mouth just because. So I suck on those for a while and than without even thinking about the consequences I take a HUGE swig of diet coke, like so big that i can’t swallow all of it and it’s just sitting in my mouth. Than all of a sudden so feel a very weird foaming in my mouth. Than it hits me. I remember the experiments I did in elementary school, the crazy russian hacker vids, etc. That was the very moment I knew I fucked up. So before I can think literally anything else it’s foaming out of my mouth and I choke a little and end up just spewing out this diet coke foam. So obviously the people around me notice and come up to me and start speaking japanese. And of course I am sitting there, completely clueless. They were probably asking me if I needed help? I am dying of sheer embarrassment so I deadass just bolt back to my hotel with foam dripping down my face and clothes, im feeling sticky everywhere and life is not good. Once I get back to my hotel room and start to settle in I remember that I left my actual food on the sidewalk. So I just ended up starving until my dad came home and brought some leftovers. 

TL;DR: I mixed mentos and diet coke into my mouth in front of a bunch of people who didn’t speak the same language as me and sheer embarrassment ensued./nI bought a fleshlight back in February of 2018, using it on and off again for about 3 months until I decided to box it up for good. I had had enough of the joy the toy brought me, and had just started a relationship with my now lovely girlfriend.

Flash forward to yesterday, when I was looking through my old junk. I was bored and decided to do some (late) spring cleaning, when I came upon the box. I smirked and opened up the box to see my prized possession, the fleshlight. I put it aside for today, when I decided to use it. Out of lube, I went it dry, fuck up #1. Once I reached as far in as my lil member would let me in it, I felt a tickling sensation. Uneased I pulled out fast, giving my dick a rug burn type sensation. To my surprise, and disgust, I was met with a spider on the tip of my dick. Without thinking, I instantly flicked it off with my long ass fingernails, scraping the tip of my dick. In pain, I freaked out and let the spider get away.

My dick now hurts, and a spider is now loose in my house.

tl;dr - stuck my dick in a unused fleshlight just to find a spider on my tip, hurting myself in the process of getting it off


Edit: threw out the toy, couldn’t get the image out of my head...

Edit 2: found a spider in my room and killed it, hopefully it was the dick spider/nMy grandma died last year and grandpa’s tken it hard. Now he used to be the dirty old man sort of guy, so I thought getting him Nekopara Vol. 0 (A visual novel about catgirls) for Christmas would be nice.

A few days ago, we met up at a wedding. I see my grandpa. He starts excitedly chatting with me about the game and I think, “I did a good thing” and tuned out the rambling.

I shouldn’t have. We go back to my grandpa’s place.

Grandpa: Here are the new decorations I have!

Mom: Dad, what is all this?

Grandpa: Stuff from the game your magnificent son gave me!

The whole apartment was littered with Nekopara figurines, posters, merch and etc. He had a body pillow in his bedroom. Now my family looks down on me for converting my grandpa into the weebiest of weebs.

I learned today through text he picked up Eromanga Sensei. God help his soul.

TL;DR: I gave my grandad a copy of Nekopara. He went ape-shit and bought merch. My family now hates me for converting him into a degenerate.

Edit: Oh my, this has blown up./nBefore everyone freaks out - yes, I am on birth control. Also, apologies on format because of mobile blah blah.

This happened 30 minutes ago. I'm currently sitting in my car outside my gynecologist's office typing this.

My boyfriend and I both lead pretty busy lives. He works full time and often works overnight shifts. On the other hand, I'm a full time student that works 30-35 hours a week. On top of that, I had to put down my beloved fur child last Saturday, so as expected, he hasn't really been putting his wand in my Chamber of Secrets..if you catch my drift.

After an emotionally draining week, filled with lots tears and interspersed with sexual frustration, we finally had some time last night to, in Conan O'Brien's words, "take grandma to Applebee's." It's been a while since we had sex and my bf is not a fan of hand to gland combat, so unsurprisingly, he had a huge load.. As in, I felt his dick spasms as he shot ropes of jizz in me. When I was cleaning myself up after, I noticed just how much was coming out of me and when I told him he laughs it off and says," Haha, yeah, that was a lot."

Anyways, this morning I check my calendar and of course I have a gyno appointment. I'm the type of person that gets really anxious for any type of appointment and while psyching myself out for my handsome and young male gyno to take a peek at my vagooba, I completely forget about last nights sexscapade. 

Fast forward to the appointment and everything seems normal. I guess my gyno was training a Physician's Assistant because she was the one that did my pap smear. 

For the dudes reading this, a pap smear is when us ladies have to channel our inner Sasha Grey and lay on our backs with our legs spread wide open for our gynecologists' viewing pleasure. They then stick a speculum in, open up our love canals, and blindly stick a bristle-like swab in to take cultures. Ya know, nothing's better than having a complete stranger stick random objects up your terrified vag while they try to hold a conversation with you - always a good time.

Anyways, as she sticks the speculum in, her soft virgin eyes look mortified. My experienced gyno just carries on, asking me questions (keep in mind that he was not behind her but was to my left). Midway he stops, walks over to take a quick look, smirks, and goes," Do you finally have a bf?" (It's worth noting that he's a really cool gyno and obviously, I must talk to him about my sex life every check up; at this point, I wasn't sure if he had actually seen the semen inside me or was just making small talk). I awkwardly answer "yes" and he gives me his spiel about continuing my birth control/being careful. The new PA still looks semi-disgusted but has finished and is now pulling out the speculum. That's the EXACT moment that my soul leaves my body. As she pulls it out to throw in the trash behind her, I see my boyfriend's freaking baby batter DRIPPING off this thing into the floor. Once the speculum was removed, I proceed to feel a gush of liquid rush out of my pink canoe and pool around my butt. Yes, I was still spread eagle and you can bet that they both saw. 

The poor PA looks at my gyno and asks," Did you want me to clean that?," referring to what dripped on the floor. Before he could answer, I made a strange ass sound and rushed out," It's okay, I'll do it."

Before they leave, my gynecologist winks at me and says," Guess your dry spell is finally over!" We speak casually like friends so I'm not weirded out or anything but so embarrassed.

Guys.. I am seriously fucking horrified. What the fuck. I'm seriously considering switching gyno's but mine is so damn good at his job and we really get along. 

Also, not using a throwaway because I have no shame.

TL;DR: Boyfriend blew a huge load in me last night, went to the gynecologist today, and his cum literally gushes out of me.

EDIT: For those of you suggesting that this is an April Fools joke.. it is unfortunately not. My dignity is in shambles but I’m glad a few of you were able to laugh, cry, and cringe with me.

Also, yes, I did shower. My after-sex routine always involves a shower where I proceed to push my pelvic floor muscles like I am a reborn Christian, trying to expel the demon spawn that my sinful boyfriend had pushed into me. Although a hefty amount DID come out last night, apparently, not all of it. Contrary to popular belief, cooter’s are not wide, gaping holes, with lips that flap whenever there's a breeze. Washing the outside of your vagina does not clean the INSIDE which, if you're not dipping your 'nana into the Nutella jar, is where the semen goes. A pap smear looks at the inside of the vagina and a speculum is an instrument that basically spreads open the walls of your tight vagina so the gynecologist can get a better look at your cervix.

In my case, just like ~~Noah~~ Moses, that speculum split the waves and onto the path that was just formed, onward gushed my beloved boyfriend's high fructose porn syrup. 

EDIT 2: For those that don't believe this is true.. or that I am female (grrls don't use the the interwebz hurrhurr), here are the screenshots of me talking to my boyfriend after. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/TwRHKGz

EDIT 3: For those that STILL don't believe me:

https://imgur.com/a/yMZJvJK

Also, please don't speak badly about my gynecologist. You may think it's unprofessional but I've been seeing him for years now (prior to my bf, I was single for 3 years and I'm not one to partake in one night stands) and we're really close. As part of a regular check up for STD screening, he always asked if I have engaged in any sexual activity and for three years, I'd say no then tell him how much I longed for a relationship. If this happened in one of our first appointments, he would have NEVER acted like this. I have PCOS/am high risk for cervical cancer so I am constantly there for testing, ultrasounds, and general check ups regarding birth control/Metformin/etc. (we're still working on a method to regulate my period). He's become really close to me and we always joke around because it eases my nerves. It took us a while to get as comfortable as we are with each other and I wouldn't change it for the world. Though it'll always be nerve wracking to see any kind of physician ESPECIALLY a gynecologist, for me, it really helps that I view him as a friend. 

To clarify, bf and I had sex around 3am last night, I cleaned up, then we went to bed. Today (or I guess yesterday since it's 12:33am right now), was my day off so I legitimately woke up and Netflixed in bed all day until around 1 pm since my appointment was at 2.

Believe me or not, that's up to you. All I'm saying is I swear on my beloved fur baby's soul that it happened and I am still super embarrassed. In the years that I've been his patient, I have never seen this young female PA before. I do not know if this was the first time she encountered a situation like this but from the look on her face, I can only guess. I'm sure she'll become seasoned in time and things like this wil not phase her. The PA gave me my pap smear and I had to come back in a week to get an ultrasound for my PCOS anyway so if results were unclear due to semen, I'm sure we will redo the pap smear. My appointment was at 2pm but I was not seen until 3pm due to him having an emergency regarding a patient to attend to at the hospital so the exam was very rushed since he had a full waiting room. However, I'll be sure not to have PiV sex for at least 48 hours prior (very thankful for this advice as I genuinely did not know and this was my first visit where I am in a relationship ever).

I honestly was NOT expecting this to blow up like this in anyway.. I never even really post on Reddit, hence not using a throwaway since nobody knows I have this account *shrugs*. I guess this will become my "throwaway" account now since all this attention is making me a bit uncomfortable.

Some of you are criticizing my writing style and that's okay. I decided to have some fun with this post since it honestly was an awkward situation. I also happen to be a fan of euphemisms and personally challenged myself to use as many as I could. Sorry to those that felt it was hard to read or cringey and thanks to those that light heartedly laughed with me. I appreciate all of you - both the bad and good comments.

It was nice feeling semi-popular for one day, as things have been pretty gloomy around here ever since my dog died but some of your comments have really brightened my day. 

Goodnight Reddit!/ntl;dr: Accidentally sent my gf the picture of the engagement ring, kept her from opening it, had to come up with a fake surprise to throw off her suspicions.

&nbsp;

  So this was actually a few months ago. I (24M) had just recently bought an engagement ring to propose to my at the time girlfriend (24F). I was on the phone with a good friend of ours to tell him the news, and wanted to send him the picture of the ring as a way of telling him while talking to him. 

&nbsp;

  So I put him on speaker phone and clicked into the text thread, attached the picture, and clicked send. Welp, it was immediately after clicking send that I noticed the texts in the thread didn't look right. I looked up at the name at the top of the thread and my heart stopped: It was my gf. "Shit" I said over the phone. My friend asked what was wrong, and I told him I'd have to call him back. Tried finding a way to cancel the message to no avail.

&nbsp;

  As a last ditch effort, I called her, as the message did not yet say "Delivered". She answered the phone and I immediately said "Do you see the message I just sent?" "Yeah...it says attachment, why?" Immediately I blurted "Dont open it! Just delete the thread. Please." 

&nbsp;

  She sounded concerned, and asked "Is this something I should be worried about? You're kinda scaring me lol". "No, no," I said, "I just have a little surprise for you I was trying to show someone and don't want to ruin the surprise." She relented, but still seemed (naturally) very suspicious. "Ok, I deleted it. Didn't look at it." I know your first thought might be that she looked anyway, but I can 100% promise you that girl would never, ever lie to me. The 1 or 2 times I ever tried to tell a little fib to skirt around something (usually just not wanting to get nagged about something) she was highly upset about it and demanded complete honestly between us. It's just not in her to lie, and she's honestly terrible at it (ie: trying to keep anything as a surpise for me she cannot hide it to save her life).

&nbsp;

  So I had avoided the disaster of her seeing the ring, but now I had her HIGHLY suspicious of me, and needed a way to throw her off the scent. So I immediately went and found a cute little necklace on Etsy I knew she'd like, and bought it and had it shipped to her house. Later that week she got it and texted me, saying I was very sweet and she loved my surprise. Phew. A few weeks later I actually managed to pull off a surprise proposal against all odds, since she had been telling friends for a bit she suspected I was going to propose. Despite all of this, she was completely surprised when her "girls' day" with her bff ended with me proporsing at the waterfall near her house, and we came home to a surprise party with our parents and friends to celebrate.

&nbsp;

  When I told her about what that text really was and how I covered my tracks, she laughed, rolled her eyes, and called me an idiot. She was impressed with how I improvised and threw her off track lol. We're getting married next October :)

Edit: pics from the proposal/ring :)



[Proposal](https://www.reddit.com/user/sshep49/comments/ch0bnl/proposal/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)

[Ring](https://www.reddit.com/user/sshep49/comments/ch0br8/ring/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)/nLiterally happened a half hour ago.

Husband and I have been together 15 years.  We are both open minded and confident when it comes to sex so there is little we haven't done and we love it all.  Nothing is gross or weird with us when we're getting off.

He asked me to help wax his balls a few days ago.  I did.  Unfortunately the one section of skin came off with the wax strip.  It was about the size of a quarter but he's tough and didn't complain.

I walk out of the master bathroom to find him jerking off.  He's not home 90% of the year because of work so I, of course, wanted to help him despite staying up late drinking and fucking and therefore worrying the motion of a blow job or getting fucked might make me nauseous which would ruin the mood.  I thought "I'll lick his perfect balls and help by applying pressure to the base of his dick right under his balls".  

He's loving it.  I'm loving licking and sucking and cradling his balls, independently and simultaneously, in my mouth.

I feel something as I'm making circles with my tongue.  No big deal whether it's hair or lint whatever so I quickly pull my finger and thumb up to retrieve the foreign, unknown object.  As I pluck it off my tongue (trying not to miss a beat of our quality time) I glance at it.  It's grey and slimy, bunched up and longer than my longest fingernail.  It took a half a second to realize that I had literally sucked the scab off my husband's balls.  

TL;DR - Exfoliated husband's balls with my mouth./nSo, my 6 year old often likes to make up his own prayers at night time and it's adorable.  

So,  tonight,  he was kneeling at his bed in his jammies looking so cute I could just eat him.  


Him: "Dear lord Jesus, please watch over me as I sleep tonight. Please look over mommy and daddy and teachers and friends too and the friends I haven't met yet. 

Thank you for dinner and inventing minecraft ..."

*I chuckle lightly*

Him: *turning to me angrily* "IT'S NOT FUNNY!!"

Me: "I'm sorry sweetie, I won't do it again"

Him: *resuming his prayer* "And please don't let my toys come alive tonight. Amen"

And he hopped into bed. 

My stifled laugh sounded like a loud pig snorting, so I just layed my face down in his blankets and pretended like I was praying deeply as I tried to compose my self. 

Then I got up quickly trying to hide my face, and I sneaked one last look to say good night as I shut the door and he was giving me the death glare. 



Edit: Thank you so much for the likes, comments,  gold and silver!  I really didn't think it was going to make it to the front page ! 

I actually thought it was going to get removed or downvoted because of our religion! I didn't realize so  many people have such hate towards people who believe in a higher power! 😥 It convinces me to keep teaching my son to love and to show respect to everyone no matter what they believe in. 

 I had a lot of fun reading everyone's comments.  They were very funny.  I am very Thankful!😊😊

This is the cute little guy with his mama!

http://imgur.com/a/GrVLYpl


TL;DR. My son prayed asking Jesus to not have his toys come alive,  I tried to hide my laugh and he gave me the death glare.
!/nSo several years ago my best mate todd changed his name in my phone too "sexy jess from work" and then would ring my phone in the middle of the niggt to try and get me in trouble with my partner. But she was friends with him before we had even gotten together so she recognized his number and his prank didnt really  work out.

Fast forward 6 or 7 years to the weekend just passed.
Im sitting on the couch watching tv and my partner is upstairs my 8 year old daughter is bored so i give her my phone to play a game on.

Que fuck up.
I never changed todds name back. Its been a running joke between us for years.
So "sexy jess from work" calls whilst my daughter has  my phone. She freaks out. Comes running into the lounge room crying throws my phone at me and screams "i hate you dad!". She runs off upstairs.
So im sitting there really confused. After a few seconds i follow her upstairs. I can hear her crying then i hear my partner start laughing hysterically.
Now im really confused. I get to the bedroom. My partner just  holds up my phone showing a missed call from "sexy jess from work". I piece together whats happened and spend the next 20 minutes explaining to my daughter and calming her down then call todd back to tell hin how his joke has made it to the next generation.

Tldr : buddy saved his name in my phone too "sexy jess from work" several years ago as a joke. Today my daughter sees it freaks out and thinks im cheating on hwr mother.

Sorry for formatting on mobile.


Edit. Wow this blew up.

So yes my daughter threw my phone at me. Then picked it up and took it with her upstairs.

Im Australian. My daughter is in grade 4 and is quite intelligent. Yes she knows what sexy is and yes she knows what cheating is.

Sorry for the spelling and lack of grammar, im lazy./n12 hours before my first “grown up job” interview, I was sent a drug test permission form which stated it was to be done on company’s grounds. Considering I smoke weed daily I started looking up ways to pass a drug test. I came to the conclusion that I was going to need some clean pee, a small container, and a way to keep it body temperature. I had clean pee and an off brand 5 hour energy bottle (they’re just a tad wider) but needed temperature strips to monitor the temperature. 

Unfortunately I was unable to obtain any temperature strips in the time I had to prepare, but knowing that I wouldn’t be able to pass if the temperature wasn’t correct I had the idea to stick it up my vagina. I tested it the night before and even tied a string to it so I could pull it out with ease and everything worked great.

Fast forward to the interview.
It was an hour and a half away so I decided to wait till I got there to insert it. I did it in my car w some coconut oil before I walked in just Incase they decided to drug test me first. I walked in and everything was fine, I signed in and they told me to take a seat. As soon as I sat down I knew something was wrong. I went to the bathroom to make sure I could still take it out. I began pulling on the strings but the bottle didn’t move. I tugged again and the string broke. At this point I’m freaking out. I try getting it out with my fingers but I can’t reach it. The only “tools” I have on me are a mechanical pencil and a pen. So in a 3 piece suit and heels, I squat and begin to use these “tools” to try and remove the bottle. About 4 min go by and I’m really freaking out but need to go back Incase they called my name. I walk out and the HR rep sees me and asks if I’m okay. I tell her I have a tampon stuck up my vagina that I can’t get out and that’s why I’m freaking out. She then takes me to the nurse and tells me that hey she can remove it for me! Not wanting the target nurse to pull a bottle of pee out of me, I ask her if I can just try again myself, she says sure and hands me tweezers. Obviously that didn’t work. So she then gives me these scissors with a hook at the end and a disinfectant wipe... Still didn’t work. At this point I just have to do the interview. It lasted 3 hours and I had to take a tour of a 900,000 sq ft distribution center. 

When the interview finally ends I rush to the closest urgent care where I have to explain to the doctors why there’s a 5 hour energy in my vagina. At this point I’m convinced I just don’t have the right tools and they’ll get it out in no time. Upon looking, the doctor informs me that not only is it lodged behind my pelvic bone, but that it’s also sideways. Her first idea is to drill a hole into the bottle IN MY VAGINA and then fish it out. ~Luckily~ they just sent me to the ER instead. 

So now I’m at the ER where they then inform me that since it’s behind my pelvic bone getting it out would mean essentially birthing a 5 hour energy bottle, but since I wasn’t actually giving birth my body wasn’t dilated and they couldn’t remove the bottle without putting me under.  

Well, after 8 hours of having a 5 hour energy bottle lodged in my person, it was finally removed.
I didn’t get the job and I didn’t even get drug tested. 

TLDR: tried to pass a drug test by sticking a 5 hour energy bottle filled w clean pee in my vagina. After 8 hours, an urgent care visit, and a trip to the ER it was finally removed

Edit: this isn’t made up. Idk if I have all the “anatomy” right I guess? Yes it was very painful. Yes, I have pictures and medical paperwork for people who don’t believe me

I’m just telling you guys what the doctors told me. They might have just told me a dumbed down version without the right medicinal terminology, idk


I’m at work rn so this is all the proof I have for the moment lol 

https://www.reddit.com/r/gif/comments/bbd2n7/some_proof/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

Pt 2

https://www.reddit.com/r/Whatcouldgowrong/comments/bbdzwe/some_proof_pt_2/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

Deleted proof 3 bc I was getting a lot of harassment. I still don’t think a doctors name is confidential but whatever/nLink to original post. 

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/aalqdq/tifu_buying_a_23_and_me_kit_assuming_my_history/?st=JR8FCIB4&sh=3508d64a

So when all this went down, my sister and I asked my mom to take a DNA test as well. She agreed. As it turns out, my mom is not my biological mom. As I said before, it makes no difference to me because my mom is my mom no matter what. 

HERE IS THE KICKER THOUGH

My mom was wholeheartedly under the impression her eggs were used in her IVF treatment. She is contacting her doctor who is still in practice to figure out what the hell this means. 

I’m actually sort of sad for my mom, I didn’t consider this as an option in the realm of possibility. We are her daughters of course but I can’t imagine finding out at her age with adult kids that your biological line actually ends with you. 

So yeah, guess that’s all I have for now!

TLDR; Mom is not my mom and she is more shocked than I am. 

EDIT: I talked to my mom this morning and she’s ok, thank goodness. She said we’re still her babies! I discussed the idea of hiring a lawyer with her, she said she still has her IVF paperwork somewhere so she is looking for it. Her paper hoarding may come in handy this once! I’m just happy she is alright./nThe time has come. I’ve made it. I’m writing this from the break room shaking and humiliated. Not only did this FU happen today, it happened within the last hour. I don't see my therapist again until Friday, so you get to hear about it instead.

I work in a customer-facing position in a small office. Today’s just a regular Monday. Talking to customers, preparing their work orders, finishing their paperwork, all sorts of small stuff. At time being, I have three customers sitting in my waiting area.

The most recent addition to our quiet morning waiting room, we’ll call her Jan, has been here before. Or rather, her family has a customer history with us - it’s my first time meeting her. The name on their account is Hank Junts and I feel like I’ve met him before. I *know* that I've met him before. I browse through their history and they have extensive records, but for the life of me I cannot place his face.

After about ten minutes of idle clicking, I decide to search his name on Google with the name of our city.

>“Beloved Softball Coach Hank Junts passes away in tragic fire.” 

Headline from a local news station.

*Oh my god. Maybe that’s why I’ve never met her before. Maybe he always came in instead of her.*

The article is dated December of last year.

*Jeeze, it probably has been that long since I've seen him, hasn’t it. Oh how tragic.* Jan is probably only in her 40s or so. 

I wonder if I should say anything.

But I don’t have to say anything. I would credit Satan with the creation of auto-play videos on news articles, but Satan never did anything so heinous.

**In tragic news, Hank Junts, softball coach at Smith Middle School, passed away as a result of a house fire last night.**

At full volume - echoing through the small room like a bird that got trapped inside, bouncing and flitting around uncatchable. I cannot catch it. The bird has knocked a vase onto Mrs. Junts’ head. The bird has knocked me on my ass. There is a bird in my throat and it feels like my mouth is full of feathers.

*oh my god oh my god oh my god.*

**no no no.**

I frantically scroll trying to find the video player. Fuck. Found it. Pause pause pause pause pause you piece of shit.

*Oh yeah, that’s what he looks like.*

Jan looks up at me. I look up at Jan. The Earth crackles and groans as the floor beneath me opens and swallows me whole.

No, I’m not that lucky. I stammer something about being so sorry for her loss and run to the break room, where I now sit red-faced and horrified. I can hear her on her cell phone. She is crying. I am crying. I fucked up and just ruined my customer's day and have a new addition to the file of Horrible Things To Think About Right As I Fall Asleep.

tldr: Couldn’t remember what a customer looked like, wound up with a news clip loudly autoplaying how the customer died in a house fire - and I played it all of ten feet from his widow.

--

edit: okay I hate edits but now I understand why people do them. our FAQ of the day - no, my keyboard unfortunately does not have a volume button and I do try to keep my computer on mute. for what it's worth (i.e. not much at this fuckin point), the only reason it wasn't muted was because I was showing someone a coworker a video while we were opening. and yes, I probably shouldn't have done that either. 

there's a lot of love/hate about the bird thing. thank you for the compliments. if you said something mean I hope a real life non-metaphorical bird poops right on your head.

as far as what I'm going to do next. Mrs. Junts is coming back into the office next Monday so I'm planning on talking to her in person then. thankfully I have a some days to practice because tbh, even though logically I know it was an innocent mistake, it still feels awful and it's hard to think about facing her. my coworker said she seemed okay when she left. and yes, I know that it was probably a mistake to run away but if I had any good judgement about any of this I wouldn't have a reason to post here in the first place.

adding another edit because my selfloathing knows no bounds. No, those are not their real names. I'm pretty dumb but I like to think I'm not *that* dumb./nThis happened yesterday. My brother passed away in an accident a few months ago, he was only 35. Needless to say, it was - and still is - a huge trauma to all of us. My 6 years old nephew wanted to play a game in my brother´s (his father) phone, sister-in-law was ok with it, so I let him. All of the sudden, I hear him doing a monologue... went to check up on him. He was clicking on family member´s pictures and making calls. A few moments later, people started to message me saying they almost had a heart attack. Some didn´t have the balls to answer... my sister had to leave a work meeting because she started to shake. They were scared. They were surprised. The best was people´s description of the moment they picked up the phone and saw my brother´s name on the screen, thinking he was calling from the beyond. We all had a good laugh.

Mandatory edit:

Thank you for the gold.


Thank you for the condolences.


My brother´s phone line is still active, it´s in a family plan...  I won't be pestering my sister-in-law about this, she is having a hard time already and if this isn´t a issue for her, I sure won´t create one.  

TL;DR: Family freaked out thinking my deceased brother was calling them, instead it was my nephew using his phone.  /nI worked for a Workman's Compensation provider some time ago and there was a guy in my department - Todd - who was mildly annoying.  Nice enough guy, but just a bit juvenile.  He enjoyed pranks and was always trying to get a rise out of everyone in the office.  Little things like taping our computer mouse or asking ransom for the return of our coffee cup. It got to be enough, so I decided he needed some payback.

He paid out a claim that was HUGE and he was nervous about it. I don't know why, but it just seemed like an opportunity to me, and so I waited. About a week later, in a team meeting (everyone was in on it but Todd), I said that there were some payouts that were kicked upstairs for review and that it was a potentially serious situation.

A couple of days after that, I stopped and poked my head into his office and asked, "Did you payout x-amount on the Smith file?" He said he had and asked me why. I just walked away.

The following Monday, I had my plan laid out fairly well.  After sharing the detail with my brother-in-law, he suggested that I borrow his black surplus Impala cop-car and park it at the entrance. Then, early that morning, I went about putting crime scene tape across the door to Todd's his office.

I had the receptionist in on it too. When Todd came in that morning, she would look at him, then fumble for the phone, turn her back and mumble into the receiver.

Todd made it to the top of the steps when I rushed up to him and said, "Dude - go, just go!"

"What the hell are you talking about?" He asked.

"Just turn around and leave - drive, drive anywhere, just go!"

He shrugged me off, but I could tell that he was a little rattled. He turned the corner to see his office door blocked with crime scene tape and for a moment, he froze in his tracks. He walked past his office and around the corner, out of sight. He ended up slipping out through the stairwell.

He was gone for nine hours. I had to call his wife to get a message to him that it was a joke.

His absence meant that management got involved. I had to confess to being the perpetrator of the prank. I got a stern talking-to (my boss was trying really hard not to laugh) and I lost a vacation day as a result, but it was worth it.

Todd doesn't tape my mouse anymore.


TL;DR  I played a practical joke on a colleague and he took it seriously


*Edit:  I posted this thinking it might be amusing to a few of you and I wasn't expecting much of a response from it.  I have to say, I've enjoyed the pissy posts the most, the ones saying I went too far.  Yes I did, which is why this was a FU.  For any of you worried about Todd, he's fine.  This actually happened in 1993 and I posted it because Todd and I were remembering it recently (and laughing) and so I had it on my mind.  Yes, I still work with him (a different company now) and we've been friends for almost 25 years.*/nThis actually happened today.

So my gf and her mother haven't spoken much in the last few years. She lives up in Ohio and we reside in Florida. Well this past year, they have made a meaningful effort to reconnect and be closer.

The last time she visited, she saw an old Wii remote lying around and expressed how much she loved the Wii Tennis game. I always enjoyed the bowling game myself.

Now to the fuck up.

I thought it would be a nice gesture to get a working Wii and Wii sports game for the next time she visits.

So I text her: 

Me: Hey, guess what you can do next time you visit?

Her: What's that?

Me: Bowl me! If you think you stand a chance. >:)

Her: Excuse me?

Me: You heard me, lol.

So 20 minutes or so go by, and my gf calls me, laughing hysterically.

I never said "Bowl me" oh no dear Reddit, I wrote "Blow me"

Luckily, her mom is pretty down to earth, and laughed it off, but neither are gonna let me live it down anytime soon.

TL;DR: Got Wii sports for gf's mom visits, told her she could blow me instead of Bowl me./n

Not a fuck up that just happened, but one that I just realized happened. 

This Christmas season, and like the last few, I did almost at all of my shopping via Amazon. For friends and family that live far away I had their gifts shipped right to their house.

After spending more that I should this holiday season I haven't felt the need to buy anything until last week. I remembered I had a $50 Amazon gift card, and decided to get myself more boxer briefs and black long sleeve undershirts. I ended up with around $70 (Puma performance boxer briefs are super comfy) in my cart. A few quick clicks and one confirmation email let me know my order went through. 

Like I said that was last week. But as of today the package still hadn't gotten here. So I checked my order and it says that it arrived. I was pissed. I had issues with delivery in the past. But I live in a small apartment building and I didn't think anyone would take my boxes. 

And then I noticed the address it shipped to. Apparently Amazon auto filled in the last address I used:

 my Reddit Secret Santa. 

So one of you guys out there got a random shipment of underwear. If you could return them  PM me. I'd appreciate it. Otherwise enjoy some comfy boxer briefs.

TL;DR my secret santa got a surprise gift./nThis actually happened about an hour ago. I'm just now starting to come out of my humiliating shock.

So...I'm sitting at mass listening to the reading when I feel a slight grumble in my stomach,

"uh oh...gas."

No biggie, this has happened before, I'll either wait for a song and let it go or wait for the homily (sermon for you protestants) and sneak over into the bathroom and take care of business. But alas, my body had other plans.

We stood to chant the psalm, the pressure is building, I'm starting to panic, not sure if I can hold it. We finish the psalm and the church goes to sit and just as I land on the pew...

IT HAPPENED!

Now this wasn't a quick fart, it was one of those that lasted a few seconds, a cheek rumbler, and the sound was amplified by the solid oak pew. It created a lovely vibrato that echoed off the walls and filled the church with what could best be described as Gabriel's trumpet.

The church was quiet for a few seconds then the giggling started, I looked up to the altar and the priest was physically trying not to laugh, the second reader ascended the altar. At this point, there is muffled laughter all around...then...it happens...

The priest stands up at his chair, says "I'm sorry...I'm sorry...I can't..." and he runs off to the side entrance to the sacristy, I can hear him laughing.

At this point I decide it's a total loss, I shame facedly duck out of the back of the church, run to my car and have been hiding in my house ever since.

TL;DR  Farted during mass, made the priest laugh and now I gotta find another church. /nThrowaway obviously. This is a few months old but I feel like I have to get it out of my head.

So I know most people masturbate in the shower or in the toilet but I've always done it in bed. I am living with my parents so I guess I just like the privacy of my room. Then - and this is what I now realize is me being a fucking weirdo - when it was time I would just pull up the blanket, roll over to the side a bit and cum onto the wall/below the bed. I never really thought much of it and it never smelled bad so I just kept doing it because it was easy... Nobody noticed and people seldom visited my room anyway.

After some years of doing this I recently reached a few difficult points in my life and this exacerbated my masturbation habits. I used to only masturbate like once a week or so (maybe that's why it didn't smell?) but for a couple of weeks I started doing it every day, sometimes a few times a day. This usually wouldn't be anything out of the ordinary for a teenager but since I was always ejaculating on my wall/bed I began to get a bad cockroach infestation there. 

I didn't notice at first and since I've never had cockroaches before I didn't really know what they were but eventually I read up on the internet that cockroaches like to live in dark, moist places in the house and that made sense... At first I felt really disgusted. I wanted to exterminate them but I definitely didn't want my parents to find out what happened, so I tried to kill them by flicking them into a bowl of water and watching them drown. But then I felt really bad.



I don't know why but it felt like murder. I didn't really dislike the cockroaches. I had never even seen cockroaches before and they were kind of interesting. So I decided to stop killing them and kind of just let them be for like a week (at this point I finally began masturbating in the shower). I know this sounds really weird but I kind of began thinking of them as my children. It started out as a joke-thought but then it got more serious. Like, they were literally borne out of my sperm... so in my mind it made sense that they were my offspring in a way. I actually want kids when I grow up. And this was kind of like that - I used to bring them food and stuff from the kitchen and play with them by moving them around the room or letting them crawl on me and I just got really emotionally attached to them for a while even though they were obviously just insects.



Then my parents found out. I think my dad saw one in the kitchen and immediately freaked out and called the exterminator the same day while I was at school. 



So we had to move out for about a week to an Airbnb and I was really depressed the entire time but I couldn't tell them why. They thought I just didn't like the Airbnb.

TL;DR I jerked off onto the wall and got a cockroach infestation/nThis actually happened today and I’m still feeling the consequences. ..

While standing in the nude, waiting for the shower to warm up this morning I decided to try that toothpaste dance the kids do in the stands at hockey games. I was getting into quite the rhythm, doing really well and moving pretty fast. It felt invigorating... I noticed something was just a little off however, and started to make adjustments to try and figure it out. Turns out I had my hands open and flat and you’re supposed to have them in fists. Well, I made fists and it looked perfect for a moment until I proceeded to punch the life out of my dick as it was flapping back and forth due to the motion of my hips.  I immediately bent over, smacked my face on the bathroom counter and fell to the floor. Now I’m sitting here at work with a sore dick and forehead, feeling like a fool.

TLDR: Toothpasting nude, punched my dick and hit my head. Left feeling like a  dickhead.

Edit: TIFU and called Flossing “Toothpasting”

Edit 2: Everyone thinks I’m old... I am not, I was just a 30 year old posting his fuck up pre-coffee...

Edit 3: I can’t believe how many people have gotten actual toothpaste on their dicks. Apparently it stings./nThis happened 2 weeks ago and I’ve only just stopped cringing entirely when I think about it.

My boyfriend and I were visiting his (quite conservative) parents house for the weekend. I took a shower, and I remember feeling really smug because I remembered to bring all of my cleansing stuff with me, including my new cleansing brush. For anyone that doesn’t know what it is, it’s literally a small handheld electronic contraption with a brush at the end of it, and does a better job of cleansing your face and leaving your skin smooth af than if you just used a flannel. 

After using it, I wrapped myself in a towel and was sorting out my shower bag when I had the amazing idea of detaching the brush from my cleanser, and leaving both parts on the windowsill to dry. It’s important to note that I had the contraption body facing away, towards the window, so you could only really see the handle and then the back of the ‘head’ of it.

Anyway, everything’s fine for a couple of hours - boyfriend and I are sitting in his bedroom when his dad knocks on the door, gives me a really shifty look and then asks for “a word” with my boyfriend. We both looked at each other weirded out, but my boyfriend obliged and went outside to the hallway.

After a few moments he comes back in a bit red in the face, sits down on the bed and says “why did you leave a sex toy in the bathroom?”  Obviously I was perplexed, saying I REALLY had no idea what he was talking about. He was embarrassed rather than accusatory, and explained his dad had briefly described it as “pink with a big bulb” and then it hit me.

I too, went bright red and laughed rather uncomfortably as I explained what it was. Unfortunately, I didn’t realise his dad was lingering outside the door still. 

“You don’t have to lie BloatedRabbit, it’s ok but just next time don’t leave it around for everyone to see.”

“I swear on my life it’s a face cleanser!” I said, rushing up and retrieving it with the brush attachment. I handed it over and he looked really sheepish and apologised, and we both had a bit of an awkward laugh about it. My boyfriend then decides to take the jokes up a notch and say how stupid his dad is, and how he’s a dirty old man for thinking like that. His dad got a bit defensive, and his response still makes me want to crawl into a hole and die when I think about it.

“Well I’m sorry, but it looks just like one of your mother’s toys!” 


I’m not religious at all, but when I say I wanted God to beam me up there and then... I’m not kidding. I felt like jumping out the window. The whole energy of the room shifted. His dad made a hasty retreat as my boyfriend stood there gobsmacked, and we didn’t dare leave the bedroom again for the next couple of hours.

Worst part was we had a family dinner that night, and his mum asked me about the facial cleanser and where to buy one. My boyfriend and his dad put their forks down at the same time. Talk about awkward.

TL;DR I left my facial cleansing brush on the windowsill of my boyfriend’s conservative parents bathroom. His dad found it, thought it was a sex toy, and when boyfriend took the piss he accidentally revealed it looked like one of my boyfriend’s mum’s toys./nUnlike most TIFU posts, this happened just half an hour ago. 

I'm a 21 year-old male. I was out running my 2 miles. Headphones in, music playing, minding my own business. I round the corner at about the halfway point of the run and I see this big black duck looking at me. As I get closer, I think to myself, "Man, that's a brave duck, why isn't he running away?" I keep running and realize the duck not only isn't afraid of me or running away, he's running right at me. So I stop and squat down, thinking maybe he was hurt and needed help or something. This bitch ass giant fucking black duck takes a huge bite out of my leg. Like, not playing, drew blood kinda bite.

I'm thinking to myself, "What the fuck?" So I'm like, maybe he's just an asshole and I keep running think he will leave me alone. I start running again and the faster I run, the faster he chases me. I start sprinting and he is literally flying behind me attacking me. I'm thinking, "I've got enough fucking problems in my life as it is man, I don't need this shit" so I stop running again kinda like in disbelief trying to figure out what to do. In all my years of being a person, I've never trained for this.

This little punk ass duck is chomping on my ankles and it's actually really hurting. He starts grabbing my shoelaces and untying them as I'm trying to run backwards away from him. We've covered a quarter mile at this point. I try picking him up and throwing him back away from me every time he lunges for blood. I'm thinking, "How the fuck am I gonna explain this if I have to go to the doctor for a duck attack? I'm a grown ass man. This is bullshit."

I try running again and he keeps flying after me. I'm at a loss. I don't know what to do at this point. I'm manage to get my phone and start texting my girlfriend, asking her what to do. Am I really gonna have to kill this duck to get away? Like, I don't want to, but I might have to actually fucking kick this duck or grab it by the neck? Seriously?" We have covered 3/4 of a mile at this point. He bites me again and I drop my phone. I pick it up quickly. Who do I call? I've got fucking scars and cuts all over me. While I'm debating whether stand-your-ground laws apply to ducks, I hear a noise; Someone else was outside walking on an adjacent street and came to see what all of the commotion was.

This was a big mistake. The duck smelled blood, and gave up attacking me to chase after my savior. I saw my window and booked it home running the last half mile in 2:50 flat. I feel kinda bad, that duck has probably killed that dude by now. The last I saw of him was the look I took over my shoulder running away as he made the same mistake I did, looking down to see if the duck was hurt.

I cannot make this shit up. I would have recorded it, and I tried, but it's really hard to concentrate on unlocking my phone and trying to record video while you're being eaten by a fucking duck.

This is bullshit. I'm covered in cuts and bites. Most joggers are afraid of getting attacked by dogs, but this is something I was not ready for.

TL;DR I'm a grown ass man and got attacked by a giant duck and chased for over half a mile. I'm covered in blood.

EDIT: A small amount of proof from the initial moment of not realizing what was happening: https://imgur.com/a/SxZ7Y

EDIT 2: ITT: People what don't understand the difference between can't fight a duck and *not wanting to fight a fucking duck.*

EDIT 3: Not dead yet./nNot today, but Black Mirror subpost about season 3 being the best was trending yestersay, and I just remembered my fuck up. 

Said episode was "Shut up and Dance", where the young protagonist was forced to rob a bank, fight other people, etc. Because an unknown person hacked into his computer and threatened to reveal his dark secrets if not complied. 

Now, I don't understand how, but for some reason, the audio description was turned on when the episode began. So the narrator describes the characters' actions inbetween dialogues like, "Sister comes up and touches his hands" and whatnot. 

Had it been any other shows or movies, my wife and I definitely would had caught this mistake instantly. But of course, the Black Mirror always fucks with our minds, so we just went with it and hypothesized what the voice could be, and what the episode was trying to tell us. 

I think we came up with some absurd ideas like episode is about how we don't really have free will, only chosen ones can hear this voice, the narrating voice is the hacker, etc. We were basically focused only on the voice in the sky the entire episode. 

Well, the end was near, and came the twist. Normally, we would have gasped at the revelation (more surprising because there were subtle hints throughout), but not this time. We were like yeah, yeah, that's cool, so what was the voice? And to our complete and utter shock, the episode was over without any explaination about the voice.

We were quite dumbfounded at this point, because as complex as Black Mirror episodes go, we could at least understand the basic message it was trying to tell us, but this time we couldn't grasp anything. After some thinking and talking, we cut our losses and just moved on to the next episode where we soon found we are too dumb for this show.  

Tl;dr turned on audio description, thought it was part of the show and got really confused.





Edit: mostly lurker, I don't know if there are any etiquettes I have to follow through, I will upvote everyone's comments for now.

For those who says it's not TIFU, I guess it's mundane, that's true. Since some folks are okay with the change of intensity? Of fuck up, and so are mods,  I am at peace with it./nthis happened 30 minutes ago. literally. 

on mobile so forgive me for my sins. 

so, my beagle/pug mix is 19 years old & he's been my best friend my whole life cause I'm 22. so he's all old & fucked up. been hit by a car more than once. 
anyways, I was cleaning my T-bone steak of all it's fat. the fat came out to be about an 8 inch long strip, since it wrapped all the way around my steak. I thought, "man, Buster sure would enjoy the shit out of this steak fat!". so I proceed to walk my happy-ass out onto the porch, where my beloved ancient pupper resides. I proceed to lay this strip into his bowl, where he (QUICKLY for his age & condition) gimps his old self over to it. let me add; he's not one to just swallow some shit whole, so I didn't expect this, but I suppose he was feeling risky. so he's all excited as shit, gulping down this strip of fat, inch by inch. I'm watching him eat it cause I'm all stoked he's enjoying himself & feeling good. 

this is where it goes south. 

the little fucker didn't think about how many swallows it would take to down this 8 inch strip of steak fat. he's running short of air & starts swaying, stumbling around like a drunk Irishman.   I instantly take action & start heimliching the fuck out of this little sausage link of a mummified dog. it was enough force to make the end of this fat strip peek out of his throat. so I grab the fucker & tug it out. he's unresponsive & his eyes are all rolled back. I'm FREAKING THE FUCK OUT. so i start giving him CPR. (I don't know how to do CPR for humans, let alone a dog, but I gave it my best shot). so he starts breathing again & looks at me like "what the fuck just happened?!". the amount of confusion on this dogs face is something that will be seared into my brain til the day I die. he lays there for a second & I rub his neck (assuming it might be sore from the good tug I gave to that t-bone fat strip). & this little fat fuck of a canine gets up as fast as he went down, walks over to the fat I ripped from his throat, & starts going at it again. but much slower & more cautious this time. I monitored him the whole time & then got him some water to wash it all down. I gave him some love & he went to sleep. 

my life is seriously going to be very uneventful & boring when he leaves us. 

TL;DR I brought my 19 year old beagle pug back to life after he deep-throated a 8 inch long strip of t-bone steak fat.

edit; wow, thank you for the silver, kind stranger ;-;

edit; this post blew up. thank you so much for all the love, very pleased to know so many enjoyed.

EDIT; everyone loves Buster so much, I've created an Instagram for him that I will be posting on regularly. link is in the comments cause idk if my p9st will get taken down if posted on main post. you wanted da cult? you got da cult. many more posts to come./nThis fuck up took place 15 years ago when I was around 11 years old.   I had recently seen my father's penis for some reason as little boys often accidentally do.  It got me thinking about how small my penis was.    I decided I needed to do something about this.   I did some google searching and somehow learned about penis pumps.   

Now, my 11 year old self didn't really understand what this term meant.  I however knew that I had a penis, which had a hole, and I had a pump.   The pump I had, was a soccer ball pump.   The ones with the little metal needle.  Well I examined my dick hole and determined it could accept this metal object.   I stuck it in, it hurt a little bit.   I decided the pain would be worth it.   I pushed the pump handle down and pumped air in.   It inflated my urethra like a little balloon.   Since I was 11, I was not an anatomy expert.   The sensation gave me an erection, so I decided it must be working.  I inflated again.   It hurt a little this time, and now it felt like I had to pee.   I wanted results though, and people always say "No pain, no game."   I pushed the handle down again.   Now I really fucking had to pee.

I removed the needle and hobbled off to bathroom.   The sensation had given me a full on erection, the kind where it is hard to pee.   However, I really fucking had to pee.   I pushed super hard.   No man other than me likely knows the feeling of farting piss out of their penis.  I get to claim that I guess.   The air mixed with urine created a sprinkler effect spraying piss everywhere as the air and pee mixture escaped violently.   It really hurt my dickhole.   Amazingly the dickhole was not meant to rapidly expel air from a dick balloon.    I can confirm now that if a woman blows into your penis during a blowjob, you will not die.   Check mate weird middle school boy story tellers.

15 years later it still hurts when I pee occasionally.  I am considering going to a urologist one day, however I am not sure how to address the issue.   The last thing I would want to tell a medical doctor is the actual reason why my dick hurts every now and then.  

TLDR:   I thought my penis was too small so I inflated it like a balloon.    It hurt when I peed.  

/nThis happened a couple weeks ago...

My aunt and sister-in-law came to visit my neck of the woods, but I'd just returned from a business trip and hadn't been home yet when we met up. They wanted to see my new apartment, so we headed over to my place. I went back to my bedroom to change out of the airplane clothes (I can't be the only one who does this, right?), and notice I'd left a purple vibrator on my bedside table (my husband had jokingly purchased the brightest, most obnoxious purple vibrating eggplant he could find, because we're apart a lot for work and he laughs at my affinity for purple). I went to put it away just as my sister in law walked into my bedroom. Having family see you holding a vibrating jelly stick strikes me as odd, so I ducked down and went for the first concealing item I saw: my pistol case. I quickly and snugly tucked the vibrator in the foam-lined case alongside my pistol, stuffed it under the bed and went on my merry way. No harm, no foul, no weird looks at Thanksgiving.

A few days later, I'm headed to the gun range for some target shooting. I grabbed my guns, some ammo, and headed out. It was such a quick and seemingly insignificant moment with the vibrator, I'd forgotten about stuffing it into the pistol case (the gun is purple, too, btw). I arranged everything on the table, and opened my gun case. In what seemed like slow motion, I opened the gun case -- the dildo, uncomfortably stuffed alongside the pistol, rolls out of the case, perfectly bumps something (the table, I assume?), starts vibrating, and comes to a rest on the floor. Past the table. This means, ladies and gents, that it's past the area you can go; there is a purple vibrating dildo lying amongst the spent brass shells. While I was in my own lane, there were 15-20 people in the other lanes. For the briefest moment, recognition seemed to fill the area as the gun range fell silent... 15 people watching the hapless dildo vibrate and twist it's way across the shooting range. Fortunately, it was only a couple feet past the table, so I grabbed the broom intended for sweeping shells, pulled it back under the table, turned it off, and threw it away. Looks like I have to find a new range now...  

TL;DR - in trying to hide a dildo, I put it in a gun case and proceeded to spill it onto a public gun range. /nAlright, so this happened "yesterday" so its technically  YIFU. But whatever. 

So, a couple weeks ago i was swiping on el tinder when i saw a cute goth girl. Lets call her Lizzie. Anyways, i was fairly tired at that moment and only glanced over the bio. This was the fuckup. 

Lizzie and i match and get to talking. She is really nice, into the same nerdy shit i am, a fantastic shitposter, good conversationalist. and Very,Very cute. I'm thinking she is already my next girlfriend assuming things go well when we meet.

Couple days later we go on the date. Now, I've been catfished before, so I'm already expecting that she won't be as cute as she was online. Nope. She shows up looking fantastic. (Just like in the simulations!) We get sushi and are having a good time, so we decide to go back to my place. 

 After a drink, some anime and good conversation, we start making out. Things are getting...heavy so we go into my room, she takes off my pants and starts giving me head. Awesome.  She took off her bra, not flat chested either, double awesome. (BIG TITTY GOTH GF REEEE) Anyways I'm not the type to keep a girl waiting on her knees. (*tips fedora*) So i ask her to get on the bed and we make out some more and i go to take off her skirt. The next few moments were something like this:

"Uhh... whatcha got there..?"

"Oh my god i thought you knew"

*windows shutdown noice as my boner collapses*

"..nope. I had no clue"

Soooooo, she had a dick. Turns out, she did say she was trans in her bio. Pre op.  Been on hormones for a while and is going to make the switch. While im not transphobic or homophobic, i do have boundaries. I didn't freak out or anything. I assured her its fine, y'know shit happens. We ended up getting dressed, knocking back a few more shots and exchanging life stories until she sobered up and went home. Ended up friends after all was said and done. 

Always. Read. Bios.

TLDR: didn't read a tinder bio, got my dick sucked by a pre op trans girl. Took off her skirt, saw a dick.

EDIT: This is my first ever post on reddit. Cant believe its made so many people laugh. Glad more people got something out of my potentially awkward situation!

EDIT: A lot of people asked if i would consider dating her post op. Yeah. Why not? I felt like we hit it off. 

 UPDATE: she replied. Verified this is "Lizzie"

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/b1o3uc/tifu_by_not_reading_a_tinder_bio/eiokl6i?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share/nMandatory this didn't happen today, but rather a few years ago...

Back when I was at Uni my best friend (James) and I used to always try prank each other creatively by getting on each other's Facebooks/social media. Think things like messaging our friends with odd messages trying to sell them a ridiculous pyramid scheme , changing each other's profile picture, etc... you get the idea.

One day near the end of my final year, we are in his room about to go for a night out and James goes to the bathroom, leaving his laptop unlocked (with facebook logged in). I take this as my opportunity to execute my latest master plan - I was going to change his post settings on facebook to "only me" (i.e. his posts would be invisible to anyone else) and post something outrageous and completely inappropriate (knowing he has his family on facebook). Plan was that he would come in, see the post and freak out / get super pissed, for me to reveal the gaff to him and have a laugh.

However, I only managed to execute the first part of my plan (i.e. changing the setting to "only me") before he came back into the room, and I had to quickly exit facebook to avoid being found out.

Now, the fuck up was that we went out, got quite drunk, came back home, and I COMPLETELY forgot about this prank. Fast forward to almost a year later...

My friend is still at Uni (doing a masters degree) while I have moved to another city and started working. I should add that James is a big time electric guitar player, and in the last year got into recording videos of himself and posting them on youtube / social media. He messages me one day asking what I thought of his latest video on facebook. I went to his page and noticed there was no post... in fact, there were no posts for around a year...

I call him and tell him there's no post, to which he says that can't be, I posted it yesterday and am looking at the post now. I'm on the phone with him when it suddenly just \*clicks\* and I am immediately MORTIFIED - This entire time, I had left the "only me" setting on, and he hadn't realised. I hang up to compose myself before calling him back and telling him the truth.

For the last year or so, he had been posting several videos and had received 0 likes or comments. He had taken most of his previous videos down, had wondered why nobody liked his videos, if people just hated him since most of his friends graduated, if he was really crap at guitar... One thing he told me in particular was particularly heart-breaking - "I often layed awake at night thinking about this". I don't want to use the term depression too loosely, but it really affected him and he considered going for counselling.

Luckily he was good about it and didn't hold a grudge, and we now laugh about it. Bought him a lot of drinks next time I saw him though.

TL;DR  Forgot I changed my friend's facebook settings so that nobody else could see his posts, he thought nobody liked him and was mildly depressed for a year.

Edit: Grammar

Edit 2: I should add that I was of course extremely apologetic and remorseful after this happened, and still feel terrible when I think about it. He understandably was pissed at first, but realised it was completely accidental and was just a colossal fuck up. The "reveal" itself was over 6 months ago, I was reminded earlier today when I saw an obvious "stupid facebook prank". We still talk amost daily, and he is staying with me until he finds a flat once he also moves to the same city as me for work in a couple weeks (will make sure to keep my laptop locked though...)

Edit 3: Just to clarify, he wasn't just starting to play guitar. He has played since he was a kid and is genuinely a great guitar player. During his masters, he started filming cover videos/recordings as a hobby. His videos now get several likes and complimentary comments

Edit 4: So a lot of people have been asking for posting a link to his videos. After watching this blow up, I called my friend and linked him the reddit. He is amazed and wants everyone to know he's fine. He isn't keen on me sharing his actual profile for privacy reasons, but said I could post some (starting with one) of his videos on a separate youtube account and linking it to this post. Here is the cover he wanted to share with me that exposed the fuck up: [https://youtu.be/eH\_m88IUoVk](https://youtu.be/eH_m88IUoVk).

Edit 5: Final video, a much newer cover he did for his girlfriend: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHDpMmSuNoI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHDpMmSuNoI)/nMost TIFUS don't get posted the same day they happened, this one is no different.
Flash back 3 and a half years ago to our fall league of softball. My wife's family always has a softball team every year in their church league and our team consists of my wife, her 3 other sisters, their husband's, my father in law, myself and normally one random girl that normally changes from year to year.

Just a little back story, my wife is 135 lbs but also has a generously large behind for her size and I being a male, enjoy smacking it for obvious reasons. (told you it was a little back story) 

Cut to me making the 3rd out by catching a fly ball in left center and jogging into the dugout behind everyone. Upon reaching the dug out, I see my wife in front of me walking in. I decided to take my baseball glove, reach back, and slap her on the ass.  Immediately something felt off. I've smacked my wife's ass a lot, she enjoys it and she knows I enjoy it. The reciprocating ripple that normally can be felt when slapping her behind normally was not felt. My wife's sister turns around (who is much much MUCH more conservative when it comes to intimacy or even being premiscoous) and my jaw drops. 
"I.. Uh... Thought you were.. Zelda" I babbled 
I start panicking because I just spanked my sister in law's ass in front of the entire game and didn't want to be murdered by my wife. I turn some shade of red and started contemplating how to injure myself so I could get away from my soon to be death. 
Luckily my wife and all of her sisters are practically clones of each other, blonde hair blue eyes, and extremely beautiful (my wife being the best out of them all) they have been mistaken for each of the other ones their entire lives.
They all laugh and I am still made fun of every time we play. I now always make sure to look at my wife's face prior to spanking her bottom (in public) 

My wife loves bringing this story up to embarrass me now. 

TL:DR smacked my wife's sister on the ass because they all look the same and have the same body types, didn't get murdered but get made fun of to this day for it still/nGreatest/worst thing ever just happened to me, so buckle up folks..it's story time:




Girl on a dating app tells me in the first few messages that I'm really cute (true) and interesting (also true) and asks me to meet her at 1140am for coffee at a random McDonald's. When I ask if she's a 45 year old man trying to harvest my organs, she proceeds to send me 15 pictures in a row that look like they're straight from Facebook. Because that's how you convince somebody you're real (not true).




Now normally I don't accept propositions like this because I'm thinking "what's the catch?" Well, I decide to live a little on the YOLO side...and since it's right next to a Subway Sandwich shop I think that the worst that could happen is it's a 45 year old lonely man, I give him a big hug because I know the feeling as a 25 year old lonely man, get a tasty sandwich, then go home. Apparently that was NOT the worst thing that could happen.




I show up. She shows up. She's real. I'm surprised. I buy her coffee because I subscribe to traditional gender roles unless requested otherwise. She uses her McCafe frequent buyers card so she gets stamps. Its cute. While the guy is making her drink, she tells me to go find a table outside in the sun. I go outside and find the perfect goddamn table because I'm a romantic at heart. 5 minutes later. 10 minutes later. 15 minutes later. No girl. I text her the typical guy message "lol u get lost???". No response. Turns out she took the coffee and left.




So I'm not saying it's bad to leave a date if you feel uncomfortable or aren't attracted to them. It's totally your decision. But I don't think that's the case...I think this girl is a serial McCafe dater. And I don't think this was her first time. It was too professional. Too clean. It was the perfect McHeist. And I'm starting to think I'm not even mad...she didn't steal my credit card, or my organs. Just a few euros.




And my heart.

([for those who can't read good](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dLu-wIaSRC8) /u/CyaeLDobson)/nShort and sweet one: Today, my girlfriend and I were presented the rare treat of an empty apartment, and thus decided to get nice and loud.  As she was riding me cowgirl, I decided to give her ass a nice hard slap; however, as we were being rougher than usual, she was bouncing up and down in a manner that made it hard to hit her bum.  Thus, on my attempt at spanking her, my hand instead collided against my left testicle.  Instantly, a pain shot through the core of my very being, causing me to cry out in pain.  My girlfriend, being the epitome of love and sympathy that she is, immediately collapsed on the bed cackling like a mad witch while I cradled my bruised babymakers.

Tl;dr: Attempted a blind slap on a quickly moving bum, bitchslapped my testicles instead.

Edit: apparently, everyone has been slapping their testicles lately, so I'll just go ahead and say that my left nut and I sincerely wish I WAS reposting./nThis literally happened about 15 minutes ago. I was walking behind this lady pushing a pram with a kid inside playing with a helium  balloon. I suddenly see her baby accidentally let go of his balloon so I instantly turn on my hero-mode and extend my hand to grab the balloon string. It was a really epic and glorious moment and in my mind I was already playing out how cool I looked and how the lady would thank me for saving the balloon. Unfortunately, I did not manage to grab it in time. I did however end up with my hand in a closed fist straight into another man's cheek who was walking next to me. Now there's a crying baby in front of me and a very shocked, confused and upset stranger beside me. I think after the initial shock he did realise I was only trying to do a good deed so he didn't say anything to me but either way I immediately slowed down in embarrassment  and let them walk ahead of me...I am the hero this city does not need.

TL;DR Tried to save a baby's balloon from flying away but ended up punching a stranger in the face./nI live alone and like to set up my place as 'smart' as possible. So I have smart lights, speakers, smart locks and some other stuff set up. I set up a few 'joke' routines on Google Assistant that I would show my friends for a laugh.

&#x200B;

My whole family came over on the weekend and I was showing my 5 year old nephew how to use Google Home to change the color of the lights. Which he thought was the greatest thing in the world.

&#x200B;

So cue the whole family coming to my bedroom to see the little guy having the time of his life. He says 'Hey Google!' followed by what sounded like a bit of gibberish. But Google Assistant thought he said 'wank mode'. Which just so happens to be one of the 'joke' routines I set up.. It gets triggered by saying either 'wank mode' or 'jerky jerky time'.

It basically goes like this.

&#x200B;

Google Assistant says 'Engaging wank mode, my Lord'

Front door locks

Bedroom light turns to 100% brightness and turns red

Bedroom speaker plays  Led Zeppelin - Immigrant Song

&#x200B;

The awkward silence during those moments is something I will never forget.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Whole family believe they saw my ideal jerky jerky conditions thanks to Google Assistant.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you for the silver and gold. For those asking how to set routines up with Google Assistant, it's pretty simple using the Home app. Just Google 'Google Assistant routines' and it will show you the steps./nim keeping names besides mine out of this for privacy. i step outside to smoke a cigarette on my front porch roughly 2 hours ago and as im trying to get my lighter to work i hear crying first off my front porch to my house is enclosed by white gate wall with little holes same for the door so nobody can even see through from the outside, however i can see through from the inside ( it's nice to be able to catch scumbags trying to break into my car in the middle of the night because of this) anyway, i look for the crying it didnt sound like a child it sounded like a full grown woman. i quickly find out who is crying directly across the street from my house to the right 1 house i see my neighbor's significant other on her knees crying like she was. A. beaten up, or B. devastated from something such as a breakup. i heard yelling and stuff breaking last night. i assumed the latter. so i wanted to check if she was at the very least unharmed. i usually keep my nose out of peoples business but the inner captain save a hoe in me kicked in for some reason TBH i try to look out for my neighbors regardless my reasoning behind it is because you live next to them so you may as well be social once or twice just to know if things are going to be chill.

i walk across the street and introduce myself i have not spoken to these people before because they are never home until almost midnight and they leave around 6 a.m. damn near everyday they were very quiet and not nosy in anyway so i never attempted to talk to them when a opportunity to do so in the past arose. i say "hi im taylor, i apologize for the intrusion i just want to make sure you aren't harmed." clearly very upset she hardly could speak clearly and started to try to say "he doesn't want to be with me anymore" im relieved to know she is fine physically so im ready to say "best of luck" and head home. not even 5 seconds pass and the front door opens swiftly and its the neighbor he starts yelling is this the motherfucker you're seeing?.. how did he come to that conclusion? ( if i recognized his face sort of why cant he? ) i try to immediately say "im your neighbor i was just trying to make sure she was unharmed." then the woman FUCKS ME OVER dragging me into the drama further she yells " yeah, this is taylor and hes way better than you in everyway!" my face turns red out of anger my eyes wide open and mouth agape, why the fuck would you say that? the dude likely interpreted that as why did you just tell him the truth im sure thats how he interpreted it because just as i finish saying WTF to this woman I GET PUNCHED SO FUCKING HARD, i should have seen it coming he was visibly very angry. 

&#x200B;

( now I've done time in prison so i am no stranger to fighting the only reason i mention this is because i want to shed a little perspective on my lifestyle and the reasoning behind my following decision to take matters into my own hands. i do not call cops, i do not ever run from a fight. i never ever ever stick my nose into other peoples business and i broke that rule over a woman crying.)

&#x200B;

i am on someone elses property i get hit. well i have cameras outside my house and i know that his house is within full view so i could have just called the cops and been done with it but no this is something i considered not one bit. i unloaded on this guy he was the same size and build however i was probably in better shape than him aside from my lungs. this woman that made things worse is now full blown hysterical she wailing and crying louder and harder than before and i just beat up my neighbor he beat me up too but this wasn't my first rodeo and this guy was a suit and tie. soft hands no calluses he absolutely made good choices in life and is more successful than me financially but he made a huge mistake as well as i. the noise from this other woman drew the attention of other neighbors now i know most of the immediate surrounding ones except 2 and guess which neighbors came to investigate?take a wild fucking guess? the neighbors i dont know and they are on the phone. (FUCK..........MY...........LIFE) i decided ill go home and pull up the recording so if the police show up i have some sort of defense. i have a record and things look bad im expecting to go to jail for trespassing, assault you name it.

10 minutes later a patrol car arrived and a cop bangs on my door i have the recording on my phone so all i have to do is hand the phone to our officer and let fate decide. i gave my statement in cuffs and im in the back of the car for almost 45 minutes im thinking this is it im screwed. then the magic happened a second patrols car shows up and both officers start talking and watch the video i asked them to look at i know the first officer already saw the video almost right away so im thinking yes they believe me and dude is gonna get his. sure enough they place him in the car and the officer comes over opens the door for me and says step out  unlocks the cuffs and said im not under arrest and that my video saved my ass then they cuff the woman and throw er in the car i was in i asked why she was getting arrested she wasnt in the fight directly. and then i heard the scummiest most absolute piece of garbage thing ever. they both, the couple, tried to say i attacked the dude threatened the woman and i was trying to threaten them from calling the police WHAT THE ABSOLUTE FUCK. an hour ago they were against each other to the point where the woman was getting kicked out of the house. and they actually tried to get me thrown in jail. now the officer said that it looked like what they were saying was true or close to the truth when they watched the video but the audio is what made sure i was innocent they where able to hear part of  the conversation because of their yelling. NEVER AGAIN, NEVER WILL I ENTER DRAMA AND IF MY NEIGHBOR IS SEEN AGAIN I WILL ENJOY SCARING HIM WITH INTIMIDATING LOOKS.

&#x200B;

TLDR - I saw a female neighbor that i didnt know at all crying. went to see if things were fine and it turned into getting puched, almost arrested with accusations of assault and threats/nThis happen to me about an hour ago. My car broke down and had to call Uber for a ride across town to work (which is about 40 minutes away). I work for a pretty big company and when he saw the address the conversation started. *(For my privacy and the privacy of others, I'm going to change the name of my job and the people I'm speaking of.)*

UD: "Hey man, you work *JOB*? How do you like it?"

Me: "It is pretty good. Pay is great, people are nice...can't really complain."

UD: "Bruh that is really good man. Gotta work hard these days, don't know if you'll have another chance, you know?"

Me: "Yeah man. I get you."

UD: "I actually got a friend that works up there. He use to make websites all the time and he was excited when you guys hired him."

Me: "I'm glad to hear that. What is his name?"

UD: "My boy Frank."

Me: "Frank...Gallagher?"

UD: "Hell yeah, he is super smart and had a streak of bad luck with jobs. Then he got hired there and we knew he was set."

Me: "Um..When was the last time you talked to him?"

UD: "Its been about 2-ish years. Me and my girl had a kid and lost contact with a few people but now that you reminded me of him, I'm going to hit him up soon."

Me: "I don't know if that is possible, Frank died like 2 years ago."

UD: ".....What? Nah man. We must be talking about two different people."

Me: "I've been working there for a while and we have had only one Frank Gallagher to work for us. He died in the summer of 2014 I believe."

UD: "No, he didn't. I'm going to call him right now because I'm pretty sure we are talking about two different people bruh."

**calls Frank on his phone and the number is disconnected**

UD: "He probably didn't pay his bill. You know how us black people are with our bills and shit. Hahaha"

Me: "Ummm...I trained him when he was hired. I'm sorry you found out this way but he was the only one."

UD: "He wasn't some young dude. He is about my age, like 40..."

Me: "or early 50's? Black, slender, short with salt and pepper hair. Chipped tooth? Yeah, Frank. I know him because I really like him. Worked harder than any other young guy I've ever trained. He died, man. I'm really sorry you found out like this."

**Uber Driver starts to cry and pulls over**

UD: "I....what...we were around the same age. What the fuck?!"

Me: "I'm sorry...I don't know what to say" *looks at the clock on my phone*

UD: "He is way to young to die man. We are both in our 40's bruh.*

He eventually collected himself and kept driving. Still got to work on time. I took a picture of Frank that I had on my desk and sent it to him, so he could realize we are talking about the same person.

**TL;DR** I, a stranger, informed a friendly Uber driver that one of his friends died and we shared a very emotional car ride together. 
 
**Edit** name and grammar

**UPDATE** This has really blown up. I didn't expect this post to have so many responses or all the weirdly negative inbox messages I received that say "Kill Yourself asshole" or "Scum for doing that to a person". [I screenshot'd the text message between the Uber Driver and I.](http://imgur.com/gallery/ErXBP) Wasn't mean or anything, he just wanted me to be certain about "Frank". /nObligatory this happened 7 years ago, as my son is now 9, and this decision has now come back to haunt us.

Background filler:


(I graduated law school in December 2007 and passed the bar exam in February 2008.  I kept my BarBri materials as I was going to trade with a friend who took the bar in a state I was debating taking it in, but that never worked out, so they remained in the office.)

The Story:


Our son was born in 2009 and this happened in 2011-12.  He was not any easy child to get to go to bed and we would often read to him for hours.  One night I had enough and decided to find the most boring thing I could, so I pulled out my Barbri Book on Contracts and started reading it.  He was fascinated and demanded I read more and more.  He'd ask questions, like any good Dad I answered.  So I was teaching my 2.5-3 year old contract law, and eventually more advanced contract law.  

Fast forward to Kindergarten.  He got upset with his teacher one day because she entered into a verbal contract to give them an extra recess if they did X and Y.  Well they did, but it rained, so she couldn't give them the time.  This did not sit well, as our son proceeded to lecture her on the elements of a verbal contract and how one was created and she breached it.  She had no answer for him, and we had a talk about it with her.

Unfortunately, this behavior didn't stop.  He would negotiate with adults for things he wanted, and if he felt he performed his side of the contract, he would get angry if they breached.  He will explain to them what the offer was, how he accepted it, and what was the consideration.  And if they were the ones who made the offer, he would point out any ambiguity was in his favor.   When they tried pointing out kids can't enter contracts, he counters with if an adult offers the contract, they must perform their part if the child did their part and they cannot use them being a child to withhold performance.  

This eventually progressed to him negotiating contracts and deals with his classmates in second grade**.  Only now he knew to put things in writing, and would get his friends to sign promissory notes.  He started doing this when they started doing word problems in math. He knew these weren't enforceable, but would point out his friends did not know this.   We eventually got him to stop this by understanding he couldn't be mad because he knows they can't form a contract.  

It culminated in Third Grade when he negotiated with his teacher to have an extra recess.  This time, he remembered to have her agree that she would honor it later if it rained (which it did).  So then she said she wouldn't, and he lost it and had to see the principal.   Who agreed with him and talked to the teacher.

Now that this happened, we had to also see the Principal to discuss this.  She is astounded how good he is at this, but acknowledges we need to put a stop to it*.  So it is now put in his Education plan that adults cannot engage in negotiation with him as he is adept at contract formation and tricking adults into entering verbal contracts.  

TLDR: I taught my 2-3 year old contract law out of desperation to get him to go to bed.  When he got to school he used these skills to play adults. 

Edit: *When I say put a stop to it I mean the outbursts when adults don't meet their obligations in his eyes. The principal encourages him to talk out solutions and to find compromise. 

Edit 2: **Clarified the time line and added context. /nSo obligatory this happened yesterday but I’m still traumatised as I’ve never really encountered confrontation on such a big scale.

So let me set the scene first. I live (and grew up) in a fairly densely populated city in Europe that has a good amount of nature patches. The people are genuinely quite friendly and usually not too short-tempered unless strangers (a.k.a non-locals) are involved. The location of this FU was a pretty busy junction just down the road of my flat - think two car lanes, cycling lanes, and pedestrian crossing. Anyway, it was just before rush hour, around 4 pm and the sun was grilling everyone in Europe (climate change - yeiy) for the past 3 weeks.

I was strolling down the road towards the junction completely blanking my surrounding as I was trying to come up with the perfect dish to surprise my gf in the evening. Picture that quiet guy just minding his own business, head down, focusing on every single step - yep that’s me. Suddenly, I bump my head into a rock - or so I initially thought. I look up. It was the largest man I’ve ever seen - about the size of the mountain from GOT. He looked like a bodybuilder on steroids with a side of extra muscle (let’s call him ARNIE). I was startled for a second before I see his buddy (let’s call him SLY) who was quite a bit shorter but just as wide as he was tall - so still quite intimidating for an under-the-radar-guy like me. “Oi, watch where you are going” I bellow (jk, obviously Arnie did). So being super alpha and dominant I mumble “Sorry” and move around them to continue my walk to the supermarket. “I mean how the f\*\*\* was I meant to walk past them when they literally block the whole pavement standing next to each other.” I think and kick a chestnut out of frustration - metaphorically releasing and passing on all my problems. And oh boy that worked - somewhat. What happened next I could not have imagined in a thousand lifetimes. Hey, I mean even with the current AI technology I doubt they would have been able to predict that outcome.

I see the chestnut flying Roberto Carlos style towards the junction (hell, I heard the crowd roaring) and IMO it probably even broke the sound barrier. While the chestnut was still in flight I raise my hand in pride having reclaimed my manliness with this superb treasure of a shot. And I’m talking the eager-please-pick-me-keen-bean-Susan from middle-school hand raise (no, Susan mayonnaise is not an instrument).

Suddenly everything kept coming down.

The chestnut flew past a motorcyclist (around 3 feet high) who must have registered some kind of movement in front of him and he immediately hit the break. Remember how I said they had nature patches in the city? Well, the city installed sprinklers to keep the grass hydrated and green, but they somehow have their own spirit and love releasing water into the most inconvenient directions.

You guessed it, despite almost 40°C there was a puddle the size of a small American town right there in front of the breaking motorcyclist. His breaking turns into sliding, into rotating, into falling and finally into that metal-to-asphalt-screeching halting. Behind him, a red car doesn’t manage to break in time but does a Fast and the Furious drift and slides past the motorcycle also coming to a halt in the middle of the crossing around 5 meters away from the motorcyclist. Then my attention is caught by the opposing lane as the red car just cut off a blue car’s path who does the same drift (thanks to the puddle) and ends up head-on with the bumper wrapped around the traffic light post. By a miracle of God (or chance for the atheists) the post was harder than a dick after a two-week dry period and withstood the incident without giving in. Yet the ten or so pedestrians waiting behind it scattered away with two stumbling over each other and falling flat faced. What followed after this was the loudest concert of honking cars and screaming, followed by screeching breaks from all directions.

And then a split second of silence.

Until I hear a majestic roaring that Simba would be proud of: “DUUUUUUUDE, WHAT THE FUCK!!!”, yup Arnie and Sly walk up behind me and instantly get the attention of about another ten surrounding pedestrians that just at that moment exited the supermarket next to me. They start to explain what they saw to the others ('me causing this accident on purpose and celebrating') and suddenly an elderly man (let’s call him Miyagi) grabbed my wrist with the iron grip of a Cyberman.

At that moment my life flashed in front of my eyes. My future, my spotless criminal record, my clumsy soap handling skills and my virgin butt hole. I was not going to make it a single night in prison.

Suddenly the commotion starts - picture a Real Madrid vs Barcelona team vs. team fight - all traffic stops, everyone gets out of their cars and comes towards our little ensemble - shouting. I’ve never seen a crowd agree that fast on anything but within 30 seconds everyone was pointing at me with red faces, anger in their eyes and most of them looked like they were going to release their Super Saiyan form on me while I was still trying to flee Miyagi’s claws (I know, statistically not all of them could have been Super Saiyans but still). What I haven’t mentioned yet is that I actually look fairly mixed-race and live in a very white neighbourhood - so within another 30 seconds many of the screams were more racist than incident related (immigration and progressive Europe - yeiy). Throughout I just kept silent and head down as about thirty people by now were surrounding me (still triangled by Arnie, Sly, and Miyagi) so that my voice would have drowned anyway.

After about another 5 minutes which felt like an eternity the golden opportunity arrived. I think Sly took some pity with me and signaled a countdown with his left hand so only I could see and pointed into his direction. I am no fighter but I took one class of Wing Chun back in high school and in a spark of genius it all came back to me that moment. ’trap the dragon’s head, the tail bites - trap the tail, the head bites’. As Sly got down to his last finger I do the Kung Fu twist with my arm, break Miyagi's iron grip around my wrist and start dashing towards Sly. For a split second I thought I’d run into a muscle wall for the second time this day but in the last moment, he moved his 300 lbs. out of a way with the swiftness of a ballerina (damn, I was impressed). And then the sprint of a lifetime started. I was Powell, Bolt, and Blake at the same time. I ran like my butthole depended on it (well it kinda did). Luckily the mob never bothered to stand behind Arnie and Sly cause they figured I’d never get past them, so I didn’t actually have to tackle anyone on my escape (no potential assault charges - yeiy) and continued down the road. I see some people follow me (pretty sure they had no clue about the chestnut but they just thought I was somehow involved) so I kept running and I had a good 100 m head start. I was just in front of my apartment block when I had the second spark of genius of the day - there was no way I would show them where I lived, so I ran for another 10 min further than any man has run ever before (about 2 km) until I reached a park to lie down. I was pretty sure that I lost most people when I passed my flat (thank god for the heat) but I had to be sure.

I cool down and call my neighbour who’s flat looks down on the junction. I told her the whole story (she’s a super old family friend) and she couldn’t believe I was the guy sprinting away (she was sunning on her terrace). Turns out the motorcyclist got up without injury and the blue and red car drivers weren’t harmed either. According to my neighbour the cops and ambulance were called and they took down the details of all drivers, moved the blue car and treated the two pedestrians for about an hour, while all traffic was stopped.

Something I didn’t realise from my POV was that a second mob formed simultaneously around the motorcyclist after the crash who blamed him for everything, cause it looked like he just couldn’t drive… and guess what - he was a foreigner - so that box was checked. His insurance will probably cover everything (at least that's what my conscience tells me).

I haven’t left my flat of fear being recognised at the supermarket, my gf was a bit pissed that I made frozen pizza, and I promised myself to never kick a chestnut again.

tl:dr kicked a chestnut, distracted a motorcyclist, got out of hand and caused a crash, got blamed by a lot of clueless people, escaped running

EDIT: Submitted this around midnight and went to bed to wake up to a blowing up inbox. Thanks guys. Also thank you so much for the gold. I put somewhere in the comments that excessive humour is my coping mechanism to deal with things. I apologise if that style really wasn't your jam and will work on semantics for the future. If you did enjoy it, you're welcome - we probably could make great friends in RL. And yes English is not my mother tongue, and I lived all around so that's why my units of space and mass are very all over the place. /nThis happened last night in a 420-legal state, so no laws were broken in the making of this TIFU. Burner because reasons.

After taking a break from smoking for a few months, I decided to break out an indica-hybrid vape cartridge I bought a while ago and let the good times roll. I’ve been hitting it the past few days, and each time I get higher than a kite because my tolerance is so low now and I don’t know when to stop hitting it.

I was on Facebook yesterday morning when I was sober, and in one of my meme groups saw a screenshot of a post about a 23-year-old college student who died after eating pasta that had been left out five days. The top comment on it was “he pasta way,” and that just stuck with me because it was so funny.

Later that night, I was cleaning out my fridge and came across two containers of food I had brought back with me from home (I’m a college senior and the semester started two weeks ago). One of the containers was a tortellini salad, and I noticed it had a “sell by” date of four days before. I was about to throw it out, then decided to smell it and try a piece given the proximity of the sell by date. I had one piece of tortellini, decided it might be alright, and put it back to figure it out later.

A few hours later, the high times have come and I’m hitting my vape pen. After watching a Rodney Dangerfield classic, I go up to bed and am lying there when all of a sudden I start feeling a sense of doom. I start imagining every hypochondriac symptom in the book, from chest pain, to stomach pain, to shortness of breath, etc. 

At the same time, all I could see in my head was “he pasta way” and started thinking that I was an almost 23-year-old college senior and I ate pasta that was approximately five days expired. I suddenly realized that I never saw the guy’s name or where it happened in the screenshot, and started freaking out thinking it was about me. Shortly thereafter the EMT side of me takes over, checks that I have a pulse when I’ve pretty much convinced myself my heart has stopped, and I basically run an out-of-body patient assessment on myself to make sure I’m alive. I fell asleep, and just woke up after 12 hours.

TL;DR got so high I thought I had seen my own death before it happened/nSo usual disclaimer, this happened last week not today but I've only just recovered enough to talk about it. 

Also for context I am a detective with the police which was on my profile.

So I have been single a few months now and finally decided to give those tinder style apps a go. I was recommended Bumble by a colleague which is essentially just tinder but bee themed.

I downloaded the app Thursday and by Friday I had a date so I thought things were going well. First date I arrange for Saturday at a busy shopping centre.

Now I've been out of the dating game for a while and we were chatting about movies so we went to go to the cinema to see Mortal Engines.

I knew the first greeting was always going to be awkward, the whole "hey is that x? 《YOU NOW HAVE 1 SECOND TO DECIDE ON KISS ON CHEEK, AWKWARD HUG OR LAME WAVE THING》 but what happened was none of those things. Instead I get hit with " TELL ME WHO YOU ARE I NEED TO VERIFY YOU" which not going to lie is as romantic a greeting as smearing yourself with marmite and announcing "let's have a toast for the pretty lady!"

Anyway she then asks "WHAT'S THAT ON THE FLOOR" pointing to a large pile of dust. It's a pile of dust I tell her and she makes me double check.

Dust confirmed we move on to the cinema and purchase tickets the announcer in my brain exclaimes 《YOU ARE NOW LOCKED INTO THE DATE》

We got an hour and a half till the movie so we grab some ice cream cause that's cute as shit and head to Starbucks (which fyi is a crowded mutherflucker) grab a table and she leans close... zero chill just dead pan asks me "...what's the darkest job you have ever dealt with..." 

Now I've got some H.P. Lovecraft dark stories so I try to give her a PG version of a double murder I had some involvement with. (Note: everything I discussed could also be easily read about online)

"HOW DID HE KILL THEM? WAS THERE A LOT OF BLOOD? DID YOU SEE IT? WAS IT LIKE THE MOVIES? I LOVE MURDER STORIES, HAVE YOU SEEN MAKING A MURDERER? HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT X MURDER? DID YOU KNOW THIS ONE GUY ONCE CHOPPED HIS MUM'S HEAD OFF AND HAD SEX WITH THE CORPSE ISN'T THAT FACINATING?!?!"

(Let me just remind you it's as crowded as balls in leather pants in this coffee shop and people are looking over)

She also hits me with a few probing questions "Have you ever committed a crime? Have you ever done drugs?!"

Trying to recover some semblance of a date I joke "haha only if you count downloading showbox as a crime"

Next it's my turn to ask some questions and throw out the classic "Tell me about your self" (I know it's lame but I panicked)

"Oh I've just been released from 18 months locked up in a psyche ward in Broadmoor, it was pretty much a doss and I got to meet people like naked Phillip"

Now gripped with what can only be described as the terror a double D breasted woman feels in a slasher flick I decide I have two choices.

1) Run into the crowd and disappear

2) continue date (what could go wrong in a cinema? It's just 2 hours of awkward silence)

Let's just say I chose poorly...

Before we move off though she asks me to search her chair... I don't really do much except say it's fine but after walking off she decides my efforts were not good enough and goes back to search it properly.

Finally into the cinema now 10 minutes after start time so it's adverts but most people have sat down... of course there are people in our seat, what looks like a family of 14 parts like the Red Sea so we can sit in the seats we paid for but they are somewhat miffed.

Suddenly my date whips out the flashlight on her phone and starts search the chair! The woman from the family is also some nutbar and starts yelling "MY EYES! TURN OFF THAT LIGHT!! ARRGHHFYFBIFWYH"

my date sits down in darkness for a whole 5 minutes before deciding that she wants to have a round two of flashlight rodeo.... cue raging snickers lady "I'M GOING TO KNOCK YOU OUT I TOLD YOU TURN THAT LIGHT OFF" 

I'm not about to white knight defend this woman, I'm a god damn spectator here! The fruit and nut villain is eventually calmed down by her fella.

Date goes for lucky number 3 flashlight gamble, this time I have to step in and say thus is not ok.

So movie time. I'm sure Mortal Engines is a fine film... but it's pretty out there and loooong. All I'm thinking about is the 3 pieces of advice I was given prior to app dating

1) don't get drunk
2) don't send dick pics
3) don't stick your dick in crazy 

So despite the horror movie Mortal Engines has become I am still a man and she is still an attractive woman so I'm repeating number 3) again and again in my head like a monk trying to achieve enlightenment. Lucky the date is so bad and my fear so palpable that logic wins out.

After the movie she goes to the bathroom and hands me her coat and bag, can't run yet... got to wait...

She returns dead serious "I NEED YOU TO FOLLOW ME"

this is where I die i think, I'm being lured to the bathroom to be filleted like a fish and used as a skin suit in some crazy sex game.

She walks me to an isolated area and points at an especially large pile of dust

"WHAT'S THAT?"

I say just a large pile of dust "ARE YOU SURE, CAN YOU CHECK" 

Sure enough it's just dust...

So keen to make good my escape I lay down a "woah look at the time... 8:30! Got to grab that train" she responds "you know I'm really thirsty... could really go for a drink!"

Not willing to be the 3rd party to a human centipede I push on "central line that's Me! Oh you too? Great..." 

Next she smashes out a "you know the Overground train for me is an hour wait.... I don't really want to wait an hour... so thirsty..." 

The next stop I just decided the wrong station was the right place to be, "oh look at This! Haha my stop lovely to meet you BYE" 

The journey home was the most paranoia driven thriller of my 29 years...

TLDR

My first date in years was with someone murder obsessed and recently released from a mental health facility. Now too scared to date anyone ever again./nSo yesterday the alternator on my car died, I went and picked up a new one today that I’m going to install this weekend. No biggie, but it meant I had to borrow my dads truck to go to work today. Now my dad has a newer pickup with a Bluetooth radio, so I synched my phone up, put on some music and went to work. 

Later, once I went home I decided to have some “me” time and watch some “special video’s”. Around the 4th video when I was really getting into it, the audio suddenly cut off. Puzzled, it took me a few seconds to realized the horror of what had happened.... My dad turned his truck on to go check the mail and was greeted with a full volume, near orgasm, porn moan when he did. 

When he got home, I was standing in the kitchen and awkwardly made eye contact with him and died a little inside. All he said was “what the fuck son”. 

TL:DR- I borrowed my dads truck and synched my phone to it. Went home and watched porn and my dad was greeted with the sound of a moaning porn-star when he started his truck

Edit: words. /nThis just happened a couple of hours ago. I am 8 months pregnant and *huge*. So I am in the choir at my church, and we were singing a special Christmas song, so everyone was supposed to dress festively. I also had to sing a solo before the message, which I was *very* nervous for. 

I picked out a nice red maternity dress with beading on the collar and wore black tights with black velvet kitten heels. I even painted my nails to match. 

The first service went smoothly... but when I got home, I noticed I had prominent underarm sweat showing on my dress. *Great*, that’s probably what everyone was staring at during my solo, lol. So I was determined to prevent this from happening in the second service an hour later. I took off the dress, dried it off, and changed into some pajamas to have breakfast. I also put on an undershirt and stuffed a bunch of tissues under my arms so I wouldn’t sweat next time.

Before I knew it, I was running a bit behind, so I put my dress and shoes back on and hustled out the door. I got to the church a minute before the service started and rushed out of my car. Someone asked if it was too windy for me. We’re in South Florida, so I had no idea what they were talking about and continued rushing for the doors. 

Unfortunately, the service began a moment earlier and the choir was already on stage. I grabbed my songbook and lumbered onto the stage from the middle aisle, to my place front and center with the other sopranos. Everyone smiled at me awkwardly, which I figured was due to my tardiness.

We started with a hymn... That’s when I realized I felt too much fabric around my legs for the kind of dress I was wearing. I worried that the tissues from my arms had fallen and people could see them stuck to my tights or something. I could not see past my belly easily, so I leaned over to check, as conspicuous as it was to do so...

The sight and accompanying horror took a moment to register. There they were, my pink and teal flamingo print pajama pants. Still on my legs. And the whole audience sees them. How the freak did I not notice, and how did I get on stage without anyone telling me?!? 

I rushed off the stage mid-song and took the offending pants off in the bathroom, then waddled back up to my spot. I couldn’t even run off afterwards and hide, because I had to sing a solo immediately after that! On the bright side, my stage fright for that was gone...

TLDR: Changed clothes in a hurry between performances at church. Unintentionally sang on stage wearing flamingo pajama pants because I’m huge and can’t see my legs. /nSo this has happened over the last month and half coming to a head yesterday.

&#x200B;

I started a new job, admin, about a month and a half ago. I do pretty basic administrative work: check deposits, filing, follow ups, etc. It's a full time gig, and it might take me HALF of the day to do all my duties. I don't know who had this job last, but they fucked around A LOT. I try to fuck around and I still get things done SUPER fast. This has led to frustration for me and my supervisor because I run out of things to do, and I have to interrupt her work so she can find things for me to do.

&#x200B;

Btw, I am not the kind of person where I enjoy getting paid to do nothing. Sure, it's nice on occasion, but not half of the day every single day.

&#x200B;

Fast forward to yesterday: I ask my supervisor if there was anything I could work on, and she asks me to shut her door. She asks me how I feel about getting my hours cut. Not just by a few hours. She's thinking me being there 25 HOURS PER WEEK! That's significant.

&#x200B;

Moral of the story: don't do your best because you will get punished for it.

&#x200B;

tl:dr I did my job too well and got my hours cut for it

&#x200B;

EDIT: Thank you to everyone on the "real world" advice. It does suck, but that's the way it goes, I suppose. My boss called me into his office to talk about the situation. He firstly apologized for suggesting hours being cut before they had a game plan. He made it very clear that he and the company appreciates my work ethic and initiative and that they DO NOT want to lose me as an employee. Apparently, when they hired me on there was originally going to be more work duties for me, but for some reason out of his control, that didn't happen. They are going to merge me into another area so I can fulfill a normal working week, not have hours cut, and most importantly keep my pay.  /n**For the record: the girl I'm seeing encouraged me to create an actual account to share this fuck up. I have read some crazy ass stories on here so, uh, it's hard to tell if this post will even come close to the standard of this sub.** 

*Shrug*

**S'up.**

This happened last weekend. 

I went to my friend's house party wearing nothing but my panda onesie. I thought underwear would be overkill since it gets so damn hot in that thing. So, I eliminated the unnecessary layers and went commando. Oof. It was freeing. The penis was a swingin' and the balls was a breathin'. Pure cock flopping fun I tell thee. And so... off I go... with a hop and skip... and a bouncing dick. 

Cut to me and this cute girl grinding on the dance floor. Her ass was rubbing against me so fucking hard, it triggered **the boner.** Aw, fuuuck! It's gonna stick out like a sore thumb underneath this damn onesie. I literally spin her ass around so it doesn't touch my dick no more. Worst. Fucking. Mistake. This girl, in the heat of the moment, rips open my onesie, exposing my bare boner for all to see. As if that wasn't bad enough, my dick *fucking flexes* right before I cover up. Folks there lost their shit. Dick jokes, drunken laughter, cat-calls & whistles, all erupted in that moment. I questioned so many life choices as I stood there, frozen and flustered as fuck. 

For the rest of that night I had to dodge a mob of wasted degenerates on a mission to rip me open. The motherfuckers called it the Panda Challenge.

*Edit: Thanks for the Platinum, Silver & Gold, kind souls!*

*TL;DR I went commando and ended up partying so hard my penis popped out and joined the fun in front of everyone.*/nFull disclosure, this happened several years ago (and he is now my ex boyfriend), but something made me remember this story today.

My ex-boyfriend was a big fan of grand gestures and surprise dates. He took me to all kinds of cool stuff to surprise me, like an Obon Festival, a special old school Star Trek movie showing, an art museum, even a surprise interstate road trip on my birthday! For his birthday, I resolved to pay him back with his own nice surprise. We had been together for \~10 months at that point, so I thought I knew what would suit him: a picnic at a beautiful outdoor conservatory, a walk around the zoo, and the surprise: tickets to a butterfly conservatory, basically a glass dome filled with lush greenery, flowers, and hundreds of butterfly species flying freely. [(Not this specific one, but this video gives you an idea what it's like)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LeMo5o46rso)

I had always gone to the butterfly house with my family as a little kid and I loved it soooooo much. It was special to me and I was so excited to share it with him.

He was having a great time walking around with me by the lakes and at the picnic. I kept hyping him up, saying "I can't wait until the final surprise, I hope you love it! You're going to love it!"

We got to the entrance, they tore our tickets, and I led him in Belle-at-the-library-in-Beauty-&-the-Beast style. I still won't shut up, trying to get him hyped. Finally, the moment of truth: I took my hands off his eyes and watched him behold the kaleidoscopic beauty surrounding him.

Immediately, his face blanched and he looked like someone had just punched him in the stomach.

He was cowering and clinging to my arm when a butterfly flew past him.

"Umm... are you OK, dear?"

"I'm.... fine..." he said with a classic Hide the Pain Harold grimace.

"You don't seem fine. Did something happen?"

He looked ill and muttered "why would people pay to go to a place people let disgusting bugs land on them". I must have looked hurt because he tried to pull himself together, put on a brave face, and grabbed my arm tight. Before we could even get going any further, he pulled away from me and started shouting "OH GOD, IT'S IN YOUR HAIR, IT'S IN YOUR HAIR." Before I could even tell what was going on, he had tried to run out the exit with employees chasing him, calling "wait! we have to check you for stowaway butterflies!" It was chaos. Kids were watching him from their strollers. Some were screaming and crying. 

When I finally caught up with him, he had thrown up in the trash can by the duck pond. I apologized profusely and he said it wasn't my fault - his fear of moths/butterflies just hadn't come up in conversation yet. I couldn't have known.

We just kind of stared blankly at the pond until he said, "Let's just go home." 

It took me months before I felt comfortable trying to surprise him again, and surprise surprise, I managed to screw that up too. (it's the Nightmare Redux: Thai Surprise in the comments)

TL;DR: I accidentally traumatized my moth-phobic now-ex-boyfriend by enclosing him in a space with hundreds of butterflies. 

EDIT: Sorry, I accidentally deleted like half this post trying to edit it. Dang. I hope I cobbled it back together properly. 

1. Please don't be mean, phobias are irrational by definition. It's not his fault. 
2. I was really dumb and young in this story and I don't try to surprise people anymore (unless it's something they explicitly said they wanted). I thought it was fair game to try to share something from my childhood because he had taken me to a mediocre Fargo pizza place that was his favorite childhood restaurant just a few weeks earlier. 

He did also have surprise cheesecake waiting for him when he got back (favorite dessert), so at least the day wasn't destroyed completely./nSo this morning I was in court disputing a traffic ticket when I called the judge "your majesty"... /nMy husband got invited to be a speaker in a conference, but it’ll be in Seoul. He didn’t feel like attending since he finds conferences annoying & hates long flights. But I wanted to go to Korea, and with hotel rooms and his flight paid for, it’ll be a cheaper trip for me. 

Loads of whining and food bribes later, he accepted with the condition that I go to every event with him to keep him company. 

...and then I realised the conference was happening too soon for me to get a visa. I’m Indonesian, and Indonesia’s not only a 3rd world country, it’s the world’s largest Muslim country....which means I’m always fucked traveling-wise and need a month to apply for visas to travel to most places. 

So yeah. My husband is now on a flight to Korea, alone and miserable. 

**TL;DR:** sent my husband on a trip he didn’t want to go to so I can tag along. And I can’t make it. 

**UPDATE:** My husband’s [reaction](https://imgur.com/a/6XHY0) when I told him another redditor is attending the same conference & offered to hang out with him. /nThrowaway account because my dignity.

Obligatory this happened during midterms in October. I just haven’t had a chance to write about it until now.

This is going to be a long one, but I feel this story requires a certain degree of explanation before reaching the climax (no pun intended).

I’m a 26-year-old woman in a rather intensive graduate program. To put it in perspective, grad programs in this field typically take two years to complete, but the one I’m enrolled in is a one-year program. So right of the bat, I’m completing two years’ worth of coursework in one. Secondly, I’m now at a fairly prestigious university after having completed my undergrad at a not-so-great university. I always thought I had high standards for myself, but the expectations at this school are *much* higher than what I’m used to, and I still question all the time whether I’m actually good enough to be here. Thirdly, I’m not so great at handling stress. I am working with a therapist through campus psychological services, but I’m not finding their approach to therapy particularly helpful. And since that’s all I can afford right now with my insurance, that’s the best I can get.

Bottom line: I’m stressed out all the time. And midterms were *hell*: four hefty papers all due within three days of each other. Now, three of those papers weren’t so bad. They took a while to write, but at least I knew what I was writing. Paper number four, however… Guys, this paper fucked me *hard*. This paper fucked me like I’ve never been fucked in my whole life. And I’m in an English-related field, so believe me, I am *not* used to getting fucked by papers. I won’t bore you with the details, but in a nutshell, the paper required that we read a pool of approximately 30-40 journal articles and write a paper on their characteristics. (To be fair, we had from mid-August to mid-October to complete this assignment, so given the timespan, it *was* doable.) Now, if I were to write a list of all the reasons why this paper threw me off, I’d end up with a dissertation. In the limited space I have, I can’t fully explain why this paper was so hard, so please just believe me when I tell you it was *hard*. Yes, even though I’d spoken to the professor about it a few times. And it was worth about a third of my grade.

Anyway, this big bastard was due on a Monday, so I brought myself to the library on Friday, determined (after several failed attempts) to *at least* get an outline done. I tried for about 2.5 hours to draw up a plan to organize this thing, but for the life of me, I *could not* figure out how to cram all the required elements into a cohesive, logical argument, especially given the miniscule word count of the assignment (2,500 words maximum, when this paper *could* have been a fucking book). Now, at this point, it’s not that I was losing willpower or energy. No: the problem was that I was freaking out. I wanted to focus on this paper, but all my brain could do was assault me with a barrage of negative thoughts: *You’re going to fail this paper and fail this class and lose your financial aid and drop out of school and be a huge failure to everyone because you suck…* You get the idea. And then, to make matters worse, my mental distress started to express itself physically; I *wanted* to keep writing, but my hands were shaking so much I could barely even hold my pen. My neck was stiff as a board, my head burned above my eyes, my back was spasming a little, and my heart was pounding like a fucking jackhammer. And then.

And *then*.

I’ve Googled this and haven’t really been able to find a satisfactory explanation for what happened next. But I’ll recount the sensation as I experienced it. All of a sudden, I felt a *massive* rush of blood to my lower body. I can only guess this was some kind of adrenaline-related/fight-or-flight response. My entire bottom half suddenly felt as if it had been electrified: feet, legs… and lady bits. There I was, silently losing my mind in a library full of students studying for midterms, when out of the clear blue sky, my clit feels ready to burst.

I came before I even knew what was happening. It wasn’t some screaming, thrashing affair, but I did convulse in my chair and ended up moaning a little out of sheer surprise. And yes, people *definitely* noticed; I was on the quiet-study floor, so the room had been *silent* up until that point. I don’t think I was obvious enough that anyone would conclude I’d just had an orgasm in the library, but still… clearly *something* had happened. I packed my shit, went the hell home, and drank several screwdrivers at 2:00 in the afternoon.

As I said, I haven’t really found a thorough explanation for this (though I haven’t been searching too intensely). I have found the occasional anecdotal account of people having similar experiences. Mostly, though, I’ve been finding articles about how stress and anxiety *inhibit* orgasm in women. For my part in this research, I state for the record that stress can, indeed, spiral so low that is sort of bursts through the other side and expresses itself as sexual ecstasy, whether you like it or not.

Also, I got a 78 on the paper. But my professor assures me it won’t end up tanking my grade.

TL;DR: I got so stressed that I came involuntarily in my university library. Also, I may have masochistic tendencies and don’t know who I am anymore.

EDIT: Thank you all for your thoughtful responses, as well as for the silver and gold.

I'd just like to clarify on a couple of points that have been brought up: I did not procrastinate on this assignment. I completed the reading in a timely manner and gave myself plenty of time (more than a week) to write this paper. Given the rigor of this program, that is *all* the time I could give myself to do it. The paper just never quite happened in an orderly, timely fashion because I was so confused and stressed out. Normally I never put off things until the last minute. It just sort of happened this time because I had no idea what I was doing.

Secondly, I am working with a therapist on my stress management techniques. I recently told my therapist that I'd like to do some more intensive work for managing stress, and she referred me to an off-campus therapist who will accept my insurance. Hopefully, we'll be able to work together to figure out some solutions that work for me. Again, I'm very grateful for all the advice and input! I'm really glad I could make you guys laugh. You all have made me laugh, as well!/nAmidst the hate and questioning of my sexuality, there was actually some fantastic advice in the [original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c5toeo/tifu_deepthroating_myself_in_front_of_my_new/). I came into the office today with a pretty clear idea of what I was going to say. I felt okay with myself, but holy shit the closer I got, the more fucking petrified I became. The walk from the front door to the edit bay was a total blur, I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I kept going back in my head whether or not it was better if she was already in the office or if I was in there first, and maybe if I was first it would seem more intimidating. My mind was going nuts. I got back to the edit bay and peaked in and she was already there, and turned around and saw me kind of creeping in. Just a fucking horrible way to start this.

&#x200B;

Then, I proceeded to absolutely butcher my eloquently preplanned speech. I honestly wish I could tell you all exactly what I said but I really don’t remember. I know I apologized, I said something along the lines of each of us probably don’t want to ever have to look at each other again, and I did say that if she felt uncomfortable being here, I’d be happy to help her find another job. She asked if I wanted her to leave and I said of course not.

&#x200B;

She was kind of looking down the whole time and after I finished my word vomit, she just kind of shook her head and said “what are the fucking odds.” We both started laughing and I came a bit more back to reality and asked again if she was comfortable working together and she said she was. We agreed it might take a while to actually look at each other but luckily our desks have us back to back, Ugh.

&#x200B;

I got coffee and came back and she had music on and we kind of worked for a few without speaking but the mood was definitely lighter. Then she asked if she could ask me a few questions. Ohhh boy, lol, but sure.

* When did i learn i could do this?
* Have i ever done this for a crowd before?

and of course...

* Does it feel like sucking dick or getting your dick sucked?

and..

* Are you bi? Do you think it’s kind of gay?

&#x200B;

I obliged, I think being back to back helped us talk it out and kind of laugh about it.

&#x200B;

I asked her how long she has known my friend for. (They met in college). She said that she has always been a bit crazy and a bit of a freak. She said when she told her that this guy she was dating could suck his own dick, she was not at all surprised. I got the feeling this wasn’t the first bizarre scenario she had gotten her in.

&#x200B;

I really wanted to ask her if she enjoyed herself but I was worried it was teetering on sexual harassment and honestly working in such close quarters I don’t think I want to know the answer.

&#x200B;

So there you have it.

&#x200B;

Oh and no, I do not know if she’s on Reddit. I felt like asking would have drawn attention to it, but there was no mention of my post or anything like that.

&#x200B;

tl:dr - I did my best, she did hers, it’s awkward but it’ll all be okay.

&#x200B;

EDIT:  Okay, I'll answer the questions.

I learned with my girlfriend in college.  We were very experimental, and somehow it led to this.  It's been a party trick of mine, lol, since.

&#x200B;

Never done it for a crowd before, no.

&#x200B;

(from the original post)

Since everyone is asking, I'll offer my thoughts. No, I'm not gay or bi, and have never sucked someone elses dick before. Pretty sure being gay or bi involves being attracted to and/or having sexual experiences with people of the same sex. It's my own dick, so I think that conversation is pretty straight forward. By your logic, all of you have given thousands and thousands of handjobs and ew, you've touched a dick like 10 times today at least.

&#x200B;

As for the "I've heard it feels more like sucking a dick than getting your dick sucked" - I bring it back to the above statement. A handjob obviously doesn't feel the same as jerking off. Kissing your own hand feels different than someone else kissing your hand, etc. etc. I think maybe the first time its unfamiliar to have your own dick in your mouth, or for those of you "with a friend who told you" .. they probably only tried it once or twice. But it's become a familiar feeling for me, and it feels wonderful. Better than jerking off that's for sure.

&#x200B;

EDIT 2:  Guys, "party trick" is just a saying.   This is the only party I have ever done this.

&#x200B;

EDIT 3:  No, there are no videos or photos.  But if you live in LA I might give you a private show if you can somehow make my life more awkward./nDon't even ask, ok. I was having a bad day and I guess I needed to let off some steam. The men's room was empty, I did my business, went to wash my hands and it just ... happened.

Was on a trawl of throwback 00's hits the other day, and for some reason 'Candy Shop' by 50 cent (of ALL the songs) has been stuck in my head a few days. I started off mildly enough with the first verse, by the time I got to the chorus I was well into it and then by the second verse I was away. I was 50. 

Halfway through the second verse, the toilet flushes behind me. 

I finally understood what it means when people describe the heart as standing still. Literally I was frozen with fear. Paralysed. Side note: whoever was in there hadn't locked the door. WHO DOES THAT? 

I didn't stay to find out who it was. I went back to my desk chair, fatigued with embarrassment. A few moments later, my boss walks in. He doesn't say anything, just grins at me and walks on to his office. I genuinely felt like I wanted to chunder. 

TL;DR: My boss caught me singing a grossly inappropriate song and now I either have to hand in my notice or live in eternal shame. 50 Cent, I hate you man./nToday I learned that Venmo takes the subject of your payment very seriously. 

Every month when the power bill comes up, my roommate alerts us of in a comical manner. We've received the Star Wars title scrawl with the text reworded to describe the bill, the Stranger Things intro sequence, you get the idea. Well this time I get a link to a subtitled North Korean news broadcast, link [here.](http://www.captiongenerator.com/731812/NORTH-KOREA-POWER-BILL) So naturally I send my roommate the money via Venmo with the subject "North Korea is best Korea."

Within seconds, I get a notification in the Venmo app that my payment has been halted pending review by Venmo's compliance department per Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) guidelines. There is a 48hr hold on the payment and I'm required to submit a statement of sorts explaining my payment. It's been about an hour and I've already had a phone call with the customer service department that can be summed up as "Can you not??" 

It would seem that [there is a list](http://gawker.com/the-words-that-will-get-you-in-trouble-on-venmo-1738331672) of words that will get you into trouble on Venmo, but all the usual jokes about cocaine and hookers are good-to-go. It's been a fun morning.

TL;DR: Paid power bill with subject "North Korea is best Korea." Got flagged per Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) guidelines. Still haven't been able to pay the power bill...

Edit: Here's the Stranger Things one he did for us last month: Removed as it had our actual names on it

Edit #2: And the Star Wars one: https://brorlandi.github.io/StarWarsIntroCreator/#!/AKrfBcVlS4JDf-QEeKBw

Edit #3: Despite all this annoyance, Venmo is still really useful and I'd recommend it. Just avoid funding rogue states and terrorists while you pay for mundane items. It's hard, but I'm sure you can manage. 

Edit #4: They let the payment go through. At least their CS dept is pretty quick on these things. I hope that video made someone's day at Venmo. Now back to funding rogue states and terrorist groups. My monthly payments to the KGB and ISIS are late...

Edit #5: Removed Stranger Things link due to personal info issues.

Edit #6: Looks like the link to the vid in question is currently kill. Not sure if hug o' death or what. Meh, just keep F5'ing. What could go wrong?

**Edit #7: Link is no longer kill. Be gentle.**

Edit #7: Obligatory "Thanks for the gold kind stranger" or whatever edit.

Edit #8: [Proof for the doubters.](https://imgur.com/DQuGYwr)

Edit #9: No mirror for the link available. My roommate whipped it up at his office and we don't have a local copy of it. Hopefully the reddit hug ends soon enough for people to be able to view it. Sorry :(/nThis happened on the day before Christmas Eve (the 23rd). I worked at a supermarket and as you can guess, just before Christmas the store is absolutely hectic.

So on the night before Christmas Eve Eve (22nd) I started having some pretty sloppy poos. Throughout the night this case developed into a hole shitshow of sloppy shits. I was going back and forwards to the toilet all night and only managed to get a couple hours sleep. If I’m completely honest I’m surprised I didn’t soil myself and I’m actually a little bit proud of the fact that I didn’t. 

When morning came my sloppy poos were still at their height and showing no resistance, I really could not muster up the courage to go into work whilst the shits were at their peak. I knew that I would not last an hour working the cash register. If I were to try it would only result in two scenarios; me either sprinting to the toilet and looking a fool or the much more likely scenario of me shitting myself in public (one of my worst fears). I picked up my phone and called in sick.

Just with my luck, my ass of a boss answered the phone. She’s quite the bitch and to no surprise she was not too happy when I told her I would not be coming in. I am a good employee and from the few years of working at the store I’ve only had 1 or 2 days off (I very rarely get I’ll), I assumed it wouldn’t be too hard to get a day off. Damn i was wrong. 

She started accusing me of faking an illness  and bitching out due me not wanting to come into a work due to it being one of the busiest days of the year.  She called me lazy and told me how I’m not a “team player”. She called me many many names (which was completely unneeded) and expressed about 50,000 times how she did not believe that I was ill and how she just knew I was lying to get the day off. She told me how she was expecting to see me In work later. The whole time I was trying to keep my cool and trying to explain to her how I in-fact did have the shits and how it would definitely not be a good idea to come into work. She still refused to believe. 

Little did she know I had just brewed up a pretty horrific poop. Still on the phone I told her calmly and gently that if she did not believe me I would simply prove it to her. 

I hung the phone up and snapped a quick picture of the ass goblin I had produced. With no hesitation I proceeded to send the picture to my boss on Facebook messenger then I and happily flushed the beast away. 

No more than a few minutes later I received a phone call from the boss where she in short told me how I was being fired. I guess she didn’t really like the pic I sent her

If I’m honest I don’t really care that she fired me. I was contemplating leaving anyway. She is definitely on my top five list of the biggest dicks I’ve met. But either way I really didn’t want to get fired. 

TL;DR
I developed a pretty shitty case of diarrhoea on Christmas Eve Eve. I could not possibly have gone into work (in a supermarket). I called the super mega bitch of a boss to let her know I won’t be in. She refused to believe and accused me of lying. I sent her a picture of my shit and she fired me a few minutes later. 

/nSo this happened last night. My girlfriend and I have been trying to have a threesome for a while now but could never really find the right girl. Yesterday she reconnected with one of her old middle school friend and they were hanging out at the mall. She called me and asked if they could come by my place after for some drinks and I agreed.

They come over around 9pm and my girlfriend gave me that look. I knew that she talked to her about having a threesome with us and the girl agreed to it. So I play some music and bring out some drinks. Everything is going good until she brings out her own stash of alcohol and weed.

The girl brought two 4Locos and starts chugging. (For those who don't know 4Locos is this really harsh alcoholic drink that's 4 servings of alcohol in one can that can really fuck you up.) She has two of them. Then she rolls a blunt and smokes it. (I didn't drink or smoke at all) By that time my girlfriend is tipsy from the Hennessy I have and starts making out with me. The girl is on the bed watching and obviously starts getting turned on. But a few minutes later she told us she's really tired and wants to go back home. I'm bummed out but we all get in the car and I drive her home.

I'm driving her home down these dark back roads. The whole time she's telling us how she loves having us as friends and that she's sorry for being so tired and all that. Then she starts gagging and making pre vomit sounds I guess? Anyways I pull over to the side of the road so she can do her business. She gets out and starts sprinting down the road (Rip Me) I start chasing her down the the dark road and I catch up. She looks me dead in the face and asked me who I was. I told her I'm her friend and that she's not feeling well and my girlfriend and I was taking her home. She's says ok but continues to walk away and a car goes by. She waves her arms and screams for help and I grab  her saying wtf are you doing? Then she bites the shit out my hand. I let go and she runs into the street. I'm a black guy with dreads and she's a skinny white girlfriend so the sight of me chasing her is pretty comical. She managed to flag down a truck, a man and wife, and begs them for help. My girlfriend pulled up and very calmly told her friend to get back in the car. The girl screamed get away from me hides in the bush. The couple calls the police. The police showed up and asked everyone questions and took the girl back to her parents place.

No sex was had but instead I got a few cuts from the bite so that's kinda kinky I guess.

Tl:dr- Girlfriend comes over with her friend for a threesome. Friend gets drunk and high instead and runs away. Friend freaks out and bites my hand and strangers calls the police. Police takes her home

Update- I'm going to go to the clinic soon to have it checked and I'm going to try and upload pictures as well. My girl friend tried to get in contact with the girl but no response. We'll stop by her apartment along the way

Update 2- [Here's my hand](https://imgur.com/a/V6pw3Gc) 

Edit- I'M LIGHT SKINNED BLACK LIKE CARAMEL OR PEANUT BUTTER Lmao

Edit 2- EVERYONE IS TELLING ME IM NOT BLACK HELL I DONT KNOW ANYMORE YOU TELL ME 
https://imgur.com/a/g5w76yT/nEven though this happened over a decade ago, my family still occasionally roasts me for it.

Back when I was around 9 or 10 my family bought me [these toys for Christmas](https://m.imgur.com/a/AD358JS). As the pictures suggests, you could “connect” a figure's fists to anothers via the magnets on the fists themselves - which happened to be **really** strong.

You can probably see where this is going already... In my not-so-clever mind I wanted to see if I could connect the wrestlers to my foreskin. I remember stretching my foreskin with one hand whilst also holding one of the wrestlers fists against the stretched skin. Then with my other hand I grabbed the other wrestler and slowly brought its fist closer to the foreskin where the other fist was sitting on the other side. **SNAP** I fell over and screamed in agonising pain, as not only were Hulk Hogan and Goldberg stuck to my foreskin - they were pinching the end like a snapping turtle. 

Hulk and Goldberg held their grip while I screamed in pain. I tried pulling them apart but due to the pain or panick I just couldn't.

To my absolute embarrassment, my Mum and Dad rushed into the room and had to pull Hulk and Goldberg from my dick.

This story is still brought up at Christmas dinners to this day.

TL;DR: Got Hulk Hogan and Goldberg action figures stuck to my dick via magnets and had to get my parents to remove them./nSo this just happened last night. I should start by saying I have two wonderful, loving big dogs, a GSD and a lab mix. Usually when my fiancé and I start getting ready to rock and roll we lock them out of the bedroom to avoid any distractions. 

Last night however he woke me up around 1am to have a little midnight fun (he must’ve been having a good dream). I was about it, we started in, and let the good times roll. It was all going per usual, he was done, I was making my steady climb up the hill to heaven. My eyes were closed and I was not being very quiet. Right as I was about to start my journey back down to earth I feel a long wet tongue on my face. Open my eyes, my GSD is standing in my face looking worried and trying to kiss me. 

Let me tell you, there is no quicker turn off and end to a climax then getting kissed in the mouth by your slobbery dog. I pushed my dog away and my fiancé just burst into tears from laughing so hard. 

TL;DR we started having sex in the middle of the night, forgot about the dogs. My GSD snuck up and mouth kissed me at my climax and ruined my night. 

Edit: I can’t believe the most popular Reddit post I will ever have is about this... thank you strangers for silver and platinum! Also thank you to everyone who shares these experiences and so sorry to those who have gotten tongues to the butt... you win? 

Edit 2: GSD (German Shepard dog) for those of you angry about this, thank you for commenting and bringing my karma up even higher. Also for those of you confused about the whole process, just because my fiancé was finished doesn’t mean he didn’t help a girl out. /nQuick statement, This isn't my account, but u/TheGemScout is a close friend of mine and since I don't use reddit I figure someone should get the karma, if you guys happen to enjoy my pain. (Also, this was about a week ago, not today sadly)

So lets preface this. There's an episode of Two & a Half Men where Jake melts a jar of peanut butter into liquid, then He offers Charlie some. 

So I'm at my friend's house, let's call the friend Mason, and we're watching reruns of the show. We see that fatefull scene and Mason thinks it'd be a good idea to dare me to drink peanut butter. 

Two things before we proceed:

1. Our dares are intense, but we never refuse them.

2. While it's apparently weird, I despise peanut butter, not that I'm allergic or anything, but I really hate the stuff.

Knowing that refusing the dare is not an option (or else I'm going to get pranked to no end over it) I decide we should just get it over with now.

So my friend hands me the tallest coffee  mug he owns and says "get to scooping" while he laughs in my face

Once He's made me fill the cup with peanut butter, he puts in in the microwave for like 1:30 seconds and then motions for me to get the cup before it hardens. Here's where my fuckup begins:

I drink coffee often, so I'm not very careful about it being hot, and assume it's much MUCH cooler than my typical coffee as I heat that up for about 2 minutes or more before I drink it. 1 minute is nothing to me, and Seeing as I'm not trying to taste this disgusting flavor of nutty origin, I try to slam it down as fast as possible.

Actually the biggest mistake of my life, as not only does peanut butter heat up MUCH faster than a typical liquid, It's VERY thick and Insanely sticky. It was like Satan came in my mouth but it was stuck there and I couldn't get it out. My friend is still laughing his ass of and I'm screaming at the top of my lungs as it goes further into my throat and I begin choking on the molten shit-liquid itsself. At this level I'm thinking "I'm choking on lava" and "I really hope I don't die because of the one time I eat peanut butter"

In my suffering I finally stammer out "Take me to the ER" and his face Immediately changed
 
I go for the milk we have in the fridge so I can walk out the door, but lucky me; we have not one drop of milk, nor any other liquid other than fucking A1 sauce, so I grab the sprayer in the kitchen sink and start blasting it in my mouth so as to mitigate the damage, but I can already tell that I've got some pretty severe burns.

Flash forward to the Hospital, and Thanks to my idiocy I have second degree burns all over my mouth and throat, and After almost a week, I'm still in constant pain. I can't taste anything except pain, I have burns on and around my tongue, my gums The roof of my mouth, my throat, and Can barely sleep due to the intensity of the pain.

FML, and Fuck peanut butter. Never drink it, or you'll end up like me.


TL;DR: Got dared to drink melted peanut butter. Slammed it down to avoid Taste. Hot peanut butter is Basically Napalm and Hot PB + Mouth = Second Degree Burns./n This happened earlier this week and I’m still processing it. Also, throwaway because I don’t want my grandkids to find this one day. 

My longtime girlfriend had just completed her time of the month, and we were ready to engage in some heated sexual activity. We’re both going through rather busy times in our life right now, so sex doesn’t come as often as it should, but enough to fulfill our needs. Now, the past few weeks I’ve been helping (doing) my GF do homework for one of her online classes. Because of this, she realized she owed me and decided to pay me by way of sexual favors. Unethical? Maybe, but I’m not complaining. So, she begins to initiate foreplay and start to enjoy one of the better blow jobs of my life. She does her thing for a while and I stop her a few times before I hit her with that high fructose porn syrup. After edging a few times, I decide to return the favor and go down on here. I do my thing, she does hers, and now back to me. Well, by this time we’re about an hour in and she starts to get tired. I finally comply with her and prepare to unleash my homemade protein shake. However, because I have delayed the inevitable for so long, she is taking breaks every few licks of the tootsie pop. The next four events happen all simultaneously. I let my lover know its time, she comes up for a breather, my Johnson flops down on my stomach (I’m on my back), and I treat myself to a very salty penis colada. It. Was. Everywhere. A catastrophic and life-changing event. I, and nor should you, ever take those cum shot compilations for granted. Those girls are troopers. 

TL;DR – I was edging during oral with my girlfriend. She got tired and took a break. I climaxed all over my face. 

Edit: Man y'all are wild. Thanks for the platinum, gold, and silver. Happy Holidays, may snow fall on all of your faces./nOkay so the obligatory this happened a few months back.

A little backstory, I have dealt with severe depression and suicidal thoughts, have a few (obviously) unsuccessful attempts. Good news; I'm better now and I laugh about it. I was better back then too.

Also worth mentioning I'm into writing short stories and currently a novel.

So back to the fuck-up, a short story I was writing back then started off with a 15 year old girl finding a suicide letter dated 10 years into the future, and is in her own handwriting. I bet you can see where this is going.. So I start drafting the letter and before I finish it with the dating and stuff I get a call from my friend saying she is around and wants to talk, so I get out saying very little to my mom.

After leaving in a hurry and staying outside for a few hours my mom gets worried and calls me. *Shocker* I left my phone at home. (It's really not a rare thing for me to do, it's rare I take it with me unless I'm going to school or a date or something) she goes into my room and sees "my" suicide note.

She gets scared and calls my dad. Soon after, my family is driving around looking for me. I walk back home and to my surprise there is police cars and my parents are crying. After a quick explaining and a few hours of scolding everything was fine but I felt terrible for putting my parents through that fear again.


TL;DR: Me, a previously suicidal teen, writes a suicide letter for a short story, then leaves the house in a hurry, parents call the cops thinking I killed myself, I show up eating ice cream and get scolded. Generally felt terrible


Edit: wow a lot of you want to read the horrible piece of fiction I wrote back then, I can't find the original story but I'll try to rewrite from memory in the morning!

Edit2: ah yes the good old severe suicide /nSo the mess up happened yesterday and I'm still saying "oh my god" to myself every time I think about it.

This past Saturday our school's girls Cross Country team won state and because of that earned everyone a pep rally. The night before someone asked if anyone wanted to be the flag runner and I [happily volunteered](https://i.imgur.com/qfllRsL.jpg), because that's a super dope job. I mean what could possibly go wrong?

Well here is exactly what went wrong:
 
The pep rally is in motion. The Cross Country Team starts pouring down from the stands to lead a school cheer. This is exactly when you should do a flag run, so I start haulin' out and narrowly avoid plowing one girl and make my way around the crowd (Definitely wouldn't recommend to a friend now though). I am caught up in the buzz of the moment and then all of a sudden I'm [going down hard...](https://i.imgur.com/XPL4P0i.mp4)
All that is going through my head is siren noises and me thinking "I should just die now" but unfortunately that never came to fruition and it got worse as I saw what I had tripped on and destroyed: [The state trophy we just won AND the one from last year!](https://i.imgur.com/gyAgaiL.png)
Now I'm a bit more famous around the school and kids keep seeing me in the hallway an saying "OMG! You're the kid who broke the trophy!!"
RIP me

TL;DR I was the flag runner and I tripped over and destroyed two state trophies in front of the whole school.

EDIT: Thanks for the gold! That makes it all worth it (sort of)! Just a bit of extra info, the trophies have been repaired with tender, sweet words and some wood glue.

EDIT 2: Wow 5 gold I'm willing to destroy another trophy, if it nets me 5 more!/n
The following events transpired yesterday. Spent last night in A&E, on hardly any sleep and some pretty strong painkillers, so apologies for any mistakes here.

Me and my girlfriend are trying to lose weight, and so for the past few months we have been eating super clean. Salads, quinoa, lean meats, etc. (very few carbs). Lost some weight, gained some muscle from working out too. Very happy with our progress.

Because we had been so disciplined and it was my birthday, we decided to treat ourselves to our previously weekly treat of takeout. A huge pizza, fries, and nachos each (I know, hence why we needed to lose weight), washed down with soda. 

We went to bed feeling very full and happy, if a little guilty.

I awoke a few hours later with intense stomach cramps. I could feel a ball of pizza nacho fries forming in the pit of my stomach and could tell it was not going to be pretty coming out. I waited till morning to go to the bathroom (small apartment, light sleeper gf), and as soon as I sat down on the crapper and pushed, I felt the most intense pain in my anal sphincter. Like it was being pulled apart from every angle. My girlfriend, who I had woken up by screaming, was now banging on the bathroom door thinking I was being murdered.

The worst part was that I couldn't exactly pinch this bad boy off, as the seal had been broken and my 'pincher' was now severely compromised. So I pushed through the pain, and could feel the ripping worsen with each push as this dry, fibrous monster made it's way out of my asshole. After about 25 minutes I had birthed the hellsnake. I only wish I had taken a photo as this thing was a sight to behold.

A painful car journey and 3 hour wait later, the doctor said I had the worst anal fissures he had ever seen. Apparently the turd was so fat and hard it'd literally ripped my asshole open in multiple places.

Sitting is agony, they itch and burn like hell and I can feel a second boulder pushing its way into my lower intestine. 

For all you sickos:

Dimensions: Difficult to say. Closer to Randy's first record attempt than I would be comfortable disclosing.

Courics: I don't know, I forgot to contact the European Fecal Standards team for verification. I would say more than one, less than four.

Color: Dark. I drink a lot of coffee.

Texture: Like a sock filled with broken marbles. 

TL;DR Avoided bad food for months, gorged on pizza and nachos, gave birth to a baby sized turd that ripped my anal cavity open on its way out, resulting in the worst anal fissures my doctor had ever seen. AMA

Edit: I'm sorry Reddit, I didn't take a photo. I wish I did. I wish I could go back in time and fix this...wait, no I don't. I don't want this to turn into a Reddit fable where my compromised pincher is being spread between the dark corners of the web for the rest of time, so no I will not be squatting over a mirror and taking a picture of my anus. Sorry. I also love my girlfriend too much to ask her to get in there with a camera; there's no use in two people being traumatized by this.

For all those sending get well messages and asking for updates: thank you sincerely. My girlfriend got over her anxiety and collected a cornucopia of stool softeners, numbing sprays, ice packs, and everything else imaginable. Thank you all for the advice. She and the chemist shared a laugh when she showed her the story. How nice.../nAt the office today, there was a raffle for some stuffed animal toys and I won one. I chose one that looked almost exactly like my cat thinking I'd get a cute photo of them together.

I get home and put the toy on the bed next to her and snap a photo. She doesn't care, but hey, mission accomplished. 

Fast forward 6 hrs and I'm playing Rollercoaster Tycoon 2. I suddenly hear my cat howling up a storm and look over to the bed and she is crying at the stuffed version of herself. She's picking it up by the neck, dragging it around, setting it down, staring into its lifeless eyes, and just crying nonstop. 

I take it away from her but she doesn't stop howling. Her fur is all puffed up and her eyes look so scared. I think she thought it was a dead cat. I open the door to my room and she bolts out and starts cowering in the furthest corner of the apartment from my room. She won't let me near her.

I feel like a villain. I love her more than anything and now she's fearing for her life.

Tldr; I brought a stuffed cat toy home for my cat. She thought I brought her a dead cat and freaked out.

EDIT: By request, I'm paying the cat tax. This is Mushroom and she's 9 years old. I adopted her two weeks ago after fostering her for a couple months.
[Cat and cat toy](https://i.vgy.me/MyCcA7.jpg)

Edit 2: For people asking if she's okay, when I woke up this morning she was sleeping on my shoulder like always so I think she's forgiven me. However, I'm never bringing a cat effigy into the apartment again. Thanks for caring about my cat guys!!/nSo, a little bit of backstory: 

My mom used to work in a barn caring for horses. One day somebody came with a dog. It was emaciated looking, and had scars on its face. My mom felt bad for it and brought it home. We found that it was abused as a puppy and abandoned. It's now five years later and she's healthy and resilient. She's scared of anybody raising objects around her or making loud noises due to her past, but she's protective of her family and a lovely dog for the house. She's been a bit overprotective recently, growling at passersby on walks, and it's something we're working on. Being that she's a muscular, intimidating looking dog, people tend to stay away anyway. Other than that, she's a perfect pitbull.

We also just adopted a kitten (8 weeks old) and it's the tiniest, most adorable animal I've ever owned. After around a week we decided to introduce the dog to the kitten, with strict supervision. We brought them both into the kitchen and put them on the ground. Surprisingly, they sniffed each other and walked away with little interest. Oh, whatever. 

So me and my gf have to run to Walmart so we leave the two of them together, knowing they weren't really interested in one another. We leave for around half an hour, and are shocked when we walk in.

Our pitbull is in the corner of the living room, SHAKING, with her eyes open wide as the kitten pounces and chases after her tail. She's yipping at the baby kitten that weighs less than a pound. We separate them into different rooms while in tears laughing and make a note not to let them in the same room together for a while.

TLDR: Left pitbull with tiny kitten, pitbull ends up cowering in the corner while kitten plays with her tail.


EDIT: all those saying this was irresponsible, I’m going to add that they had met a few times previously and we made sure that the pitbull didn’t display aggressive behaviours toward the kitten. I am qualified with animal behaviour, and all safety was ensured. My mother was also at my house at the time.

EDIT 2: unfortunately I’ve been flooded with anti-pitbull lunatics. I may take a while to respond to my inbox./nThe lunch guy at my job thinks I'm Muslim.
It started off with a subtle "do you want the Turkey sausage instead". At this point I'm thinking "well maybe something is wrong with the pork sausage".  Admittedly, part of me suspected the mistake then because I'm pretty brown looking, I have a beard, and Arab and Desi people have mistaken me for one of their own plenty of times. Let's be real, he damn sure didn't think I was Jewish (*funny story: I'm jewish enough to legally immigrate to Israel under their current law of return but this is just a detail.*). 
But I didn't speak up. 
Well today I went to grab a pancake plate with bacon and he looked alarmed and of course I pipe up and said "oh it's fine I'll just eat around it" which is somewhat true: I don't actually like bacon and I really did just want the pancakes. I must admit however that this was to avoid confronting him on the matter (there was a whole line of people behind me). Well, as thoughtful and nice as he is, he insisted that he could make me a new one and that he would feel bad if I took the plate just to make it easier for him because then I'd be being a *bad Muslim* just to convenience him. Well then. 
This was the first time that he outright called me Muslim.
Did I come clean, confess the truth  and embarrass him? No, in fact I'm at my desk wondering what I'm going to do for Ramadan.


Edit:     

1. Thanks for the gold.           

2. The cafeteria guy is a really nice guy, loud, jokes around with everyone in such a way that every morning is almost like a group conversation between me, him, and the rest of the line. It's a great way to start a morning- the guy is very personable. The flipside is that the times where I might privately correct the matter are few and far between.           

3. *That Seinfeld interpretation was absolutely legendary.*          

4. I really wish I would have spelt *too* correctly.           

5. To everyone calling me a p\*ssy, wimp, etc: whatever makes you feel tough I guess. I had quite a bit more to say on the matter but frankly it just wasn't worth the drama.

>TL;DR    
TIFU up by being too shy to speak up and tell the cafeteria guy at my job that I wasn't Muslim, now I'm too deep in the lie, and have to roll with it until I have the courage and, more importantly, right setting to come clean. /nI'm a very socially awkward person.

So when the numerous hours of back-and-forth chit chat with women on Tinder resulted in a first date I was ecstatic. We had matched a week or two back to my surprise and started talking about our personal interests; TV shows, movies, and what not. After my conversational cannon fodder of questions started to run dry, I decided "fuck it" and asked if she wanted to see Rogue One with me last Friday night. She said yes!

The night comes and I decide to start getting ready by picking out some nice looking clothes aside from the typical bullshit that I wear on a daily basis. Jeans, a white shirt, boots, and a nice jacket I'd received from my mother on Christmas. It was raining too so I grabbed an umbrella on my way out.

I get on the train and walk to the rendezvous. I wait 10 or so minutes and see her walking down the street. Nervous, I walk out into the rain with the umbrella to meet her. We shake hands, say hi to one another, and I ask if she's ready to head down to the movie theater. She says yes and off we go.

Here's where it went south.

We're walking through the rain and come up to a big, water-filled street corner. I'm not sure whether it was nerves or my own lack of social skills which compelled me to do what I did, but I immediately stop and start to take off my jacket. Confused, she asks what I'm doing to which I reply, "I got this."  She quickly realizes what I'm about to do and starts saying "Oh, you don't have t-". 

I cut her off by throwing my jacket into this huge puddle expecting her to walk on it and onto the curb like you see in old movies/shows. The silence quickly makes me realize what I've done. I mutter out a "After you..." and she continues to stare at me.

Without a word, she ghosts me on the spot. I pick my jacket up out of the puddle and make my walk of shame home.

Maybe next time./nYes, this actually happened today, see Imgur link. Also, sorry for this being long, see tl;dr below.

I matched with a girl on Tinder today. The profile was ambiguous, just a picture of her laying down on her belly, no bio. I usually start with a creative message derived from the pictures or bio. [I decided to just message her, "I don't have much to go off from your profile. What does come to mind is that you have a nice looking butt" She responds, "Wanna touch my butt in perosn"](https://imgur.com/a/x6cAs3V) You can read the rest of the conversation from that Imgur link. Bottom line is, we decided to meet at my apartment and that I would give her $40 for some weed.

This felt like a whole new level of trashy for me. So far in life, I have only had sex with four people, and I make a serious attempt to date them. I asked my friends what I should do, they said it did not seem too sketch. I was going to say no, until I thought to myself, *"Hey dude, when you are an old man, you will regret not having casual sex with a stranger more than not knowing what could have been."*

I end up giving her my number and she calls me. There were a few things over the phone that gave me a bad feeling. First, she sounded *way* too casual over the phone. It felt like I was scheduling an appointment with a receptionist. Second, she thought that we were doing this at her place. I asked her if she had roommates, and she responded yes. I told her that it made more sense to do this at my place since I live alone. She ends up hanging up. I am thinking, *"Alright, whatever this all seemed too good to be true anyways."* She calls back 3 minutes later saying that she lost cell phone reception for a minute. This was the final item to make me feel uneasy. In hindsight she was obviously lying. The amount of time between calls was far too long for her to have just lost connection.

She agreed to do this at my place. I insisted that we get coffee first so I can make sure I am not bringing a wacko into my apartment. She agreed to that and I am feeling more comfortable now. She just asks for a ride, which was not a problem for me.

I leave to pick her up and get $40 for the bud. Up to this point, I was feeling really nervous about going through with this. Then, while I am actually going through with it, all those thoughts disappeared. I am just thinking to myself, *"Tonight is going to be fun! I am about to get a little high with a cute girl, play some Mario Kart with her, 'watch Netflix', get my dick wet, and maybe even... cuddle?"*

Little did I know, I am about to get majorly bamboozled. The address she gave me was not listed. I call her, she says just to meet her at the Rite Aid on the corner. This is when I should have known to back out. However, at this point, I am dead set on eating pussy. I meet her at the Rite Aid parking lot. She actually looks like her profile and all the nerves are gone again. She said we could expect her dealer to show up any minute. She gets the call 2 minutes later. I am thinking to myself, *"What kind of drug dealer is this prompt?"* but me being a gullible idiot, I give her my $40 anyways.

Then she meets some dude on the corner and they walk off together, not to be seen again. I immediately realize that I have been played. She texts me, "Ur beat sorry" and that was that.

Was I mad? No, not at all. The situation could have been far worse. It could have been more money. She could have been an undercover cop. She could have been lying about her age. I could have been beat up by her boyfriend. I could have gotten an STD. The list goes on folks.

Right now, I feel three things. I feel great shame, this is not the guy I am. I am just lonely and would have appreciated some sexual comfort. I also feel really bad for her. She must be in a tight spot to have gone through with that. I am sure that she needs my $40 more than I do. Finally, I feel really unlucky, as yesterday was my cake day. If this could have happened just one day earlier, my post would have been gilded *for sure*.

Ladies and gentlemen, what did we learn today? If a situation seems too good to be true, it is.

tl;dr I met a girl on Tinder who just wanted to get high and fuck. I give her the money for the weed and she just walks off with it.

Edit: Just woke up, will try to respond some of you throughout the day. Thanks for all the comments and to whoever it was that gave gold! I know, I am an idiot. I don’t mind being the *butt* of a joke though because you people are absolutely hilarious!/nThis sad tale literally just came to its bitter end.

So until 20 minutes ago I owned a gorgeous, bright yellow Death Grips hoodie that was my pride and joy. My mum bought it me for Christmas last year and it was my absolute favourite item of clothing.

Last night I went out with my mates and happened to meet an attractive Spanish girl who was just in Manchester for the weekend. We chatted for a bit and made out in the club smoking area as one does, then after a while she complained about the cold English weather. I predictably offered her my precious hoodie at this point. Fast forward a few hours and we exchange contact details as we planned to meet the next day to hang out, then she leaves the club. I realise she's still wearing the hoodie so run after her and ask for it back. 

This is where I make my fatal error, a fine example of thinking with your genitals instead of your head. I had the smart idea that if I let her keep the hoodie for the night, itll mean she HAS to meet me the next day and can't back out thus allowing me more time to charm her. I essentially used the jumper as fishing bait but didn't think that the fish could just eat said bait and swim away. *spoiler alert* This is what happened. 

The next day I awoke excited to spend some time with this girl and waited patiently for her to reply to my messages so we could arrange to meet. By 5 in the evening I start to get worried and message her again as well as asking her friend to reply to me. My messages get left 'seen' for about an hour before they both block me on all social media platforms shooting in the head any chance of me seeing my beautiful jumper ever again. 

To the Spanish girl who stomped on a nice gesture and on my heart, know that you have made me sad. 

Rest In Peace sweet banana coloured hoodie x

TL;DR Lent a hot girl my best jumper in an attempt to guarantee more courtship time, girl steals hoodie

Edit: Thanks for all the support guys this is pretty insane, also thanks for the gold and silver! To everyone offering to buy me a new one, thanks for being so kind and thoughtful but I'll have to politely decline. It would be too weird for me haha but if theres anyone in the UK that has one lying around that theyd maybe sell give me a message! x/nObligatory "didn't happen today".

When I go shopping or order things online I always give a phone number that is one digit different than mine because I don't want them to sell my info. By using the be same number every time I am consistent if I'm "already in the system".  I've been using this number for about 10 years everywhere from JCPenney to Best Buy to financial services, etc.

Yesterday I got a new client and he had the same number I've been using as my "fake number".  I tried my best not to show any emotion to hearing it but I asked him how long he's had that number.  He said "Oh, about 15 years, but I may get a new one because I get non-stop telemarketing calls."  I told him, "I get some once in awhile too. Aren't they annoying *haha*"

He says, "Yeah, I think maybe someone is giving out my number because they keep asking if {my first name} is available."

I said, "That happens to me from time to time as well, people think I'm {old homeowner's name} or {bosses name}. Oh well. Email me if you change your number."

He says "I will. Actually they ask for **you** pretty much all the time. What's your number? I bet they are getting us confused.  It seems strange almost all of them ask for you even thought we're not related".

I gave him my work number.

**tl;dr: i've been giving out a fake number and met the guy who actually has that number in real life and he gets telemarketing calls non-stop because of it.**

.
.
Edit: So tonight I had a meeting at the guy's office to go over a proposal. I spent too much time reading comments this afternoon (and felt bad) and I told him my personal number was one digit off from his.  So he says, "Yeah I figured everyone had misdialed for the last few years or this might have been your old number." He knew right away when he saw my name...

So, I never told him I had given every company on Earth his number (not knowing it was him) but I did tell him i gave the wrong number at Guitar Center a few times. Dont ask me why I came clean for one place but not the rest of them. He laughed it off.

So, I've learned not to give any more fake numbers and I did bring the guy a gift card to Longhorn Steakhouse as 'thanks and take your wife out to dinner" when in reality I felt bad because I didn't think through my actions and many of you called me out./nWell brethren, I too wanted to partake in the great Coconutting frenzy. Today was my day off and was also my wifes longest day of work. It should be mentioned shes on her period, and sex is out of the picture for her. I havent busted a nut in roughly 4 days, and the idea of penetrating a milky coconut somehow thrilled me after reading the whole coconut-fucking-bonanza today.

I went to the store, got a coconut and a bottle of wine to set the mood. After getting home, I uncorked the wine to get my buzz on and proceeded to open the coconut via hammer and nail. Once the hole was set into place, I expanded it apropriately to fit my member by using some of the untensils int he kitchen. Once I got a good fit after doing a "test run" I found the hairs to be a little too much. I shaved her in the bathroom using my wahl clippers. The preparations were made, the mood was set, and I opened up a pack of condoms and went to work on my new bitch.

Fast foward a few hours later, and my wife comes home. All is well, we ate dinner and talked, usual bullshit. I knew I fucked up when she confronted me with the condom wrappers I had used. Aparently she found them in the trash can and freaked the fuck out asking who was over.. I told her I cheated on her with a coconut. .. It took a lot of convincing and showing of reddit threads to prove I didn't have anyone else over and I simply needed a good couple of fap sessions alone. She was furious and I tried to console her by saying I'd never cheat on her with anyone..Just was having a hard time due to her time of the month and it seemed like a good idea. I'm not allowed to buy cocounuts anymore :/

TL;DR : Fucked my coconut with a condom, wife found them thought I was cheating on her, had to fess up.

/nSo some of you may remember my original post where I accidentally saw pictures of my girlfriend sucking the biggest dick I’ve ever seen:

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bo6nut/tifu_by_swiping_on_my_girlfriends_phone_nsfw/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app

I’ve had had thousands of messages asking for an update, and a similar amount of messages asking for the pictures (I don’t have them and I don’t want to see them again).

The truth is there isn’t much of an update because I never confronted her about it. I decided that it was my problem not hers, and that this may be one of those rare occasions where it would be more healthy for our relationship to leave the past in the past.

Our sex life is back to normal and I feel like I’ve mostly processed the situation in a healthy way. We all have things in our past, and the most important thing is we are happy and we love each other.  

I thought I would also use this as an opportunity to address some of the most common questions/comments.

—

WHY DOES SHE STILL HAVE THE PICTURES?

Honestly I think she probably forgot. We all have stuff on our phones going back years. I found some nudes of exes that I had forgotten about so I guess I’m as bad as her.

HOW DID YOU KNOW IT WAS HER EX?

Because I could see a gallery of thumbnails from the same set and some had his face in

WAS IT PHOTOSHOPPED OR A STRAP-ON?

No

YOU MUST BE EXAGGERATING NO DICK IS THAT BIG

2 coke cans is about right. It was bigger than her forearm.

As you can imagine, I’ve also received a bunch of dick pics in my DMs with guys comparing their dicks to 2 coke cans. Thanks for that chaps.  

A DICK THAT BIG COULDN’T GET HARD

It certainly seemed rock hard in the pictures, but she had previously mentioned that an ex had erection problems and relied on viagra. So maybe you’re right.

HER PUSSY MUST BE STRETCHED/CAVERNOUS/GAPING

She probably has the tightest vagina of all the girls I’ve been with. I guess you don’t know how vaginas work.

—

Someone told me that my original post was the most upvoted NSFW post in the history of Reddit. I don’t know if that’s true, but I guess that’s pretty cool.



TL;DR accidentally saw pictures of my girlfriend sucking the biggest dick in the world, processed the situation in a healthy way and everything is back to normal/nSo like the title said I fucked up (it was after midnight so technicly today) by having my period and getting drunk.
If your one of those guys who nearly faints when someone mentions the word period, this post aint for you, It will fuck up your life.

My son’s birthday was yesterday, so I’ve been running around all day catering everybody and making sure the kids don’t break anything/eachother. Somewhere around noon I noticed my period got heavy and I put in a tampon, and went back to my guests.

Around 7 o’clock everyone left except my husband’s best friend, I put the kids to bed and started to relax. I’ve had a wine or 2 during the day, and now with my kids in bed I treated myself to a glass of wine, and during the evening my husband and I got pretty wasted (which for my was kinda easy cos I hadnt had a drink in like 2 weeks). 
Around 11 my husband went to bed because he got tired and pretty bored with me and his friend because we where talking about games, watching trailers, that kind of stuff. And since I’ve got no gamer friends I had a good time, getting drunker by the minute. Around 00.30 husbands friend decides to go home. 

This is where my FU begins.

I was pretty drunk, and drunk me tought sexytime with husband was a good idea (cos let’s face it, drunk sexytime is the best sexytime). But then I realised I still had my tampon in, so I had to get it out (also because it’s dangerous to have it in for as long as I unknowingly had, but most because of my desired sexytime). 

I went to the toilet, ready to pull it out, when I realised I couldnt “find” it, or the string. After some fumbling around I could feel al little bit of the string, alllllll the way tucked in. I spend about 15 minutes grabbing the string, trying to pull it out, only to feel like it was stuck, and I couldnt get a good grip at it. 
I was getting annoyed at this point, fingering myself on the toilet in search of The Lost Tampon wasn’t the kind of sexytime I had in mind. 

I decided to call the HAP (I live in Holland, here we dont go to the ER for everything, we go to out “homedoctor” for small things like a cold, bump on the head, vaccinations, deep cut and so on. But outside working hours there is the HAP which is like the on duty doctor/ nurse for like 50 doctors in the area). 

Trying to sound kinda sober I explained the nurse my problem, she was kind but firm, If I didnt get the fucker out in an hour, I had to come by and they would extract it. If I would wait till morning I would have it in for 20 hours and that is dangerous.  That would mean I would have to wake-up my husband not for sexytime but for I fucked up time, and we would have to get the kids out of bed.
I wasnt gonna let that happen (primerely because Im the hilarious one in our relationship, and I wasn’t ready to hear “yo pussy so big, tampons get lost” jokes for the rest of my life). 

So before this moment I was a woman on a mission, now I was Frodo trying to get this tampon out of Sauromons grip. 

Nurse mentioned trying to squad or take a relaxing shower. 

So here I was squatting in the shower with my hand in the depths of Erebor. Still not getting good enough grip. So I take the showerhead put the waterstream on 10 and try to flush this white torpedo out. Guess what, didnt work... this goes on like 15 minutes, time is getting scarce. 

Decide to lean agains the wall squatting, and I finally have the string between the tips of my thumb and indexfinger. I AM NOT LETTING GO NOW! While I pull gentely I push like I’m in labour, and what do you think, I finally pulled the fucker out! 

I felt extatic, leaned against the wall again in relieve, feeling proud about my victory.. sexytime here I come! 

Before I leave to shower I decide to take a closer look at the fucker, wondering why It took longer for me to give birth to this annoying bugger than with my youngest son.

I look at it, lying in the corner.. and my mind goes blank for a minute... then I scream.. I would’t have flipped out more if it was the wormy thing from Alien..
...Then the realisation kicked in.. 

I.PULLED.OUT.MY.FUCKING.IUD...  insert drunken hyperventilation.. OMG I pulled out my IUD.. It was just lying there in the corner like some aborted metal fishook al bloody and gross..

If you think my FU ends here.. think again.. Keep in mind it’s around 2/3 o’clock now.

In my panic I decide to call my mom (waking-up husband isn’t nessesary annymore couse sexytime is off the table!). My father answers the phone all sleepy, and I ask for my mom. “Well sweatie, we were sleeping, whatever it is, I can help you, no need to wake your mother.” Okay... 

IWantedToHaveSexytimeWithHusbandButImHavingMyPeriodITouhgtICouldntGetMyTamponOutButNowIPulledOutMyIUD... HELPPPPP!!!!  “......”  Daddy?  “......” “M. WAKE UP YOUR DAUGHTER NEEDS YOU!” 

So now I explained to my mother what happend and she managed to calm me down, and said I needed to call the HAP again. 
So I did, got the same nurse, explained what happend. She consulted with her collegue, and asked me some additional questions to find out if Im oké.. 

“Ma’am, are you shivvering?” Yes I am. “Can you decribe how bad?” Well I was in the shower, and now I’m standing in my bathroom all naked and wet for like 15 minutes now, so I’m getting kinda cold. 
“Okay, thats a good explanation, are you dizzy ma’am?” Yes I am dizzy. “Can you decribe how dizzy?” Well I drank like a bottle of wine, thats how dizzy I am.(Muffled laughter on the other end of the phone) “Well I guess thats okay also than. Are you bleeding down there?” Yes I am. “Okay sweety how bad is it?” Well I’m heaving my period, that is how bad it is.. “Oh yeah, I forgot, so that is normal also than.” 

She suggested to go to bed, and if I felt worse I could stop by, the fact that I pulled out my IUD wasn’t so different than when I would get it removed by a nurse, altough she tought that that “would have happend more gently” (no shit Sherlock).

There is still the mistery of The Lost Tampon.. I think drunk me pulled it out earlier at night, but I have no clue.

So for not letting go drunken sexytime, I’m now not gonna have sexytime for a few weeks till I get a new IUD. And because I didn’t want to hear “Yo pussy so big” jokes, now I’m gonna hear “Remember when you got so drunk and horny you pulled out your IUD” jokes forever. Not to mention my parents now know I like drunken sexytime.. So yeah I fucked up today..

TL;DR

Today I fucked up being on my period, getting drunk, and wanting sexytime. Mistake my IUD for my tampon, ripped it out after a 2 hour struggle, and woke up my parents to tell them I fucked up because I wanted to have dunken sexytime with husband. I did not get sexytime, nor will I get it for a few weeks.

Edit: Wow this really blew up after I went to sleep! Glad to see my drunken efforts brought so much laughter! And its kinda nice to see al the shocked reactions, makes me feel a little less dumb for calling for my mommy in the middle of the night! 

Some aditional info as requested:

- A IUD is a form of birtcontrol, its like a 2cm big T shaped metal thingy which is placed in your uterus, on the bottom of the T is a little string that sticks out your uterus alllll the way up your vagina, so that they can remove it. 

- No thank God it didnt hurt (dont know if that was the wine of the fact that I gave birth to to kids)

- Yes my funzone is (apart from some trust issues) okay!

- Yes I’m fullt aware now that I didnt have to tell my parents I wanted sexytime, but drunken and horrified me couldnt care less at that moment.

- I’m 32 year old grown up mother of 2, and yes I called for my mommy

- I could have asked husband to remove The Lost Tampon, but I figured after that sexytime wouldnt be an option for him, and since that was the goal I didnt ask him. (Thank God, cause this would have scarred him for life!)

- As for The Lost Tampon.. I have no idea, I must have drunkenly removed it earlier.. else it still dwells in the depths of Erebor

Thanks for al the support, shocked reactions, compliments, laughter, silver, gold AND platinum! This made my FU a little less embarrasing!/nAlright so this was a few weeks ago. I was going to post about it then but decided to see how things healed since I knew there would probably be questions. This is long but there was a lot too it sorry.

This began as many other bad ideas do, I had smoked some herb and was horny. My roommate was out of town for the day and I had the place to myself, figured I would take advantage of the rare opportunity and try to enjoy something more than just a speed fap. I pulled out the fleshlight that  I rarely use and started to get to work. I was at my computer but could not really get into it. Trying to operate the mouse and the fleshlight while lubed up was too cumbersome and it just felt like jacking off with more steps involved(the main reason I don't really use it). I pulled up some porn on my phone and tried to find a way to stuff the fleshlight between my mattress, and then in a shoe for a hands free experience but still was having trouble so gave up.  

Leaning over the bed my box fan was blowing on my bare ass so I went over too shut it off and that's when I got the idea. I took the front grill off and duct tape the back of the fleshlight too the center of the fan. Overwhelmed with anticipation of my new discovery I lubed up my boner, inserted it and turn on the fan. It felt extremely good but was not quite working, the fan was too weak and the friction was slowing it down nearly to a stop, I knew I was onto something and needed a bigger fan. Being walking distance from a Walmart I headed over.  

They had a couple to choose from I almost went with the biggest $140 drum fan since bigger seemed better(REALLY glad I didn’t) but instead opted for the $60 Industrial floor fan that seemed like It would be more than good enough for the job at hand. I also happened to pick up one of those stupid hands free phone supports that go around your neck so I could have the ultimate experience. At this point I couldn’t wait and basically power walked home with this giant box. I opened it up, took off the front grill and rigged it up the same way. Phone around my neck, looking like an idiot, I lubed up and inserted my dong.

What came next was pure heaven, this was legit one of the best things I have ever felt. The fleshlight was slightly off center so it almost made it vibrate while spinning. The vibration mixed with the spinning, the nubs in the fleshlight and manual thrusting in and out was insane. I tried the second speed but that was too much to handle. Just as I was really getting into it my phone began to ring, my sister was calling which she doesn’t normally do unless it’s important. I stopped the fan while still inserted and talked with her on the phone for around 5 minutes. After we finished the call I turned my video and then the fan back on.

This was my big mistake, at this point my meat was nearly flaccid but still stretched out a bit in the fleshlight. In order to secure it to the fan the bottom of the flesh light had to be completely tightened. The bottom usually has a release valve so you can control how much suction there is on the inside, completely tightened is maximum suction. Before I could even comprehend what was happening I felt some tightening and then a searing pain in my penis. My brain took me a second to process before I pulled my dick out and I literally saw it unwind in front of me. I’m uncertain how many times, was at least a couple and the sight of this along with the pain in my wiener caused me to black out. When I came too I shut off the fan which was still spinning and my shlong was feeling red hot. Panicking I just pranced around the gripping it. Other than being really red and shriveled in it looked fairly normal no rips that I could see. Being high and extremely embarrassed I grabbed some frozen vegetables, placed them on my rod and decided to wait it out a bit.  

The waiting was horrible but couple hours in everything seemed to be getting a bit better until I had too pee which just felt like lava dribbling from my shaft. At this point I was feeling more sober and drove myself too the urgent care where I was seen by a doctor and then directed to a urologist. I came clean since I wanted a proper diagnosis and you can imagine the reaction. Almost seemed like he was more disappointed in me with every question I answered. I was given a Cavernosography where they inject die into your cock before an X-ray to see if the vessels are damaged and an MRI. He said that  I may suffer some permanent damage from the penile torsion I was very scared waiting for the results.

That is the point I was originally going to write this but this is the update after 3 weeks. Everything came back good, the inflammation was likely causing the pain inside while urinating, the pain on the outside was from a friction burn, basically after me dick twisted as much as it could the fleshlight was still moving around it for a few rotations and gave me a burn across my whole dick. That has since cleared up and everything is back around 80%. Now that I’m getting boners again I’m honestly half temped to try again since it felt so good. Just remember if you try this to stay extremely hard and well lubricated the whole time.

TL;DR Was high and horny got the idea to duct tape a fleshlight to an industrial fan. Things went wrong when I turned it on with a flaccid penis. My dick twisted multiple times before I passed out. After seeing a urologist no permanent damage was incurred besides some inflammation and a friction burn on my entire shaft. Everything is feeling good again and may give it another go in the future./n 

Didn't happen today, on mobile, throwaway account etc.

My job requires me to travel a lot between the USA and Canada - I have a 50/50 client split between the two places, so although I am based in Los Angeles, I fly into Toronto every few weeks.

All of my family and friends are also in LA, and I'm from a very conservative background, so when I realized at about age 12 that the thought of both girls and boys made me want to fiddle with my diddle, I kept the latter quiet to avoid being disowned by my father or giving my mom a heart attack. I've had plenty of girlfriends before and they're happy, I'm happy and there's no need to change that. Anyway.

I headed out to Toronto last Friday morning for a few meetings. Every now and then, I'll have meetings Friday and Monday, so I'll stay the weekend and have a little bit of a holiday in a nice hotel somewhere.

At about 4pm on Friday, I had finished my work, checked into my hotel and was feeling a bit horny. Anyone in the bi community will know it's easier to pickup guys then girls, so I downloaded Grindr, created an account, uploaded a few pictures (without my face - half because I'm ugly and half because I don't want to be recognized) and did some browsing. Some 20ish minutes in - I got a message. This guy was about my age, didn't have a picture, but gave me a description of himself and he sounded like a good way to spend my Friday night.

We start to make a plan for 7pm and he mentions he's married and asks if I'd be interested in his husband coming along and having a little threesome action. Now a threesome wasn't on my to-do list, but I'll give anything a go once so I said what the hell.

Anyways, it comes around to 6:30pm and I get a call. I have two SIM cards in my phone (one from Canada and one from the USA). It's my cousin who lives in Canada. I only speak to this guy probably 2-3 times a year, so it's a little weird, but not any cause for concern or anything and I was a bit busy at the time with some prep, so I let it go to VM. 60 seconds later, a txt. From my cousin:

&#x200B;

*"Hi it's xxxxx from Grindr. We're 2 minutes away, OK if we're a bit early?"*

&#x200B;

It took me about 30 seconds, but it clicks. Canada. Gay Married Cousin. The Description Matches. Holy fucking shit, I just organised a threesome with my cousin.

I sat there in the bathroom, trying not to have a panic attack for a few minutes until my phone rings again. Now obviously I'm not going to answer it, and I'm just praising god that I gave him my Canadian number over Grindr that he didn't have, and that I had him saved in my phone. The room phone begins to ring as well. Holy shit.

I swear to god, I have never put on clothes so fast and bolted down 30 floors of stairs so fast. At the bottom of the staircase, I was straight through that fire door and hid in the nearest McDonalds for the next 4 hours. 14 missed calls (10 from my cousin, 4 from hotel reception) and I took the SIM card out of my phone and snapped it in half. Found a new hotel room that night just in case. Have to come up with an excuse for work and my clients as to why I need a new Canadian number, but I think it was better than the other option...

&#x200B;

**TL;DR Went to Canada for work, wanted a quick hookup, didn't do my due diligence and almost ended up having a threesome with my gay cousin and his husband, ran away and hid in a McDonalds for 4 hours**/nToday was a lounging, do-nothing day. I (22) watched some Netflix in the living room while my brother (24) played games in his room and my older brother (27) had work. The evening came, my brother came home from work and went to talk with my other brother in his room. 

My mom called to ask what ingredients we had around the house so she can pick up stuff for dinner. An hour later she called to let me know she'll be home soon and my brothers and I have to dispute who has to help her bring groceries in. 

I went to my brothers, "Hey, you two have to pick which one of you have to help mom bring groceries in. She'll be home in 5 minutes." I walked away like I was so clever, not including myself as an option. 

"Why doesn't she help?" I hear one say to the other. "I dunno," the other says. 

A few minutes pass and the two of them came out of the room and approached me on the couch. 
"You grab the arms, I'll grab the legs?" 
"Yup."

My older brother grabbed my ankles and the other my arms. I made it a little difficult though, I stiffened (which is probably easier) and I crossed my arms holding my elbows close to my torso so he didnt have anywhere to hold except a poor grip on my shoulders. 

Being the weak noodle I am, I couldn't hold my arms in long enough. He grabbed my upper arms and they carried me toward the stairs to the front door. I half expected they wouldn't bring me outside, but I knew they would go all the way even when I had no jacket or shoes.

I didnt want to be carried awkwardly down the stairs so as we got closer, I struggled. I kicked my legs with little effort because I didnt want to hurt anyone, and since that didnt really work I had an idea. Risky. I lifted my arms straight up so my brothers hands would lose grip an drop me. 

I dropped slowly since he was still trying to hold me with my arms up (I was wearing a long sleeve bunched at my elbows) but as I hit the floor I realized my shirt had lifted. My sleeves must have been pulled off my arms, lifting the rest.

It was over. My ankles were released. 

I put my now freed hands down over my chest and feel my nipple. Yup. The brother by my feet definitely saw. I noticed he was looking away at the moment, but I was sure he saw when it happened. 

Thankfully I am small chested, so I'm not as embarrassed as someone else would be. 
But it is still awkward to think about.

P.S. Sorry bro....

TLDR: decided not to wear a bra today. my brother saw my nipple. 


Edit: I was home for the holidays from college, moving into a new place with my fiance this May. My brothers help support our single mom. Stop assuming people are fuckups 👍🏻

Why do people assume so many negative things lmao


*** probably will delete this post within a few days. It's obvious, with my previous edits, that most of you dont read before commenting. I also dont know how this got so many upvotes but here I am. TIL that r/thatHappened exists #redditnoob. Thanks for front paging my first post, for the awards, and for the rare positive comments. *** /nThis happened last night. 

So I'm a theatre kid at my high school and our first night of our play was last night. The day before, everyone on the cast was given brand new LAV microphones (the wire mics that you tape to your face). Unfortunately, I didn't know this. See, the old mics were only activated by the sound director, meaning it only worked if a switch on the sound board was flipped. The new ones, however, turn on automatically when you pass a certain area on stage. I think you can kind of see where this is going. 

So anyways, there was one part where I had to strip my costume (button-down shirt and khakis essentially) and change into a very pg-13 toga costume, then put my original costume back on as quickly as possible. So after I get up on stage, do my cute little toga thang, rush back offstage to return to my original outfit. Once I was offstage, I began changing directly in front of the door I had just exited. This was because I had forgotten that someone else had to get on stage before I returned. So this asswipe rushes past me, and with the force of Thor Almighty, and swings the door wide open, exposing my asscheek to THE ENTIRE CAST AND A GOOD 40% OF THE AUDIENCE. I freaked the fuck out and turned into [Patrick fucking Star](https://youtu.be/Kaqa2N_O-KE) as I ran to shut the door. Here's the FU. 

So here I am, half naked, shivering, super embarrassed, I reached out to grab the doorknob. I made eye contact with the guy who had just made me flash all these poor people, and I instinctively gave him a good ol' fashioned American "MOTHERFUCKER!". I swear to fucking god the door stretched as I was reaching for the doorknob, because next thing I know, I was on stage, PANTS STILL DOWN, and heard a sea of gasps flood the auditorium. Turns out the mic boundary was just barely passed where I was standing. So yes, the cast, the crew members above and behind me, as well as the 860+ wonderful audience members heard me loud and clear. On top of that, I didn't just say it, I screamed, so that shit echoed and bounced off the walls like crazy. Here's what it was like from the audiences perspective:

"Say, do you like canned salmon?"
"I'm quite fond of it, yes."
*door opens*
"Oh, there he is! This is my husb-"
*skinny Asian boy with red boxers waddles on stage*
"MOTHERFUCKER^fucker^^fucker^^^fucker!"
*door slams*
"....Well....how do you do Madame?"

Safe to say I'll never be in another production at my school again. 

TL;DR- I unintentionally flashed like 200 people, then waddled with my pants at my ankles to close the door, screamed a vulgar word, and became the most infamous theatre student at my school. 

In words of the old Western prospectors: GOLD! YEEE-HAWWW!!! Thanks, Stranger!

EDIT- ok I don't know how mics work, sorry!
ANOTHER EDIT- If you know who I am, shhhhh 
AND ANOTHER- numbers. /nA couple months ago, it was date night with my bf and I was PUMPED to finally relax after a rough week. My boyfriend (who asked to be called Magnum here 🙄 🙄so I'll refer to him as M) and I ended up making stuffed crust pizza. With grilled onions, sausage, and a fuck ton of cheese, it looks fucking amazing. So does M, so while waiting for it to bake, we head back to the bedroom to do things.

&#x200B;

After blowing him, I pulled off to swallow, but I couldn't -- my jaw was locked wide open!

&#x200B;

Super embarrassed, I ran into the bathroom to get his cum out of my mouth. It was still stuck in the back of my throat, but I couldn't swallow or spit, so I tilted my mouth forward to allow his baby gravy to slowly drip out my mouth into the sink.

&#x200B;

We try everything—forcing my jaw shut with hands, aggressively wiggling it, massaging, praying to Jesus to forgive me for my premaritial sins, but it's still stuck wide open. Trying to make a little more tolerable, I took ibuprofen with wine, dumbly forgetting I can't swallow. So there I was, choking on his semen, wine, pills, and drool uncontrollably flowing out of my mouth. To make matters worse, M eats the pizza in front of me, it smells delicious, and obviously I can't have any.

&#x200B;

At \~4am, we give up the home remedies and Uber to the ER. I attempt to explain my situation to the receptionist with my mouth wide open and drool dripping onto my shirt. She's probably like, "why is this guy taking advantage of this poor retarded girl?" I write down that I'm nauseous and worried I'll die from sucking dick and choking on my own vomit, and get seen pretty quickly. We end up with an audience of about \~5 other curious doctors while this guy inspects my jaw.

&#x200B;

One asks, "How did this happen?"

Me: ...

Another doctor: "Did you yawn?"

Me: ...uh...yeah...

🤦‍♀️

&#x200B;

One doctor massages my neck while the other one sticks his hands into my mouth and pushes my back teeth back. It hurts like a bitch—this guy's applying his whole body weight into my teeth and I can feel his arms shaking as he leans into me.

&#x200B;

But then!! Suddenly everything feels right again. It's all in place!!!

&#x200B;

We go home and the pizza is STILL good the next morning, and everything is okay. Well, besides having to send an ER bill home to my parents and explain that it was from dislocating my jaw :( M looked awfully smug the whole time, but I appreciated him coming w me to the ER and letting me drool all over him

&#x200B;

TLDR: Dislocated my jaw by sucking dick. I had to go to the ER at 4am, watch my bf eat the pizza we made together when I couldn't, and publicly humiliate myself

&#x200B;

edit: wow this hit the front page, can't bleieve this is my claim to fame/nThe male community is pretty split on the forest vs clearing debate when it comes to bums. I happen to like a well manicured booty. Normally, I use a trimmer with no gaurd because it's fast and trying to manuver a razor back there is far too risky. I do this every couple of weeks or so.

The downside to this method is that it doesnt get super close and leaves a a little butt stubble. I was lamenting this fact to my wife when she lit up and offered up a genius solution. "You should let me nair your butt." Said she, with a gleam in her eyes. "Its easier than a trimmer and it will make your butt super smooth."

"Well, okay." Says I.

Elated, she runs to grab the tube, sits down face level with my butt and goes to town with a little more fervor than you would expect for someone tasked with rubbing cream on a hairy man butt. Marriage is strange. A few minutes later, I wash it off in the shower and we gush over how baby-smooth things are down there. I mean a baby dolphin would be jealous of this thing. It was like silk and rubber got together for a night of sweet love and produced an offspring. I finally understood what that Santara song was about. All was good in the world. Or so I thought.

The next day I noticed some slight itchiness, but I figured it would pass, so I just tried to ignore it and focused on not scratching it as best as I could. Later that night, my wife and I got undressed and got in the shower together. We were having an unrelated conversation, when I remembered the itchiness I had been feeling throughout the day and told her about it. "Well turn around so I can take a look." So I turned around, stuck it out, and awaited her analysis.

...

Dead silence. 

I turned back around to find her with her hands over her mouth trying her hardest to hold in a laugh. I craned my neck and twisted my body to try to get a view myself, and I was met with a horrifying sight. Like a thief in the night, somone had stolen the silky smooth booty that was there just mere hours before and replaced it with one that was COVERED in huge, bright red bumps. Unable to contain it any longer, my wife busted out laughing, while I jumped out of the shower to inspect it closer in the mirror. Overnight, it had gone from glorious, shimmering dolphin fin to 14 year old getting slapped in the face by puberty.

My wife maintains the hypothesis that it was an alergic reaction to the hotel soap possibly somehow exacerbated by the nair, as I did get a few small bumps on other parts of my body, but nothing like the warzone that my backside now looks like.

I maintain that it was sabatoge because she was jealous and wanted to have the only smooth bum in the house.

Moral of the story: never challenge a woman's rightful status of smoothest booty. 

TL;DR: I let my wife nair my butt and now it looks like Freddy Kruger face fucked a topographical map of Utah./nThis happened yesterday, but anyways here goes.

Yesterday, there was a Magic the Gathering tournament at my local hobby shop.  My girlfriend decided to tag along and come support me.  I ended up doing pretty poorly (1-3), but the hobby shop gave out a consolation prize of a random foiled uncommon card.  The card that I received was called "Thought Erasure" and immediately held the card up to my girlfriend and said "AND I CAST THOUGHT ERASURE, BE GONE THOT!" as a joke, but said it pretty loudly.  The shop is pretty small and a lot of people caught wind of my act and needless to say my girlfriend was very embarrassed.  We're home now and she still hasn't spoken to me. I'm fucked boys.


Tl;DR: Casted Thot Erasure on my girlfriend and now I'm afraid it may have worked. 

Update: Girlfriend broke up with me. :(
/nThis happened to me 21 years ago!So, halfway through grade 4, my family and I moved from Texas to Colorado. To help me get accustomed to my new classmates and not be overwhelmed on my first day, my teacher had me come in early and sit at my desk while the other students came in. While I was nervously awaiting the arrival of my new classmates my teacher walked over and gave me a warning.

“Now, the girl in front of you is a dork. Please don’t make fun of her.”

Hearing this, the nine-year-old me instantly came to this poor girl’s defence. The teacher had just called her a dork, and I thought this was extremely mean. So I tried to help this unmet girls aid by showing our camaraderie to the teacher:

“That’s okay, there’s nothing wrong with that. In fact, I used to be one too!” After admitting this to my teacher I was suddenly overcome with a fear that teacher would think of me as a dork forever, abandoning my plan of trying to help this girl I quickly added, “But then I grew out of it.”

The teacher gave me the most puzzled look I have ever seen and seemed like she was about to say more but decided against it and left.All the kids came in and sat down at their desk and I looked up at the girl in front of me and realized I had misheard what my teacher said. The girl wasn’t a dork; she was a dwarf. I had just told the teacher I used to be a dwarf, but I had grown out of it.

tl;dr Misheard the teacher and then told her I used to be a dwarf but grew out of it.



Edit: I got Gold! Thanks kind person! :D

Edit: And a silver! Thank you! :D
I'm glad my mistake paid off 21 years later and become my most upvoted post! xD/n*Throwaway because only Reddit can know that my life is written and directed by Adam Sandler.* 

**List of fuck ups I've experienced so far - the 2019 issue:**

1.

Mispronounced my new girlfriend's name when I introduced her to old friends of mine.

2.

Dropped an F bomb during an important job interview when I accidentally bit my own tongue.

3.

Ignored my broken tooth for weeks and ended up in hospital with inflamed and infected gums. 

4.

Changed my Instagram name to @onetruegenuis and realized I misspelled 'genius' when several of my friends and colleagues jumped on the chance to point out the irony of my illiteracy. 

5.

Unknowingly opened a dick pic sent to me from my father who thought he was sending that shit to my mom. 

6.

Speaking of dick, somehow drunk me managed to get his poor balls stuck on his zipper twice in one night (the second time I had to call my best friend for a helping hand: I said no homo, he did not). 

7.

Took a random ride on my younger cousin's BMX bike, sat my ass down mid-ride, and was painfully reminded there was nothing but exposed steel to fucking sit on (tl:dr got butt raped by BMX).

8.

Suffered an asthma attack while masturbating in the shower and almost blacked out while waiting for my dick to defuse before I had the courage to call my roommate for my inhaler. 

9.

Visited my sister in law who told me not to freak out if her pet bird decides to fly over to sit on my shoulder. The bitch fucking flew like 10 seconds later and I freaked the fuck out. I dodged the damn bird on instinct and inadvertently caused it to fly face first into the window behind me. It survived, but my sister in law made damn sure I didn't. 

*To be continued.* 

**TL:DR A statement no one asked for reflecting half my fuck ups in half a year**/nAs with most things this happened last week. I'm currently deployed in the middle east. We got off work a little later than expected and missed the galley hours so we stopped at the mini mart on base to grab some food. They have a decent selection mostly just your typical gas station food. So some guys grab cold sandwiches or microwavable burritos, I decided to go for the chef boyardee classic spaghetti and meatballs. Now you have to heat you food at the mini mart because they don't trust us with microwaves in our rooms. You'll understand why soon enough. I put my spaghetti in the microwave and set the timer.  We are just bullshiting in the mini waiting for our food when all of a sudden a loud bang what sounded like a gunshot goes off behind us and without skipping a beat there were 4 marines M16s raised yelling at everybody to get down as they make their way through the shop clearing the isles straight towards us. That's when I realized I forgot to remove the metal top from the spaghetti. I had to show them the inside of the microwave now covered in spaghetti sauce and meatballs before they finally relaxed and put their guns down. I ended cleaning the microwave and buying a second chef boyardee.





TL;DR I microwaved a chef boyardee with the metal top on creating a small spaghetti bomb surrounded by a bunch of trigger happy marines Creating a really world close quarters drill./nA little background: my girlfriend’s family is extremely conservative. Like goes-to-church-twice-every-Sunday-and-never-swears conservative. While they are really nice people, it’s a challenge for my heathen self to successfully endure a whole weekend with them without saying something that brings shame to my name. Onward...

So earlier tonight, my girlfriend’s family decided to play some games together. We settled on Drawful (a game that allows you to draw things from your phone). This is where things go south... 

After choosing our character names, you have to draw your character. Seems cool, right? However, this is my first time playing and everyone failed to mention that once you start drawing, YOU CAN’T ERASE. So being the funny guy I am, I draw this huge, veiny dick and secretly show it to my girlfriend in front of me. We have a good laugh because we both knew damn well that her family would be mortified if it showed up on the screen. As a joke, my girlfriend pretends to hit “submit,” on my phone. In reality, she REALLY DID HIT SUBMIT. Next thing I know, my character name pops up on the tv with a huge, contoured schlong. There was no mistaking this beauty, either. I feel my heart skip a beat. I looked around and accidentally make eye contact with her 12-year-old sister, who looks at me with a disappointment unmatched by anything I’ve experience before.

I panic. I try to exit out of the game, but my Dick-asso masterpiece remains in the center of the screen. I stare at my phone to avoid the look from her parents. I try to pretend that I have no idea what happened. 

The game starts and every round, without fail, my pork sword drawing makes it way around the screen. I don’t say a single word. The room is uncomfortably silent. I hear the occasional giggle from my girlfriend, and I’m doing my best not to explode inside.

The game FINALLY ends after what feels like a year. I select the new character screen and her dad says, “What? You don’t want to keep your big penis on there? Jesus would be so proud on this Easter weekend.”

Safe to say my girlfriend (more her family) isn’t the one for me. 

TL;DR: I played Jackbox’s Drawful with my girlfriend’s family. I joking drew a huge dick as my character and my girlfriend accidentally submitted it. So there I was on the tv, identifiable as a veiny dick in front my girlfriend’s sheltered, conservative family...


EDIT: the comment about her not being the one for me was sarcastic. We’ve been together for almost two years. I’m just mortified to show my face to her dad for a while/nThis happened last week. I was in a hurry to get to the grocery store pharmacy to pickup a prescription about 20 minutes before work. I pulled into the parking lot, walk through the door, and I hear in an automated, LOUD, voice, “THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT SAFEWAY!”  
Slightly startled by the unexpected greeting, I continue to the pharmacy at the back of the store. Multiple times I hear, “WELCOME TO SAFEWAY!” And “THANK YOU FOR CHOOSING YOUR LOCAL SAFEWAY.” And I think to myself how annoying this booming robo greeter was.  
  
  After I pickup my script, I grab a couple other quick items and proceed to the U-Scan to check out and I am constantly hearing this booming robo-voice. After I finish at U-Scan and turn to leave I see a manager speaking to the U-Scan clerk and decide to take the opportunity to tell her, “You guys have got to get rid of that robot greeter. That THING is SOOOOOO annoying!”    
The manager looks at me like I’m A FUCKING MONSTER and says, “There is NO WAY we are getting rid of Sarah! She isn’t going ANYWHERE!”       
  
Confused and surprised I bit my tongue and gave her a look like like she’s crazy and go to leave, running the confusion through my head, looking down as I walk. Then I go to exit and hear the robo greeter thanking me for shopping, and I look up. Turns out the robo-greeter Sarah is a human woman named Sarah with ALS or some kind of similar Hawking-esque catastrophic disability. She was using a computer tablet attached to her wheelchair to select greeting messages for customers as they enter and exit.   My stomach immediately SANK and my face turned red as I walked back out to my car in shock at my own assholery...

TL;DR I told the grocery store to fire their robo-greeter that was actually a severely disabled woman.   
  
EDIT - Just to clarify, I think this is HYSTERICAL now. I find great hilarity at my own blunder, which is why I decided to share. I’m not going to a different store. I have no shame in going back there at all. 

Visual Aid - https://imgur.com/a/pH9hxkC/nWriting this from the bathroom as I just realized what happened. 

Home for the holidays. My family got an Amazon Alexa a couple of years ago, and my parents never quite figured out how to actually make it work. It used to be set up under my account, but when I moved out last year I transferred everything to my mom. It’s in the kitchen, and she mostly uses it for timers while cooking. 

Our family likes off-beat Christmas music, and I spent a while some time back curating it all on to a special Spotify playlist for us. We like to listen to it as we have brunch and open presents on Christmas morning. 

Here’s where the FU starts. Yesterday I wanted to play a new song I heard for my mom. I couldn’t get the Echo to find it, so I had to connect my phone via Bluetooth. The family all got new phones a month ago, so there were no devices automatically connected. I paired my phone and played the song. 

This morning, before a long day of family, small talk, presents and whatnot, I was mentally preparing myself for the day in my childhood bed. You know, relieving some stress.... with videos. Oddly enough none of the videos I stumbled upon had sound. I wrote it off as shoddy sources and finished the deed. 

When I came downstairs to say good morning and merry Christmas to the family, my sister greets me with “you need to play the playlist from your phone, I can’t get the Echo to connect to my phone.” “Okay, no problem, I’ll connect my phone.” “I was trying to connect mine, and I think yours is already connected.”

Not sure what my family heard playing over the Echo this morning, but it wasn’t my usual Christmas playlist. 

tl;dr paired my new phone to my family’s Echo yesterday. Went to tug one out this morning in my childhood bed, and I’m pretty sure that soundtrack blasted in the kitchen for my family. /nNot today, about 9 years ago. This story is one that stills keeps me awake at night begging for death.

**BACKSTORY**

I was 15, just an awkward high schooler from the suburbs of Melbourne. I wasn't popular by any means, but I had a few good mates and while none of us had a girlfriend, we were always full of bullshit stories about our sexual conquests. "Oh, she's from another school you don't know her", "It was on holiday", "And then her friend joined in", etc. Between us we must have fucked half the female population of Australia before hitting 16. But in reality all of us probably would have killed each other if it meant a shot at ditching the V plates.

Anyway, as the school year's finishing up and everyone's gearing up for Summer, there's talk about some of the popular kids heading out of town on a bit of a camping trip, out on this king-of-the-jocks types cousins farm. Everyone wanted in. A big piss up away from adults filled with the hottest girls from our year? Come on. If us boys could score an invite we'd finally be able to prove to each other just how much game we had.

I wasn't so naive as to actually bother asking for an invite. There was no chance of us getting a look in, we simply did not have that kind of status. But then, on the first day of the summer break, one of the guys hits me up with a text; "we're in, pack your shit." Fortunately for us, his much cooler sister from the year below ours had been immediately invited, and through the age old art of sibling blackmail, he'd wrestled the details out of her. It wasn't an invite per se, but we knew where to go and I doubt we rated high enough to even bother asking to leave.

Due to the nature of the impending debauchery, we had absolutely no interest in our parents catching on to the vibe of the trip and decided to get ourselves there. An hour and a half on the train out of town, a bus ride and about a thirty minute walk later we arrive at the campsite. It wasn't really a farm, it was just this massive property that made money as a sort of backup scout camp most of the year, but the owner was letting us have it for the weekend while it was empty.

We shouldn't have worried about not getting an invite, it seemed like half the year level had rocked up. Looking back I honestly have no idea how a group of 14-16 year olds got their hands on as much alcohol as they did but this thing was **stocked**. We were on some *Project X* shit, a whole bunch of sex crazy teenagers out in the sticks drinking themselves stupid. This was my first experience properly drinking, and despite my apparent long list of sexual conquests, my first time really hanging out with girls.



**THE PISSENING**

One of the great things about binge drinking is how it tends to break down social barriers and make you realise that most people are actually pretty cool once they drop the act. One of the terrible things about binge drinking is how it tends to break down urinal barriers and make you realise that no matter how recently you took a piss, you're gonna be busting for another in no time.

For example, late into the evening, I found myself sitting on a log, alone with a girl I'd never have had to balls to speak to before. A classic popular high school girl, way out of my league. But here we were, her downing vodka from the bottle, me sinking tinnies (of sweet, sugary, girly cider).

Things get a little blurry, but I remember getting increasingly closer and closer until we were making out. We were pretty awkwardly positioned on this log, and in an attempt to disguise my own overly excited log I was sort of leaning forward with my arm tucked into my stomach. My elbow was pushing up hard against my bladder. I suddenly became aware of a desperate need to pee, but I wasn't gonna be a fucking idiot by ending this action to get up and go empty the tank. I needed to be stoic. I could pee when I'm dead.

My unwelcome rock hard guest was at this point making a pretty good go of trying to break free from my pants, and this girl could tell. To my teenage delight, rather than retracting in horror she didn't seem to mind and decided to work with it. Unzip. Pull free. Spit in the hand. She knew what she was doing. But the unrelenting excitement that should have been my first handjob became sheer panic as I felt the flood gates reaching breaking point. Within milliseconds, the thought left my brain and travelled south.

Before the words "oh shit stop" could leave my mouth I became a human Super Soaker, releasing a veritable Niagara falls skyward into the small space between us. By the time she'd pulled away in drunken horror, my liquid fury was all over both of us. Her face was contorted into a mixture of confusion and rage, and before either one of us says anything I'm on my feet running for the hills, attempting to tuck my still flowing hose away. She's yelling after me, "what the fuck is wrong with you?", as people look over at the chaos.

After hiding away in my tent for a short time, king-of-the-jocks less than politely told me that it was time for me to leave and to take my guys with me. They were not impressed. I called my dad to come and pick us up at two in the morning. He was not impressed. As for the girl? The reputation that followed me around school for the following three years makes me think that she was, in fact, not impressed. 

**Tl;dr** Things were getting a little wild post my first make out sesh with a hot girl, but after foolishly ignoring my bladder liquid gold rained down on the both of us and I ran like the wind. Got myself and my mates kicked out of the party of the year, and had my dad drive an hour and a half out at 2am to pick us up.

Edit: Thanks for my first ever (non liquid) gold!

Edit 2: To all those asking about my ability to take a piss while standing to attention, I dunno what to tell you. Is it a super power? Am I broken? We may never know. But I can safely say that I don't partake often due to urine related ptsd.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Follow up:** Thanks for all the kind words, I'm glad this harrowing moment of adolescence made you laugh. I can't reply to all the comments but to those asking what happened to the girl, I don't think we ever spoke again but still saw each other in classes and stuff, just forever avoiding eye contact. As for my group of mates, it didn't take them too long to forgive me, and it eventually just became one of those story's that is brought up at every possible opportunity. I still get roasted for it./nObligatory it happened a month ago. 

I started hooking up with this guy from Tinder. He lives with his brother in an apartment, and his mother comes occasionally to spend time with them. 

We decided to indulge in a little herb smoking one Saturday night. The munchies kicked in around 2AM so we made some potato wedges in the air fryer. Came back and spooned to sleep. 

I wake up the next morning, with his morning wood pressed to my butt. This, for some reason turned me on and we proceeded to have lazy spooning sex at 6:30AM.  

Midway through it, we heard his apartment's main door open. Tinder dude stopped and got up, confused. I was still lying on the bed, wearing his t-shirt and boxers, which were pulled down to my knees. Ass visible, in all it's glory. 

Now I was still under the impression that his room's door was locked. I was wrong. His mother opened the door and I swear she had the same expression as the shocked Pikachu meme. :o

She immediately closed the door. I ran to the washroom and got dressed, and hid inside for a good 20 minutes trying to figure out if jumping from the washroom window would be a good escape plan or not. 

Turns out she came early to take the dog (who was in the same room as us the entire time) for her vet appointment. 

I left as soon as she left.

She later had a conversation with her 22 year old son about consent, and respecting women. She asked him if I was his girlfriend, to which he had to explain his very catholic mother that "we're just two friends trying to figure things out". 

Spoiler: we ended up dating. Thankfully his mother joked it off the next time we met saying "hi, I'm *****, Tinder guy's mom. I didn't get a chance to introduce myself the last time we met." (Chuckles). 

Tl;dr: Tinder date and I got too baked and forgot to lock the room. Woke up the next morning to pip pip the diddly doo and got walked in on by the dude's mum. And that's the story of how my now SO's mom saw my bare ass before she could see my face first.

PS:  we never ate the wedges and he found them lying in the air fryer a week later. 

Edit: thanks for the gold, kind stranger!

Edit 2: holy shit I can't believe this blew up. My account is juuuusssttt 4 days old. Man I love Reddit. 

Edit 3: This one's more like a clarification. I live in a non first world country where it's fairly common for people to live with their parents/for parents to come over. His mom was supposed to pick the dog up to take her to the vet, and was being nice by not wanting to wake her son up. She had the house keys, which is again, fairly normal here. WE were dumbasses. 

Calm yer titties Reddit. /nFor those of you that are as unaware as I am, don’t wear shorts, flip flops, or hats into court. I went to go pay a ticket (expired tags) at my scheduled time and saw “NO SHORTS, FLIP FLOPS, HATS, UNTUCKED SHIRTS...” in bold letters on the door. Fortunately for me, the front desk had extra slacks on hand for this very thing. Unfortunately for me, the slacks were a size 32, and I haven’t been a size 32 since high school... I’m a big guy who’s been “blessed” with thick thighs (heard they’re in style). These slacks were so tight, I couldn’t zip them past the first rung. All I could do was throw my belt on, cinch it tight, and throw my shirt over it all to hide the undesirables. These things looked like yoga pants on me.

I’d guess about 30 people were in the court room, spread out amongst the benches. I was capable of slipping behind everyone without them seeing and sitting on the back bench. One lady enters right before go time and asks me to scoot back so she could get by. I said “Ma’am, if I bend my legs I’ll bust these pants wide open.” She looks down, sees my pants and starts snickering, then steps over me. 

After the judge said his speech, he began to call people 1 by 1 as they said their plea. He allowed us to stand where we were and shout our plea towards him (WIN). Everyone before me requested a conference. I was fourth to be called. 

Judge: “QTVain how do you plea?”

Me: “Guilty, sir. I would just like to pay my ticket.”

Judge: “Alright, that’s 100 dollars, please step up to the front, sign this document and the officer will escort you to the cashier.”

Me: *panicking* “Uh yes, sir”

As I’m waddling up to the front, it really dawned on me that I looked like a bum off a three day bender. Flip flops (that were clearly not allowed), the tightest pants you’ve ever seen on a man, and an untucked t-shirt. I’m starting to hear people fighting back laughter as I walk by every damn bench.

Judge: “Didn’t meet the dress code huh?”

Me: “Sir, these people behind me know more about my body than I do right now. I’d really like to pay my ticket and go.”

Judge: “Ha, fair enough. Get outta here.”

I waddled out of there as quickly as I could and threw my shorts on in the bathroom. Told my wife what happened when I got home. “Yah I thought it was weird you went into court with shorts, I was going to tell you but forgot.”

“Thanks babe.”


TL;DR Check your local courts dress code before attending. I didn’t, and wore the wrong attire. 

Edit: Hey y’all, I get it. I should have thought about it. I’m just your standard law-abiding citizen who has never experienced the inside of a courtroom before. Can we not be so hostile? I was just trying to show the judge a little leg.

Edit 2: I’m trying to respond to all of y’all asking me questions. To further clarify, I thought I had to show up to the courthouse to pay the ticket, I didn’t actually believe I had to see the judge. I was headed to work after the visit, and my job has a really, really lax dress code. Hope this helps, my fingers are getting tired.

Edit 3: Thank y’all for the gold! I’ve honestly enjoyed chatting with so many of you. Reddit, you’re beautiful (even the random little shit stains that comment). I tried to respond to as many of you as I could. My fingers are actually hurting now. I’ll comment more tomorrow. /nThis fuck up has been going on my entire life but it just hit me last week so here it goes.

My grandpa is from the south, so he has a bit of an accent and on top of that he’s soft-spoken. This paired with my terrible hearing is a diabolical combination. Since I can remember, whenever he sees me he always has said “Hey! Wanna color?” in a really fast manner. Which young me always politely declined. Throughout the years this has continued. I always said no thank you because I have shaky hands and my coloring skills are subpar. Plus, maybe he loves coloring I mean hey, if that’s his thing then so be it even though I’ve never once seen him color.

Then last week it dawned on me. He approached me and said  **“Hey! Wanna color?”**  At least that’s what I registered at first but then I deciphered it correctly. He was actually saying  **“Hey There Young feller”**  .. I  Instantly became red in the face in embarrassment. For my entire life I have been responding to my grandpas greeting with No Thank you.. I explained the fuck up to him and we both had a good laugh but man I’m never going to live this down.

EDIT: To clear things up people keep asking how would I confuse the two phrases? He talks very quickly, quietly, and has a unique accent. So the two together sound somewhat similar. For those saying this is made up I guess believe what you want? I'm not sure why I'd make up such a strange story.

Thanks for the Silver!!


Tl;DR; Grandpa has always said “Hey wanna color?” which I always responded with no thank you. He’s actually been saying “Hey there young feller”. I’ve misheard him my entire life./nThis didn't happen today, but years ago. I worked at an insurance agency.  It was a small office with a receptionist and a few insurance producers.  We were a tight knit group and would frequently joke around with no subjects being off limits. Not your typical professional environment.

One of the producers, we'll call her Lisa, had a boyfriend named Dick.  Lisa was a recent divorcee and her relationship with Dick was very on again off again.  At the time this happened, they were fighting and not really speaking.

Around the holidays we did an office grab bag thing.  I picked Lisa's name out of the hat.  I decided that since she and Dick weren't​ in a good spot and that she complained about how horny she was all the time, I'd get her a vibrator as her gift.  This thing was thick, about 8", black, and had a gold tip.  

So we do the grab bag and everyone has a good laugh that Lisa got a vibrator.  We're chasing each other around the office with it and having a grand old time.  As things die down, it got put on the boss's desk.

Picture the things on a regular office desk...computer, stapler, some files, pens, phone etc... and a big black and gold vibrator.  A woman comes in to buy a homeowners policy and says: I have an appointment with Boss.  Boss had no idea the vibrator was on his desk until he and the woman went into his office and sat down.

The rest of us in the office immediately realize what was happening and we lost it.  There is 0% chance the woman didn't see it.  Somehow, Boss was able to stoically make it through the sale unscathed.  Neither he or the customer acknowledged the giant gold tipped dong.  More so, this was the woman's first house and sales like that usually take a little longer as additional documents are needed for the closing and we would usually take extra time to explain the policy as insurance can be confusing to first time buyers.

The lady leaves and Boss comes out red as a tomato.  He's not even pissed because he realizes how funny the situation is...and he still made the sale.  

I've always wondered if that woman ever tells the story about buying a homeowners policy with a vibrator on the desk. 

Sounds like the story is over.... not quite.  Lisa put the vibrator in her glove box.  A few days later her 8 year old son was rummaging around in her car, found it, turned it on and walked into her house rubbing it on his face saying: look Mom, I'm shaving!

I think it might have gotten thrown in the garbage after that.

Tl;Dr: put vibrator on boss's desk, he didn't know and conducted business with customer. Then a 8 year old boy thought it was an electric razor and rubbed it all over his face.

Edit: Thanks for the gold kind stranger(s)!
 Matches the vibrator lol./nTwo days back, [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ael0wt/tifu_by_using_holy_sanctified_oil_as_lube/) happened.
Here's the **TL;DR** from it:
Used oil as lube, accidentally shot semen into the bottle. Turns out oil had religious incantations recited upon to ward off evil, and grandpa will be using it tonight on his hair and beard.

Right after the post, a lot of people asked me to throw the oil away but I hesitated because my grandpa had apparently been feeling better ever since he started using the oil even before I came in it, so I didn't know how to waste it. I could've asked the Imam (Local mosque leader) to do the same stuff he did on the oil in a new bottle, but he's out of town for this month. So I just put the bottle where it was and he even used it once right after, unfortunately.

Next two days, I stayed over at my cousin's place and just got back this morning. Right as I came back, Mom recommended me to massage my hair with the oil given by the Imam as it felt "soothing". As she was saying it, I visualised my demonic jizz nuclei laughing and slowly sliding into the bottle, and then being mixed in it throughout. I snapped back, and acted like I wasn't convinced to do it. She told me it was my choice, and that everyone in the house (Parents, grandparents and siblings) had done it and felt better. I rushed to the bathroom to check the bottle because I couldn't believe what she said, and the bottle was nearly empty with the slightly bubbly end left over for me. I froze over the realisation that each of my family member had used my mayonnaise infused sanctified oil on their faces and hair, and I haven't been able to look at any of them in the eye ever since I left the bathroom. 

Not sure if I should tell my brother about this now, or keep my mouth completely shut at this point. 

**TL;DR**: Came into a bottle of sanctified oil, delayed disposing it off and now my entire family has used the oil on their face and hair



/nHappened last night, a good friend of mine drove us to a downtown octoberfest around 5pm, I had about six beers by 7pm and I was definitely feeling drunk. He only had two beers and offered to drive to a liquor bar we frequent, I completely forgot about the age old “beer before liquor never sicker” and we went. I remember drinking 2 rum runners at one bar and then leaving to go to another and this is pretty much where I blacked out. I woke up this morning in my bed, still dressed in my button down and slacks, covered in pee and vomit. I took a shower and checked my phone, I had sent a bunch of extremely embarrassing messages to random friends and old girlfriends. I checked my facebook and saw I posted a status confessing my love for 20 different women, and I tagged them. I also confessed that I loved my ex more than I could ever love my current girlfriend and tagged them both. I had a ton of missed calls and a voicemail from my girlfriend telling me she didn’t want to see me again. I ate breakfast and sat down contemplating my life when I noticed I did not see me extremely expensive female black eyed leucistic ball python in her cage. I was not sure my stomach could sink any farther but it did, I freaked out. I looked all over my room before finding my python wrapped up in my piss covered bed sheets. My guess is I took her out of her cage before falling asleep.

TLDR: Drank 6 beers before drinking 4-5 cocktails, woke up in a pool of my own piss and vomit, messaged a bunch of random women and posted on facebook that I loved them, girlfriend broke up with me, almost killed/lost an extremely expensive ball python. /nMe and this girl met up after ages of speaking on snapchat (about 6 months), with the whole intent to have sex. 

&#x200B;

She gets to my house and we talk for a bit and things are going well, Things go to things and were kissing, then sex, you know the usual. After a few struggles of putting on a condom (never had used one before) i was able to fuck her and it went well. I came and threw the condom in the bin. 

&#x200B;

This is where it gets fucked, shes sucking on my dick, i feel as if im about to cum again, thinking to myself thats kind of weird because i dont usually cum is such quick succession but i go along with it. I feel as if im about to do it and end up what i think is ejaculating in her mouth. I could not be anymore wrong.  


I ended up peeing in her mouth for a few seconds, she swallowed that, and then took my dick out thinking i was done, pee shot out of my dick on her boobs, she realised, i realised, i panicked so hard and immediately got her into my shower taking off the rest of her clothes.

&#x200B;

Grabbed a towel and made her drink some mouthwash and gave her a glass of water, i was on my feet the whole time and she wasnt even making a big deal about it, i felt like utter shit

&#x200B;

In the end she said the sex was good and that she heard about times her friends had that happen to her, told her i'd go to the toilet before fucking next time, and we are all good now.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Thought i was ejaculating for a second time in a girls mouth, ended up peeing and she swallowed some./nObligatory this happened two months ago

My girlfriend and I were sick and congested.  We were sitting on the couch and she said she was going to take a bath and put in eucalyptus oil and peppermint oil.  

She then asked me if I wanted to join.  Sure, laying in a hot bath sounded really nice.  She went downstairs to grab our towels and I started the bath.  As I put the oils in, I yelled asking how much I should put in.  I got the answer of only a little bit. 

Apparently our definitions of a little bit are different.  I don't know if you know how strong peppermint oil is, but i should be able to paint a picture.

As we climbed in the hot bath, I realized that my asshole was starting to feel like an ice cube was getting shoved up it.  

In my congested, mentally drained from illness mind, I said "Hey babe, hot water rises right?"

Right away she looked back at me and screamed "How much fucking peppermint oil did you put in?!"

I said I turned it upside down and maybe like 10 drops got out.  

So we jumped out, body covered in water with peppermint.  It burned like icy hot.  My balls were on fire.  My girlfriend starts crying from the pain, and is screaming.  I'm in the fetal position trying to wipe water off my balls. 

I then get the idea of jumping in the shower and seeing if getting the peppermint off of me was possible.  NOPE.  Makes it much worse.

Fast forward ten minutes, we are curled up on the couch both covered in multiple blankets trying to get warm.   It wears off on my girlfriend and she says she just feels numb, but it doesn't hurt anymore.  Takes me an extra 15 minutes for it to stop hurting.  

The heat from the blankets warmed me, but I felt like I had ice under my skin.  

Half an hour later, it went away.

And that's why I'm not allowed to draw our baths anymore.

Tl;dr: girlfriend and I are sick.  Decide to take bath. I put enough peppermint oil in bath.  My girlfriend and I get it seeping into our pores. Has the effect of icy hot.  Balls and asshole are in pain.  Girlfriend cries, we have to wait out the pain.  

Edit:  Holy shit, this is in the top ten all time TIFU's.  I'm honored and ashamed.  

Things that I've learned since I posted this last night

1. A lot about essential oils

2. My girlfriend loves how everyone is reacting to this.

3. Too many people have had similar experiences.  

Edit #2: THANK YOU WHOEVER GAME ME GOLD!  I LOVE YOU.  

Edit #3:  My girlfriend is sick and I've had a long day.  All of these comments have us laughing and in a good mood, thank you.  We both needed this.
/nThis definitely happened today, though I wish it hadn’t. 

A bit of backstory, this morning the apartments fire alarm went off so we all had to clear out for a bit. In my haste, I skipped putting on underwear. 

I decided to take a nap a while later and when I woke up, I decided to just go to work without remedying the underwear situation. “It’s only a 5 hour shift,” I thought. It’ll be fine. 

I get to work, everything is fine. Happy hour starts, we’re prepared for the worst. I’m sipping my water in the back briefly and reach down to adjust myself.

Imagine my horror when I touch my entire ballsack.  I’ve never been so alarmed to touch my own balls. My pants, at some point, had ripped clean down the middle and The Bois™ were out and about. 

I had to explain that I was having a wardrobe emergency and ran to call my roommate who thankfully showed up with a new pair of pants and underwear. It was a long 45 minutes that I just had to pretend my balls weren’t enjoying the draft. 

TL;DR I didn’t put on underwear, pants ripped at work and my balls enjoyed some brief freedom. 

EDIT: [if anyone doesn’t believe me here’s a pic of the old pants, new pants and text receipts](https://m.imgur.com/a/rBdfcV2) 

EDIT 2: shit I made the front page, not how I expected the day to go given how it started. 

A few peeps kindly pointed out my waist size and y’all are gonna be happy to know w/ the help of antidepressants I’ve been caring about myself the last few weeks and I’ve lost 12 pounds by eating better. So yes, that 40x30 you’re concerned about won’t be a concern forever. :)

EDIT 3: holy shit 3 silvers and a gold, thank you guys! I never expected this to blow up. Thank you for all the words of encouragement and hilarious comments, I stayed up waaay too late last night reading them. 

To answer a common question: I’m very gay, my roommate is not a dude, and we’re definitely not fucking. We’re just best friends. 

Also to the guys who thought I was a girl: I’m sorry you couldn’t jerk off to my post./nEdit: Just for a bit of clarity on the situation. I offered to pay as much as I could and she kindly said no it's all good.

I should have been more specific, her two front teeth were both really badly chipped to the point that you could barely see the base of the teeth there.

She's upset about the whole thing but has a very positive outlook on it, I've offered to help cover payments but she has politely declined.



This just happened a couple hours ago. Just a bit of context to start out. 

I'm moving into a flat with some great people in a couple of months and they invited me around for a few drinks as it was one of their birthdays. It was a bunch of about 20 of us and it was kind of a who knows who type situation.

It was a great time, everyone was getting along well, quite a few drinks, dancing, the usual stuff. Met this girl called Jess (not real name) and we got talking and she had the most amazing teeth and smile I've probably ever seen. 

Fast forward a couple of hours and we are all heading home, I'm pretty bad with women so classic me I don't make a move and just start walking home. It's about a 20 minute walk across town so nothing too bad but not ideal.

We leave at the same time and we find out we can kind of walk halfway home and split ways there. We're stumbling along with some playful banter and she jokingly tries to trip me up, I'm drunk but not that bad so I manage not to slam the concrete.
In return I jokingly trip her up and here's the TIFU. She falls like a 20 metre tall tree straight as a pole and slams the concrete. I feel so bad and instantly picked her up, she has a bloody nose and I'm freaking out because I've just slammed this Gorgeous girl into the ground.

She gets up, asks is her face okay and as she says it, I see her two front teeth are BOTH missing. My heart sank. I felt terrible. Never felt so bad in my life. I let her know the situation and she bursts out crying. 

I call an ambulance and we got to A&E where we sit for 4 hours waiting to be seen to be eventually told go home and go to the dentist tomorrow. In the 4 hours we did get to know each other relatively well considering the situation. I had a mixture of feeling terrible but also how the fuck does this happen. You only ever hear of these stories

I pay for the taxis home as it's the least I can do and take her in and she invited me in for a tea with her face still fucked up. We chat for a couple hours about random stuff and as I leave I say it'd be cool to hang out sometime and she actually agrees to it once but once her face is in better shape 

TLDR: Went to drinks, tripped up attractive Lady. Went to A&E got to know each other really well. Now who knows what'll happen/nLong story short, my girlfriend (18) is getting her license next week so I have to pick her up to go to my house and drop her back off at her place (40 min round trip).

Last night I dropped her off at midnight and she wanted me to stay since I had work at 6AM and my workplace is down the street from her house.

My girlfriend and I regularly shower together at her house. She woke up and told me she was going to take a shower, and left the room, thinking I was going to sleep a little longer. To surprise her, I slyly walked into the bathroom and stripped naked. She was humming in the shower and I thought it’d be funny to scare her, so I opened the shower curtain, penor hanging loose, and yelled “surprise!!!” To my shock, it was her sister, and she screamed at the top of her lungs. I stood there for a second trying to process what was going on and just yelled sorry and ran out butt naked.

My girlfriend was in the kitchen and thought it was hilarious when I explained, but her sister and I haven’t made eye contact since and haven’t said a word to each other. Fml.

Tl;dr - walked in on my girlfriend’s sister naked in the shower thinking it was my girlfriend.

Edit: She’s 18 as well.

Edit 2: A lot of people have posted questions so I’ll answer them here. Her dad isn’t really involved in her life and doesn’t care what she does. She’s turning 19 next month and her sister recently turned 18. Her mom is really chill about us showering and having sex, they even talk about our sex life together which is pretty weird but my girlfriend is really close to her and her mom loves me. Her mom is catholic but not very strict about her religious views and doesn’t force her religion upon her kids./nAlt because this embarrassing for her and for me, and she follows my actual reddit account. 

Anyways, my girlfriend and I have been dating for a while now, but we moved to opposite sides of the US to attend college. We would have been together for college too but stanford gave me that fat L. This wasn’t too big of a deal freshman year since we still had summer and winter break to see each other, but starting last year things got really busy for us. I went with my parents when they flew back to China for a family emergency, and then over the summer, we both had work to do in completely different places. The only time we got to be with each other was over spring break. 

Fast forward to our current school year and we again missed the opportunity to hang out over winter break, so by the time I fly out to the Bay Area to go visit her over spring break, it had literally been an entire year since I’ve even held hands with her. Naturally, being stressed college kiddos with pent-up sexual desire, we sought release as soon as possible. So the morning after I arrived, we have sex. She has always been one to like rough sex, and in particular, she loves getting choked. So of course I oblige her and unwittingly, I leave a bunch of very obvious, VERY red and angry looking marks on her neck and on her arms from pinning her down. Well we just casually cleaned up afterwards and went down to the kitchen in her dorm to make breakfast without really thinking about the marks.

I sat down at a table, and she went into the kitchen to grab a bagel or something, when like six of her housemates also came down to get breakfast. I guess I have a kind of angry disposition immediately after I have sex, since one of her friends asks if I’m doing fine, before heading into the kitchen as well. It’s at this point that they also see my girlfriend, who is not with an angry-looking me, and who has red hand marks on both her body and her neck. Well they put two and two together and soon, I see them whisk my girlfriend away, while one person comes to angrily ask me about why I was physically assaulting my girlfriend, while threatening to call the police and campus pubsafe. I naturally, have no clue what they’re talking about and I can hear my girlfriend being questioned at the same time. The person who was talking to me begins to shout some stuff at me, and it doesn’t take long before a few sleepy people start drifting out of their rooms and towards us to investigate. At this point, I’m guessing my girlfriend’s friends offered to her to get pubsafe involved as well, because she dashes over to where I was sitting and begins to frantically explain to the small crowd gathered in the kitchen area what exactly had happened. She basically told a good portion of her housemates that she has a thing for rough sex, and that she had merely asked me to choke her while doing to do, much to the embarrassment of everyone listening, and to the two of us. Extolling the details of your sex life to the public generally isn’t one’s proudest moment. Afterwards, we both got a few very red-faces apologies, and she quietly ate her bagel.

TL;DR: Choked girlfriend too hard during sex, nearly got reported to the police as a domestic abuser and then had to sit and listen as girlfriend told her dorm what our sex is like./nSo this actually happened today.

My girlfriend and I were sitting on the couch, and I had to get up to do something. As I stood up, she turned me around, and went about undoing my pants. I'm thinking to myself 'cool, unexpected sexytime!'

She gets my pants undone, and slides them down. Next, she pulls my undies down too, revealing the villain of our story. As she leans forward to kiss my stomach, my dick touches her upper chest, and, like an asshole, delivers a static shock.

My girlfriend recoils a bit, and says something to the effect of "Nope, guess not." She proceeds to put my dick back where it came from as I stand there, still in disbelief at how thoroughly I was just betrayed by my own manhood. No sexytime for me I guess.

TL;DR: My gf tried to initiate sexytime, and my dick shocked her; she changed her mind./nSo this actually happened about 3 weeks ago. 

Rewind to a night of heavy drinking, rocking out, and sleeping with a coworker. She was exceptionally fine so I decided to end the foreplay with a little tongue action. Everything feels clean, no offensive smell or taste. We move onto the main course and I notice a more than offensive smell, Must've dug up something deep. So I finish her and end the night.

A day later and my throat is sore, but I think nothing of it as I was drinking and smoking heavily the night before. 

Two days later, my left tonsil is black, green, and white, swollen more than 2x it's size and hurts like a mf. I go down to the local med express to have it looked at and after about 35 mins I see the doctor. With a look of concern on his face, he tells me I need to go to the ER. 'The ER?' I asked 'is it really that bad?' The doc asks me how long it's been hurting and I told him I had just noticed it today. He tells me it's very Aggressive and spreading rapidly; it's beyond his treatment. So I head down to the ER to get asked more questions and wait to see another doctor. He finally comes in, looks at it and tells me they're going to have to drain my tonsil with a syringe (which didn't feel the best, by the way).

A script of painkillers, steroids for the swelling, amoxicillin, a few tears later and I'm all better.

tl;dr eating a girl out while she has a bacterial infection might land you in the ER for tonsilitis.

Edit: 

Fun fact: the hospital bill was $606 :)


so it seems a few of you believe my teeth are rotting out of my skull and my mouth is just a festoon of bacteria. Well, [here's my mouth](https://imgur.com/a/friZU)

As for the multiple strangers diagnosing me over a post, I appreciate your professional opinion, but I'd rather take my doctor's first hand diagnosis. 

And since I finally made it to the front page, hi Mom../nThere’s no obligatory “this didn’t happen today” because this happened a few hours ago and I’m still mortified.

I’m on holiday with family and on a cruise, we all decided it would be a great idea to go tanning after a long walk around the city we’re docked in. We went to the tanning area on the top deck and I split from my family as there wasn’t many beds free and I saw a bed open next to this really attractive girl who looks early 20s (same as me) and I think I could have a good shot here so I occupy that bed and make a few bits of chit chat until the tiredness from the walk kicks in and I completely deck out and fall asleep right there. I must’ve moved around a lot while asleep because I woke up 15 minutes later by a family member telling me to cover myself up as one of my balls was hanging out of my shorts. 

First thing I did was cover up then look to the side to see the girl is no longer there but probably saw just like everyone else who walked past in the 15 minutes. I’m on this ship another week and the embarrassment will live with me forever. Help.

TL;DR: fucked up my chances with a girl by my own nutsack that fell out while I was sleeping

EDIT: Saw the girl in the breakfast room and after a while of thinking of what to say I went up and talked to her it went along the lines of “so I don’t know if you was there but I showed off a little more than intended yesterday” she said she left before that happened to go for dinner but would’ve found it hilarious so I guess that’s a massive win! I said I’ll catch up with her later and she sounded happy with that so I guess it wasn’t a complete embarrassment! Sorry to the many people who did walk past me though hope you enjoyed the view./nI've always been interested in doing one of those at-home kits that tell you your ethnicity estimates.  My mother has, for many years, claimed that her own great-grandmother was completely Native American, and I recently learned that this is apparently something common for Southerners to claim, but that it is rarely true.  I finally went ahead and bought one of the kits because there is nothing I enjoy more in life than proving my mother wrong.  

Fast forward a few weeks.  I get my results.  I am 0% Native America, which isn't exactly shocking.  The real surprise comes from the fact that I am also 0% Eastern European.

This probably wouldn't mean much for most people, but I happen to be Polish.  Or at least, I thought I was.  I have an unpronounceable, very Polish last name.  My great-grandparents were Polish-speaking immigrants.  My paternal grandfather himself spoke Polish as a child.

My first thought was that the test was a mistake.  My results came over a week before the projected arrival date, and I KNEW I should be somewhere around 25% Polish/Eastern European.  So maybe there had been an error somewhere at the lab.  I started digging around through my DNA relative matches.  I had matched with an extended cousin with my mom's maiden name, living in the state that she grew up in.  So the DNA analyzed was definitely mine, and this was not a switched-tube situation.

There were only two possible explanations:  either my own dad was not my biological father, or my Polish grandfather was not the biological father of my dad.  

I look a lot like my father, so it seemed unlikely that we were not related.  However, there was no strong family resemblance between my dad and his own father.  In fact, my grandfather and many of his siblings had a (we'll call it) striking nose that my sister and I had often rejoiced in not inheriting.  Also, my paternal grandparents had a disastrous marriage and bitter divorce—an affair did not seem out of the question.

My paternal grandfather died over ten years ago, but my paternal grandmother is still living and I gave her a call.  It took a while for me to fully explain the DNA testing to her—she's 87, but we got there.  She denied it and tried to explain the unexpected results with a long ramble about migrating European tribes before I was finally able to make her understand that I would be able to test relatives from the Polish side of the family and determine whether or not I was actually related to them.  She told me that she didn't think that was a good idea, and I should think about it before contacting anyone.

I think I knew right then, but it was not until today, two days later, that she finally admitted it to my sister:  my father had been lied to his entire life about his biological father.  

So who is my actual paternal grandfather?  TBD.  My grandmother promised my sister that she will tell the two of everything when my sister gets into town for Christmas.  She requested that we not tell anyone until then (it's too late, my sister already told everyone).  

TL;DR:  Did an ethnicity test, found out my father was apparently the product of an extra-marital affair and never knew.  

Edit to add: I've had a recent string of people asking me for an update.  I posted one a while back, here is the link: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7kat5w/tifupdate_and_the_grandfather_is/  /nThis happened almost 4 years ago, but today it made me think about it.

Backstory, I met this amazing girl at a party that some friends of mine were throwing.  It was a themed party, prep boy and school girls, and she was as kind as she was sexy.  We exchange numbers and proceed to texting and talking on the phone and went out on a few dates.

Well, just like most relationships, I assume, she sent me a few sexy pictures of herself.  Well one day, my buddy asks me about the girl I am dating.  I tell him about her and he asks about her body.  I show him a picture she took of herself laying out by the pool, neck down.  He grabs my phone and starts swiping.  Before I can stop him he freaks out yelling “that is my fucking sister!!!” I then realize the picture he was looking at was one I took of her fully nude.  After that, he was not too happy about it, or me dating his sister.

But this story has a happy ending.  The reason I am posting this today, is because this is the one year anniversary of the day I married that wonderful woman, and that buddy was one of my groomsman.

And before anyone asks, no, she has no clue her brother saw a picture of her nude, I think she would be mortified if she did.

Tl;dr: Was dating a girl who turned out to be my buddy’s sister, showed him a nude photo of her and he freaked out.

Edit: since people are freaking out thinking I showed a nude picture on purpose let me clarify.  I showed my friend a picture of her in a bikini neck down that she took laying out by a pool.  She posted said picture on Instagram as well as sent it to me.  I did not willingly violate her trust by showing him a nude picture of her.  Apologies if my wording was off.

Edit 2: Thank you for the gold and silver, you guys are awesome!  Also, since everyone asks how I didn’t know she was my buddy’s sister.  She and him have a common last name like Smith.  And I did not know his sisters name.  When I told him I was dating a girl named “Jill” (not her name) he didn’t immediately think “oh hey is that my sister.” Because it is a common name.  And as for my wife, we had been dating for a little over a month.  When she said she had a brother, I didn’t go “oh what’s his name, where does he work, what’s his astrological sign.”  Because I wanted to know her first, know her likes and hobbies.  I guess I could have dove more into questions about her family, but we weren’t at the point of meeting each other’s parents yet.  Hope this helps with those questions, if it does not. Sorry.  Again thank you for all the kind words and happy anniversary comments.  You people are amazing!/nToday was about 4 weeks ago. I work in sales and the wife and I went to a big yearly conference at a fancy hotel in a major city a few hours away. It’s always a fun conference. Lots of free food and booze, with a very nice hotel room. A 4 day all expenses paid getaway with no kids is always fun, and allows for some much needed one on one time as a couple. 

After our main event and dinner on Friday (and the 3 hour open bar), my wife and I and some clients went to a local pub and had a few more drinks to cap off the night. The wife and I waked back to the hotel instead of ubering (only about 6 blocks) down the walking path next to a nice waterway that flows through the area of town we were in. Beautiful night, drunk, and romantic walk back to the hotel led to some fun time in the room. 

Fast forward to yesterday. We have 2 kids, boy (2) and girl (6). We love our kids and our life. About 2 months ago, we finally decided we were done having kids. We had talked about a third for over a year, but decided we had one of each, and the oldest being 6-7 years older than the youngest would be too big of a gap. So, I scheduled a vasectomy for August 1st. I went in Thursday and got the snip. Easy peasy. Now, just 3 days of relaxing with a bag of peas on my man bits. Probably binge some shows, game a bit, you know... As I’m sitting on our couch watching Lucifer, my wife walks in to the living room with 3 positive pregnancy tests... Wtf. Apparently the proper precautions weren’t taken in our night of drunken love making. 

So... Baby #3 it is.

TL;DR I had drunken sex with my wife and didn’t use protection or pull. On the day after my vasectomy we find out we’re pregnant.

Edit: Thanks for the hardware kind stranger!! Gold, too! Thank you!!

Edit 2: we are excited for our 3rd, we both have good jobs, insurance, and a good home. We have no desire to terminate our pregnancy. Yes, we had decided to stop trying for a third, but we’re ok with a happy accident. Thank you for some of your genuine concern. 

Edit 3: I think most people understood this, but still. I’m aware we have a 2 year old who is also a sibling. I don’t want to edit the post, but I was referring to the gap between our oldest and the new baby being almost 7 years.

Edit: Guys. Thank you so much for the uplifting words and great stories of your similar situation, or large age gap between siblings. It’s been so wholesome and reassuring. Y’all the best./nI work at a mid size company with around 30 employees, all the employees start at 7 AM with the exception of the Owner/boss and myself who prefer to start at 6. I have a project coming to a close and promised to have it ready for next Monday. I thought it was a good idea to come in a few hours early so 3:30 to get a head start and impress the boss. I show up right at 3:30. I unlocked the door and went to punch in my alarm code..... I completely forgot my code, I've entered it thousands of times and I just forgot. The alarm started going off and simultaneously the phone rang it was the alarm company calling for my code and I couldn't provide it. They ended up calling the owners home phone and he rushed over to turn off the alarm then of course got in an accident with an un-insured driver, had to pay everything out of pocket..... I also missed the deadline.

Tldr; went in early to impress the boss, set off the alarm, he came in to turn it off and got in an accident on the way, wasn't impressed.

Edit 1: I say "Mid-size" as it's Mid-size for our industry

Edit 2: I don't know all the ins and outs about my bosses insurance and his accident. Didn't really feel like pressing him for details, my impression is the damage was less than his deductible./nAs with most TIFU, this did not happen today but the memory was spurred by a post I saw on the front page. During the 2008 election, Obama came to my University to give a speech. I went through all the usual security screenings and made my way to my seat. I was about 3 rows from the front but on the outside seat of a row right against the entry and exit way for the future president. 

When Obama came out, he went straight to the podium to give his speech and do a QandA session. When he finished he made his way down the steps where the crowd rushed to shake his hand. I was probably 4^th or 5^th down the walkway to shake his hand. Everybody in front of me was not only shaking his hand but handing him copies of his book to sign. He had a pen in his hand and was signing away. I thought to myself "Damn, I don't have anything for him to sign. hmmm OH WAIT! Yes I do. My ticket I used to get into the event." There was only 1 issue with the ticket, it was in my jacket pocket...**my INSIDE jacket pocket**. So as the future president is 4 people away, I hastily reach my hand into my jacket pocket to grab my ticket but my hand kinda fumbled around a little before latching onto the ticket. Just long enough for the 2 secret service agents standing right in from of me to notice...

They immediately grabbed both my arms, while the one who grabbed my arm that was in the jacket twisted it to pull my hand out of the pocket while preparing to break my arm off if it was any kind of dangerous object. It all happened so fast I couldn't even utter a word, but when they saw all I had was a piece of paper for Obama to sign, he let go of my arm, patted me on the shoulder, and mumbled something into his headset. I was just able to get my bearings about me and I was the last person to shake Obama's hand at that event.  About that time the security all turned to Obama and shuffled him through an open door to the hallway to exit. As Obama was being ushered out he said "Sorry guys, they said I have to leave now." as he was pointing at the secret service around him. So not only did I almost get taken out by secret service, I ruined anybodies day that wanted a chance to meet the man.




TL;DR: Tried to shake Obama's hand and get an autograph, reached in my jacket and got assaulted by secret service and made Obama have to leave which ruined a bunch of peoples day. 

/nThe other night, I was out getting a drink with some friends from university, and for some reason or another, the conversation turned to swans.

Now, as a kid, I remember reading the Ugly Duckling - and for some reason, I completely misunderstood it. Not the lesson of the story or anything, but the reason that the duckling was ugly in the first place. The reason being that it was, of course, a swan.

But for some reason, I got a few wires crossed, and thought it was in fact a duckling like the rest. Instead of thinking that the swan was a different kind of bird, I thought that swans were just male ducks. For some reason I never stopped thinking it, even though I’ve seen plenty of ducks, and literally had the differences between male and female ones pointed out to me before. I don’t know why it never got through to me. I guess I just thought they were different kinds of duck or something.

What this means is that when one of my friends mentioned something about female swans, I scoffed and very loudly proclaimed that “you can’t have female swans”. I stuck by this, convinced they were fucking with me, until they realised I wasn’t kidding.

And that’s how I, at the age of 19, finally learned that female swans exist. My friends won’t stop laughing at me over it, and I really have no defence other than it made sense at the time.

TL;DR I didn’t think swans could be female, my friends won’t let me live it down./nTIFU. More like more whole life really.

Hi, I my name's John. I've been lurking for a while, but I've finally made an account to post this. I need to get my life off my chest.  About me. I'm a 46 year old banker and I have been living my whole life the opposite of how I wanted. All my dreams, my passion, gone. In a steady 9-7 job. 6 days a week. For 26 years. I repeatedly chose the safe path for everything, which eventually changed who I was.

Today I found out my wife has been cheating on me for the last 10 years. My son feels nothing for me. I realised I missed my father's funeral FOR NOTHING. I didn't complete my novel, travelling the world, helping the homeless. All these things I thought I knew to be a certainty about myself when i was in my late teens and early twenties. If my younger self had met me today, I would have punched myself in the face. I'll get to how those dreams were crushed soon.

Let's start with a description of me when I was 20. It seemed only yesterday when I was sure I was going to change the world. People loved me, and I loved people. I was innovative, creative, spontaneous, risk-taking and great with people. I had two dreams. The first, was writing a utopic/dystopic book. The second, was travelling the world and helping the poor and homeless.
I had been dating my wife for four years by then. Young love. She loved my spontaneity, my energy, my ability to make people laugh and feel loved. I knew my book was going to change the world. I would show the perspective of the 'bad' and the 'twisted', showing my viewers that everybody thinks differently, that people never think what the do is wrong. I was 70 pages through when i was 20. I am still 70 pages in, at 46. By 20, I had backpacking around New Zealand and the Phillipines. I planned to do all of Asia, then Europe, then America (I live in Australia by the way). To date, I have only been to New Zealand and the Phillipines.

Now, we get to where it all went wrong. My biggest regrets. I was 20. I was the only child. I needed to be stable. I needed to take that graduate job, which would dictate my whole life. To devote my entire life in a 9-7 job. What was I thinking? How could I live, when the job was my life? After coming home, I would eat dinner, prepare my work for the following day, and sleep at 10pm, to wake up at 6am the following day. God, I can't remember the last time I've made love to my wife.

Yesterday, my wife admitted to cheating on me for the last 10 years. 10 years. That seems like a long time, but i can't comprehend it. It doesn't even hurt. She says it's because I've changed. I'm not the person I was. What have I been doing in the last 10 years? Outside of work, I really can't say anything. Not being a proper husband. Not being ME. Who am I? What happened to me? I didn't even ask for a divorce, or yell at her, or cry. I felt NOTHING. Now I can feel a tear as I write this. But not because my wife has been cheating on me, but because I am now realising I have been dying inside. What happened to that fun-loving, risk-taking, energetic person that was me, hungering to change the world? I remember being asked on a date by the most popular girl in the school, but declining her for my now-wife. God, I was really popular with the girls in high school. In university/college too. But i stayed loyal. I didn't explore. I studied everyday. 

Remember all that backpacking and book-writing I told you about? That was all in the first few years of college. I worked part-time and splurged all that I had earned. Now, I save every penny. I don't remember a time I spend anything on anything fun. On anything for myself. What do I even want now?

My father passed ten years ago. I remember getting calls from mom, telling me he was getting sicker and sicker. I was getting busier and busier, on the verge of a big promotion. I kept putting my visit off, hoping in my mind he would hold on. He died, and I got my promotion. I haven't seen him in 15 years. When he died, I told myself it didn't matter what I didn't see him. Being an atheist, I rationalized that being dead, it wouldn't matter anyway. WHAT WAS I THINKING? Rationalizing everything, making excuses to put things off. Excuses. Procrastination. It all leads to one thing, nothing. I rationalized that financial security was the most important thing. I now know, that it definitely is not.
I regret doing nothing with my energy, when I had it. My passions. My youth. I regret letting my job take over my life. I regret being an awful husband, a money-making machine. I regret not finishing my novel, not travelling the world. Not being emotionally there for my son. Being a damn emotionless wallet.

If you're reading this, and you have a whole life ahead of you, please. Don't procrastinate. Don't leave your dreams for later. Relish in your energy, your passions. Don't stay on the internet with all your spare time (unless your passion needs it). Please, do something with your life while your young. DO NOT settle down at 20. DO NOT forget your friends, your family. Yourself. Do NOT waste your life. Your ambitions. Like I did mine. Do not be like me.

Sorry for the long post, just had to get it out there.

TL:DR I realised I let procrastination and money stop me from pursuing my passions when I was younger, and now I am dead inside, old and tired.





Edit: I am quite overwhelmed at the response, thank you for your time. I had posted on a whim, and did not expect the reception.

In regards to my post, I must admit I was quite emotional at the time. As I read what I had written earlier, I can't stop myself from noticing an abundance of spelling and grammatical mistakes, phrases that I would not usually say. I don't think I have used Capital Locks so much in my life. 
However I will not edit them. That would not do it justice.

I have read many of the replies and will try my best to answer the reoccurring questions. I will add that the replies have given me a new perspective of life, Reddit and humanity in general. The amount of encouragement and humour persists to amaze me. Despite my situation, I even found myself laughing at a few of the comments.

What my plans are.
I am planning to cut down my hours substantially. I will take a new job if I have to, as I am relatively well-off. I am going to talk to my wife. Divorce is currently not what I have in mind and I hope that our communication and relationship will improve. If it doesn't, then so be it. We will both move on. I see there are quite a number of negative comments about her, however I am going to have to say in her defence, she really is a lovely person. She is smart, empathetic and has a great sense of humour. I'm not saying it was okay for her to do what she did, but she's not an evil person. I know that. We were both in the fault. We let communication dwindle, and with it, our relationship. There is so much more to being a head of house than just being able to bring in the money. A steady balance of emotional connection, love and finance is what I will strive to give.

My son. I don't any anything about him. I really don't. I have unknowingly distanced myself from him; I only see him around dinner time. I do not recall having a proper conversation with him, it's quite preposterous now that I think about it. I'm not exactly sure how I'll start bonding with him, I have become quite a boring person. However, I plan to change that. I refuse to be a poor role model. I will ensure that he does not make the same mistake I did with my family. I have decided I am going to start watching his basketball games and rugby games on Saturdays. I never have, due to work, but I will ensure that I do. Perhaps I will even play video games with him. There was a time I had a collection of SNES games, and I wasn't half bad either. Who knows, I might really connect with my son, and it seems to be something he enjoys.

In regards to the novel and travelling, I admit, I am a different person from my youth. I no longer have the creativity and desire to complete the novel. When I found the long-forgotten 70 pages, the writing was no longer mine. I have changed substantially in 26 years. I am sorry to disappoint as so many of you seemed incredibly keen to read it. However, I am just as excited to read the stories of all of you aspiring writers that have expressed their passion!
The travelling, I might still do. Family trips probably, in the school holidays. Maybe with my wife every now and then, if she'd have me. 

I can't turn back time and see my father for a final time, though my mother is still alive. She lives in London, so visits are quite difficult. However, I will make an effort to see her. I do love my parents. I only wish I had not prioritised them as I did.

In regards to the advice I have given. I stand by what I said. Live your life. Do not procrastinate and let lethargy stop you. However, I might add, avoid living in poverty. I have had the good fortune to have had never experienced hunger or homelessness. I would imagine chasing your ambitions and being happy would be considerable more difficult without proper nutrition and living standards! I believe someone mentioned their dream was financial stability. I say, that is just as valiant as any dream to have. We are all different and are missing different things in our lives, be honest with yourself and you'll know what you really want.
I believe there were arguments upon my language and university/college or what not. I will clarify that, although Australians generally call tertiary education 'university' here, I have made small efforts to pertain to Americans, as they are the main users, at least I assume. And yes, university/college was free when I attended. I believe Australians now are able to attend them relatively free (upfront) and can pay their fees after they graduate.

I believe I have covered the general scope of questions. 

P.S. Thank you for the gold, I do appreciate it, but they aren't of real value to me. Perhaps if Reddit ever includes a re-gifting gold feature, I will gift them to some of the commenters. And yes, please stop sending me gold! I also believe someone tried to even donate to me? I assure you, money is not what I read. Please save it for yourself!

I don't think I'll come back to Reddit, unless i hear about a way to re-gift gold. I thank you all for your sympathy, your time, and I wish all the best for those in difficult situations. I have faith in your capacity and ability to change, to become happy, to help yourselves. Because after all, you're the person in the best position to.
And no, I am not considering religion, I just do not have the correct mindset. I am logical to the point that I cannot, however that is not to say religion isn't bad, it gives people the hope and sense after death which I really do envy.

Sincerest of Regards,

John.



/nBefore you go all pork on me, I'll give you some insight. In Islam you discard anything with God's name on it by burning it. Yesterday in Statistics, our teacher found a Bible that was left in our class. No one knew who it belonged to and our teacher said, "You can't throw it in the trash right?, there's a thing against that.?" and I, THE ONLY HIJABI IN MY GRADE said "I think you're supposed to burn it" The whole class turned and looked at me like I wanted to kill them. I just checked and one of the proper methods of disposing a bible is by cremating it so I was right. I posted it in r/izlam, and someone commented "Yeah, in germany we have bad memories about burning books, but we were mostly nazis back then burning anything that is against fascist doctrine" maybe the reactions were because I live in a primarily jewish town, or because christians are unaware of how holy scriptures are to be recycled.
TL;DR: My teacher asked how you dispose of a Bible and I said to burn it because that's the proper method but looked SAVAGE

UPDATE: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ah0bxl/tifu_update_on_burning_the_bible_post/ /nSorry in advance for mobile formatting.

So this happened yesterday night, here is some context.

I am a serial sprainer, in the 4 years my boyfriend has lived with me, I have sprained my ankle 7 times. I have tripped random stupid crap, dog toys, a rock in the grass, stairs, anything my ankles can find they will try to kill me on.

My boyfriend is always there, coddling me and nurturing my softball heels. I always thought one day I will be there to nurture his aches when he would fall.. but he never fell.

In the four years we have lived together he has never once slipped on ice, tripped on a rock, tumbled over an ottoman, or even dragged his foot across some slippery water.

That was until yesterday.

We were Uber Eats delivering in the lazy snowfall we had in Kansas, thinking we might get some decent tips. We delivered to this townhome complex, he got out to deliver while I stayed in. On his way back to the car his phone chimed for another delivery. He pulled out his phone, and instead of paying attention down he went on a patch of ice.

He didn't fall and crack, he fell down with enough grace to land on his butt and his elbow. Still, beggars can't be choosers. 

It was my turn.

I was going to coddle him now. I was going to nurture his swollen softball bumps. I was going to pick him up and help him to the car and baby him while he sniffled and reeled.

I was going to be the hero for once.. keyword being "was."

I lept out of the car. "I can be your hero baby" played in my head like elevator music. I felt my cape flowing figuratively behind my back.

Suddenly I was on the ground, my knee twisted at an 80 degree angle. My hip felt the twist and it hurt so bad, I thought I broke it. Unlike him, I did not fall gracefully. I hit the ground with such a thud that the lady in the car next to us got out ready to help me.

I laid there on the ground, air knocked out of me. Enrique Iglesias' "Hero" stopped abruptly and instead sirens were blaring in my head. I instinctively wriggled my feet to see which one was going to get too thicc for socks.

Everything seemed fine until I went to get up. Nope. My knee was kaput, and I let out a gasp in surprise.

Of course my boyfriend was up, not even bruised or limping, ready to swipe me up and buckle me into the car.

My boyfriend and this sweet lady was trying to help me up, but I elected to chubby lady crawl by the car so I could get up myself. I had them open the door and I crawled in, thanking the lady and buckling myself in.

As I sniffled and licked my wounds, he told me he was grateful that my first reaction was to try to help him. We laughed and joked about how funny it was. It was like a cartoon skit, I was Peter Griffin falling down and holding my knee, hissing between my teeth. One moment I was coming around the car the next I was on the ground with a shocked look on my face. I am still giggling about it.

He went to the store to get us some treats since we didn't want to end the night on a bad note, and once he disappeared into the store I just bawled and screamed. I think if anyone heard me they would think I was possessed.

I just wanted to be there for him for once, I felt so useless that even when he fell I couldn't help him. Instead once again I was the victim of a sprain, only I wish it was my ankle. This time it is my knee, and I would rather sprain my ankle twice again. 

I composed myself by the time he got back to the car with skittles.

Today I am confined to the bed, wishing we had our uber card already so we could get some crutches and gooey pizza. Now I am browsing reddit until my phone dies then napping while it charges.

He on the other hand, doesn't even have a bruise to show for it.

Boyfriend: 8
Me: 0

TL;DR: I fall down a lot, my boyfriend never falls. He finally fell for the first time in 4 years, and when I went to help him. I fell down too and ended up spraining my knee.

Super Edit: Thanked people for gold and platinum, was unintentional super cringe, so.. yeah. Glad ya'll got a laugh tho./nNot sure if this disqualified me but it actually happened a few minutes ago. Just before my shower I decided to do a bit of manscaping on the ol’ vagina miner. Grabbed the dedicated clippers and went to town knocking back some of that Kentucky fescue when I spotted one slightly angry looking follicle. Positionally, we’re talking less on Alvin and moreso on the chipmunks. As any sane person would do, I grabbed some tweezers with the intention of yanking the little shit out (the hair not the dick). I squeezed the hair with my tweezers, and being the baby I am, gave it a fast tug. And because the universe is a cold-hearted bitch, it turned out that this hair wasn’t your standard ingrown. Nah. This greedy fiber decided it wasn’t enough to coil up in a small ball and just uncoil like your grandmother’s knitting yarn. Instead, it chose to grow at a near 90° to my taco bender so when I gave it that sweet tug of justice it split open my hog like FedEx shipping envelope. And so here I stand with one hand clutching toilet paper against my angry inch while the other types this out to you fine dimes. Hope you have a great Saturday and can manage to keep your favorite penis in better shape than I have. 

TL;DR - Yanked an ingrown hair that happened to be growing sideways and sliced open my testicles like a bag of off-brand cereal. 

Much like my balls, rip my inbox./nHey everyone. This happened a few weeks ago but I haven’t had time and just wanted to make sure everything had settled down before updating.

[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bvg72z/tifu_by_thinking_my_daughter_was_being_raped_and/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app)

In the original post I left out some details that caused a lot of confusion so I will clear those up now. When I went into the room I grabbed his shoulders and started screaming at him. He stood up and I pushed him down. I went over to my daughter to make sure she was okay and she was screaming that it was a fetish. Her bf was unconscious and we sat there trying to wake him up. He woke up and was conscious but was shocked/confused. He was wearing his jeans with his wiener out while they were having sex and was also shirtless, so I wrapped a blanket around him to cover his genitals and upper body and helped him into the car. In the car he zipped himself up and I gave him my sweater to wear. I realize now how my original post might sound like I was driving him around unconscious but I would have called the ambulance and not tried driving him myself as this would’ve been life or death so I’m sorry this was misleading. Hell, I probably wouldn’t have been able to carry him to the car (I’m just a strong but average sized lady :P) Anyways, since he was conscious at the hospital they just had a nurse check up on him but he had to wait to see a doctor so he was in the ER for a while. 

The doctor did some scans and found that her bf (thankfully) didn’t have any injuries. He said that most likely her bf fainted since he didn’t hit anything on the way down and woke up shortly after. Her bf has also fainted before (long story) so thankfully he was unconscious due to the fainting and not the actual knockout. 

After the doctor determined he didn’t have any injuries I called his parents to tell them, and they decided they didn’t need to make the long trip. My daughter’s bf begged me not to tell them the specifics of what had happened so we kept it at that.

For my daughter, we had a conversation about her kink. She says she has a safe word and has never had to use it and her bf always takes care of her after sex to make sure she is okay and loved. I told her that I didn’t want her to be afraid to have sex at home because it’s a safe place and I don’t want her to feel bad over this. I installed a lock on her door as a little “I’m sorry” gift. I think this is something I should have done a while ago to give her some privacy, and I’m glad I’ve got that covered now. I also vowed to never have any surprise visits again. 

For her bf I got him a card, some chocolate, and I paid for him to have a night at an Airbnb with her so they could have a private night together. 

TLDR; everything worked out in the end. Boyfriend wasn’t hurt, and daughter has a lock on her door now./n**Gonna use a throwaway. I'm not giving my roommate the satisfaction of sharing this stupid shit of his on my actual account.** 

I had an essay to print out this weekend but since I no longer had my own printer, rest her poor soul, it meant driving down to the print shop. So, I wasted no time copying all my shit to a USB and grabbing my coat. I was literally just about to shut the door behind me when I heard my roommate calling my damn name. He wanted something printed out as well. A fucking flyer or some shit. Random, but ok whatever. 

He asked if he could use my USB. I didn't see why not, so I said sure. Once he was done copying the file from his laptop, he gave me back my USB and said: "Valar Morgulis, motherfucker". I said: "Valar Dohearis, you degenerate turd" and bounced. The print shop was busy when I got there but the wait was worth it because the girl who came to assist me was cute as fuck. Little did I know, this would only be the beginning of my humiliating downfall.

I handed the cute print shop girl my USB with the simple instruction of printing out the two files on there. As far as I knew, there was nothing else on the USB except those two documents. Print shop girl stared at her computer screen before locking eyes again. Her expression was unreadable. Like she was trying hard not to show an emotion. She leaned in and sheepishly asked: "Which two files, sir?". I replied: "Only the two you see on there". 

At that moment she turned the computer screen towards me and revealed that there was close to a dozen folders on there. Folders that never even existed when I copied my essay. Here's the damn punchline. All these fucking folders were labeled with hardcore, homo-erotic descriptions:

**"TINY TWINK DRILLED HARD BY HANDSOME HANDYMAN"**

**"COLLEGE STUD DRAINS HIS BIG UNCUT COCK"** 

**"CUTE BOY FUCKED IN THE ASS BY DADDY"**

**"TEASING MY DRUNK STRAIGHT FRIEND WITH RAW DICK"**

**"HIGH SCHOOL HUNKS FUCK BAREBACK"** 

**"HUNG DOCTOR GETS HEAD AFTER PHYSICAL"**

**"PLANET OF THE BOTTOMS: DAWN OF DA DICK"** 

There were loads more, but I'm sure ya'll get the pornographic picture. I shook my head in horror and said: "That ain't mine". Print shop girl's eyes narrowed and practically penetrated my fucking soul. 

"What should I print for you, sir?" 

"It's my roommate... he does this kinda shit"

"Of course"

*Crickets*

I swallowed what remained of my dignity and did what had to be done. 

"Print the one called assignment, please. Under, uh... All Ass All Access. Thank you"

**Tl:dr I walked into my local print shop with an essay I had to print out. Walked out looking like a porn addict.**

&nbsp;

*Edit: Ya'll giving me too much attention. Appreciate the rewards though. Just wanna provide feedback to some of the comments. I requested that print shop girl expand the display settings to show the number of files in each folder. All the folders had 0 files except one: "All Ass All Access". That's how I located my essay. For the record, I'm not gonna revenge-prank my damn roommate by fucking him. Also, this throwaway isn't to hide this post from him, I just don't wanna have him think these little stunts of his are worthy of living on the Reddit account I use daily. Hence, an account that will eventually become obsolete. Valar Morghulis, ya'll.*/nSo my girl and I had a great night planned. I made reservations at her favorite restaurant. She got a sexy little number to wear for "after dinner" and sent me teasing texts all day. She absolutely loved the flowers I got her, and she presented me with a bouquet of homemade beef jerky. She then proceeded to spend, I kid you not, 3 hours getting ready.  She looked friggin' amazing though. We were both starving and she was really looking forward to a night out. 

So we get to the restaurant and get seated. The only menu they give us is this valentine's day special. I do some quick mental math and realize *this dinner is going to cost me close to $300.* 

Oh. Hell. NO. 

So my GF looks up from the wine list and sees I am antsy. She asks what's wrong. I mumble something about their prices having gone up. She asked if I wanted to go somewhere else and I jumped on it. Practically raced out of there. She followed along and sheepishly made excuses to the wait staff. 

So we get back to the car and I apologized and told her $300 was ridiculous for one dinner and she was like "wait? what? It wasn't that much" 

Turns out the menu prices were *per couple* not per person like I had thought. 

Once I realized that dinner would in fact have been in my budget. I tried to get her to go back to the restaurant. This is where I *really* fucked up. She kept saying no and that she didn't want to. She said she would be too embarassed to go back. I said that was ridiculous and I didn't understand why and I kept trying to get her to go back. Then she suddenly burst into tears and sobs "Why. Aren't. You. LISTENING? It doesn't matter WHY all that matters is that it DOES. WHY do you want to push me into something that makes me feel so uncomfortable?"

Ah fuck. She kinda had a point. I apologize and drive her home. I asked if she wanted to go to any of the other restaurants on our route home. She said no since she "looked like shit" since her make up got all messed up from crying. (She didn't. She still looked gorgeous) 

We get home and I don't think anyone on the face of the planet has ever gotten changed from fancy clothes to sweats as fast as she did. I tried apologizing again, she said it was OK but she just wanted to be alone for a while. 

Now she and the cat are in the other room watching true crime documentaries. 

TL;DR I ruined date night by thinking the restaurant was over priced and leaving (It wasn't) then not listening to her. Now girlfriend and cat are probably plotting how to get away with my murder.

EDIT: Just to clear up some confusion from the way I worded it. Dinner was not $150 per person. They were doing a V day special where for $150 you got dinner, dessert, champagne and flowers for 2. 

EDIT 2: Wow! I can't believe how this blew up! Thanks everyone! Of course my first reddit gold is on a throw away. LOL but thank you! 
Also... fuck. Girlfriend has indeed found this post. I got a "Did you post about last night on reddit?" text from her this morning. 

EDIT 3: cat tax http://imgur.com/gallery/r2gMAQQ/nUpdate: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/cfbo0i/tifu_by_diving_into_a_pool_headfirst_degloving_my/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share 

As per usual this didn't happen today but this past Saturday. I (26f) was spending the day hanging out with friends by the pool, casually drinking and playing games. One of my friends decides to challenge me to a race to the other side of the pool. So we hop out and me, being the genius that I am, and very confident after being a competitive diver and swimmer for more than 10 years, decide to dive in from the shallow end. I go to take a running leap in and as I'm pushing off the deck, I feel my foot slip. I end up diving straight down, feel my neck crunch, and then blackout. I come to as I'm floating to the surface, back up, and tell my legs to just stand up cause I need to breath, but they don't respond. Most of my friends see me and think I'm joking, but very luckily my nurse and med school friend see blood and rocket into action. They stabilize my neck and flip me over in the water to breath and then get me up on the pool deck. In another incredible bout of luck, once I'm stabilized on the deck I can move my legs again. Friends call an ambulance (to which I am groggily and vehemently opposed to, thanks US healthcare prices) and once I get to the hospital I'm placed in the trauma ICU and CT scanned. I then find out I've pulverized my c2 and broken c1 and c3. And now I get bed rest and at least 3 months in a C collar. So yeah, don't dive in the shallow end folks! 

Tldr: dove in the shallow end, wrecked my neck like a hydraulic press

After urging from several redditors here's my GoFundMe link. I'm a super poor masters degree student so any help would be incredibly appreciated!!! https://www.gofundme.com/help-offset-my-medical-bills

Photos: NSFW GRAPHIC: http://imgur.com/a/QCnX2wN/nThis happened a few hours ago but I need to back up to last night to give a proper explanation.   

I’ve started watching Chernobyl on HBO since GOT is over. I’m digging it so far and watched episode 3 last night. There’s a scene where a group of 100 guys are digging tunnels under the nuclear reactor and it’s hot. They can’t use fans due to dust and blah blah blah so these men strip completely naked while they work. My immature ass thinks this is HILARIOUS! I saw more junk in that 30 second scene than I’ve seen in 10 years. I’m giggling like a middle schooler pointing at all the penises. My boyfriend didn’t find it as funny, but that’s another story. The episode ends, all is well and I go to bed.  

Then, this morning is when the fuck up happens. I’m chatting with some coworkers during break and someone asks me how my night was. My poor attempt at being funny was to respond with, “It was pretty awesome, I saw a bunch of naked miners.” Everybody kind of froze and just stared at me....I didn’t clue in for the longest time. I just stared blankly back at them. Nobody laughed at all and I could feel my anxiety closing my throat when it dawned on me. They thought I said naked MINORS! 

The English language is fucked up sometimes!   I quickly explained what I was actually talking about. Everybody got a great kick out of it but I’m still the office creep now.  

TL:DR I said I saw a bunch of naked MINERS, but everyone thought I said naked MINORS./nThis happened last Saturday and the cringe is still eating me up. I'll keep it short for you peeps.

Last Saturday was Kingsday in the Netherlands. To sum it all up: Everywhere you go there are kids selling shit and parties. My friends and I decided to go to a festival and join the party club. We arrive and sooner than later I lose my friends, as is tradition. I start texting my friends asking where they went, a bit of back and forth and I got their location. Mission acquired. 


I notice I have to go past this big stage full with people to get to my friends. As I start my journey in to the abyss I walk past this VERY  small woman. Like, really REALLY **REALLY** small. Not a MIDGET! Don't confuse her with one of them, I've seen my share of midgets and she definitely isn't one. 

A woman, around 25/30 years old that seems to have just, shronken. She shrunk to the size of a 8 year old. I was blown away to say the least. The drugs and booze didn't help me either. Seeing as I'm 6'11", the ratio between us was fucking insane. I could probably lift her up with 1 hand, no joking. Kick her out of the festival ground as if she was a soccer ball. You get the idea.


I start a conversation and straight up start talking about her height, in hindsight that was probably very rude and intimidating. While talking to her about her shortness and how blown away I was I notice I was getting weird looks from her friends. Then it hit me. I was standing like [this](https://previews.123rf.com/images/mangostar/mangostar1706/mangostar170600341/79673282-sportif-fatiguÃ©-s-appuyant-sur-les-genoux-Ã -l-extÃ©rieur.jpg) while talking to her. Most likely with a facial expression like [this](https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/happy-boy-child-leaning-forward-hands-knees-smiling-30374249.jpg)

I stand up straight and apologize by blurring out: "Owh shit. I, uuh, I shouldn't stand like that, huh?" Shorty says yes, you shouldn't. I just straight up bounced after that without saying a word. fuck.



Fast forward to a couple hours later, I found my friends! We just chilling when 1 of the girls gets a few texts. She looks at her phone and asks me wtf i've done. 


Shorty knows her, shorty saw her with me, shorty asks her why she standing with me.


TL;DR  I'm tall, met shortest woman I've ever seen. Stood very disrespectfull infront of her. Seriously, it isn't that long.

 Gonna hide in my bed now :(/nThis actually took place a couple of years ago.

I had just gotten a brand new job that I was really excited about. So I was delighted when my boss - who I had been trying to establish a rapport with - invited me and my husband over to her home for dinner. 

Well, mostly delighted. My husband is..... well... he's the sweetest, but he has a history of doing really dumb shit. Because of this, I was worried about him coming along. 

By the time the day of the dinner arrived, I had become so anxious about it that I actually floated the idea by my boss that I wasn't sure if he would be able to make it. She was clearly taken aback and responded "Oh no! I really hope he can, I have a dinner for 3 all ready to go." Upon seeing her dismay, I assured her that I was sure he would find a way to be there. 

Well, we made it over to her apartment on time and things actually started out really, really well. It was actually just the 3 of us, which surprised me somewhat but made me a little less concerned about my husband - as crowds really tend to bring out his unpredictability.

I had just started to finally relax and was a couple bites into a deliciously cooked steak when things took a horrible... *horrible* turn. 

My boss had just stepped into the kitchen to check on dessert when I noticed something odd out of the corner of my eye. It was one of those things where you know something strange his happening in your peripheral, but you're not sure what... you have to look over and focus your gaze to really comprehend it.

I look over at my husband and see him holding his steak in his hand, hovering it just an inch or two above his plate. Before I had a chance to fully comprehend what I was seeing and verbalize something that might have saved all of us from the coming horror.... he threw his steak - baseball style - across the room straight into the dining room window. It hit the window, making a loud noise, and slowly slid down. 

Now my husband does dumb shit, I already told you that. But he's not a crazy person. Usually when he does dumb shit I at least understand what he's thinking. There' usually some semblance of rhyme or reason to the dumb shit.

In this case I was just dumbfounded. I couldn't believe my eyes. I couldn't wrap my head around what was going on. I stared at him with what must have been the most confused look, and watched as he stared back at me, an expression of utter horror painted across his face. 

I couldn't make any sense of what was happening, but I also didn't have time to try. I heard the foot steps of my boss, coming to see what the sound was.

It suddenly sunk in that it didn't matter *why* he did what he did. He did it and we were all about to come face to face with a very awkward situation. 

I could feel the anger flush through my face. For a brief moment I contemplated trying to help my husband get out of this. But No. This was his dumb-shit-bed and he could lie in it. Not like there was any possible recovery anyway.

My boss walks in and sees the steak lying on the window sill There's the fucking longest most awkward pause where we all just sit there frozen. My boss and I are staring at my husband, forcing the ball into his court, as the cringe just hangs in the air like an ocean fog.

He finally manages to mutter some incoherent garbage about being a clutz and even tries to get me to back him up. I leave his ass out to dry in the deafening silence. 

He makes a poor attempt at cleaning the window and retrieves his steak. Mercifully, my boss asks me a question about work and we both dive eagerly into conversation.

We all resume the rest of the evening pretending that he isn't there, a sort of unspoken agreement by all that this is the only way to move forward.

As soon as we got to the car, my husband turned into a nervous chatterbox trying to explain himself.

Turns out the dumbass didn't like the way his steak was cooked (rare) and - get this - he *thought the window was open*. My husband, ladies and gentleman, tried to chuck his steak out a 3-story window. He thought that was a reasonable solution to being served an under-cooked steak. 

A year or so later my boss hosted a Christmas party for the company at her newly-built home. My best friend, Jennie, was my +1.

TL;DR: Took my husband to dinner at my boss' house. He thought his steak was undercooked, thought the window was open, and thought throwing his steak through the window was a reasonable idea.

**Note:** My husband [told this TIFU from his perspective a couple years ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3im341/tifu_by_throwing_my_steak_out_a_window/) and it was a popular post. Someone suggested I should tell it from my perspective. Hope our discomfort brings a little joy to you fine redditors :)

**Edit:** OK Guys, I probably overplayed the "dumb shit" angle. Yeah, he's known for acting without thinking things through, but this one moment does not represent the norm.  From my perspective, in this moment, he looked like a looney bin character gone mad... which is what makes the story so funny in retrospect. Go read his perspective and his actions look at least a *little* bit less crazy. My husband is a fun-loving, kind husband and father who makes life very fun. 

**Edit 2:** No my husband is not on the spectrum or crazy, although I get that that may seem like a valid conclusion if all you know is this one event. The usual dumb shit is more of your everyday impulsiveness, like immediately saying the slightly inappropriate thing that comes to mind. If he would've done that, it wouldn't have shocked me at all. This, of course, shocked me, because he *normally doesn't do things that make him look insane*.  Not sure why some seem to be taking the "he often does dumb shit" to mean "he often does completely insane things", when I feel like I was making the exact opposite point. Oh well. Glad that most of you got some small bit of enjoyment out of your day from the story.  Also, we all have our faults. I joke about my husband not thinking things through, he jokes about my preoccupation with what others think of me, etc, etc./nI like many people in adulthood have had to deal with the annoyance of overgrown tonsils. From the 3 – 4 times a year tonsillitis, to the sleep apnoea that they cause. Personally, I wanted my tonsils gone.

After getting tonsillitis for the second time this year I decided enough is enough, I booked an appointment with my GP, referred to the surgeon and made a date for the surgery.

I was warned that I was in for the sorest through of my life and that it was going to be agony for a while. Which was ok, how bad could it be?

Day 1: I was prepped and ready to go, surprisingly not too nervous for my first major surgery. The procedure went well, my tonsils were gone and I was all set to recover in hospital. The pain wasn’t too high yet, I was still spaced out from the drugs, so all in all the first night was quite easy.

Day 2:

4AM: I woke up needing to go to the bathroom, I felt like I needed to spit so I rushed over to the bathroom sink. I spat out a few mouthfuls of blood not thinking too much of it. I slowly shuffled back to my bed and quickly fell back asleep.

7:30AM: This time I awoke to a lot of pain, I buzzed the nurse to get my dose of Endone and Panadol. I mentioned to her that I had bled a little overnight. She was immediately concerned, she passed me a plastic cup and told me to spit all the blood that comes up from now.

(I thought that leaking blood would be common as it was when I got my wisdom teeth out.)

For the next few hours slowly but surely I was filling up this cup that looked more and more like red wine. It was horrible because the pain was quite high regardless of the pain killers, I couldn’t lie down an rest as the blood would go in to my stomach.

10PM: The nurses tried to use an ice pack on my neck and give me countless icy poles to freeze the blood but nothing was working, I had filled almost two cups now and they decided it was time to call my surgeon.
They broke the bad news to me and told me I needed to be prepped for surgery again. I was surprisingly ok with it. I remained calm and collected. I went through the procedure again of getting countless needles and being sedated. (FUN!)

Post second surgery: I was back where I was today but hopefully no more bleeding! The surgeon informed me that a blood vessel had haemorrhaged around my tonsil area causing blood to leak. I had to have blood sucked out of my stomach because I had indeed swallowed quite a bit of blood.

He told me that this complication only happens once a year for him! (Lucky me.)

Day 3-4:

The recovery was brutal and painful, I was in bed all day, struggling to get any solids down as the pain was too bad to swallow. However, no complications.

Day 5:
For anyone who has had the pleasure of having a tonsillectomy you would know the most painful part about it is waking up from a snooze.

I learnt that the best thing to do is get up, drink some water and have some meds ASAP!

I was getting out of the shower when I felt a large amount of liquid in my mouth, I leaned over the sink and spat out blood.

Here is a picture of the sink: https://m.imgur.com/kpxtoMf

My mum, who had been amazing throughout this whole thing, was luckily around the corner from my home when this happened. So I called her and we decided the safest bet would be returning to hospital.

I felt very unwell in the car ride, and I was pale as a ghost. They quickly put an IV in and gave me fluids.

After a VERY long wait we were advised by my surgeon to return home and come back in if it were to happen again.

I returned home and rested up for a few hours, it was around 9PM when I felt the same liquid taste in the back of my throat. This time I knew. I rushed to the bathroom and proceeded to cough up blood.

Here’s a photo of this time: http://imgur.com/s2YFx39

As you can see, it’s a lot more this time around.

I don’t know if you have ever had the displeasure of coughing up blood but the worst part about it is just how sticky blood is. It sticks to your tongue, throat and lips, resulting in blood clots getting stuck in your mouth. It’s horrible.

I called my mum and she rushed over to come get me.

Back to hospital again and another IV :)

I was admitted back to the ward and I stayed overnight, my night wasn’t overly dramatic. I bled once around 3-4AM but it only lasted 5 minutes so there wasn’t much for concern.

DAY 6!!!!

Things were looking ok, I was still in a lot of pain but I had not bled outside of the little one in the morning.

1PM: I was watching shitty daytime TV as I reached to have a sip of water, I felt that same feeling in my throat come on and it felt heavy quick.

I had no time to react so I grabbed the smoothie cup I had received from my mum and proceeded to spit mouthfuls of blood in to it. I was trying to get a hold of my buzzer to notify the nurse.

They came in shortly after and rushed to get me a vomit bag, it was coming FAST. The nurses were trying to keep me calm and they again put an ice pack behind my neck to try and slow down the bleeding. I kept coughing it up. I started making gagging noises as the blood was sticking and clotting around my throat.

I started to feel light headed. Within seconds of saying that, I fainted.

I woke up seconds later to the ward now being in Code Blue, I had never seen so many nurses and doctors in one room so fast. There must have been 15-20 people in this small room. I had needles going in to my arms, an oxygen mask being put on, and multiple nurses and doctors talking to me.

“Raph, stay with us.”

“Raph, look at me, keep your eyes open.”

This was the first time in my life that I was genuinely scared for my life.

I could overhear that they were trying to get a hold of my surgeon, because once again I needed emergency surgery.

I was rushed into theatre and they prepped me again. Giving me another IV there was a delay because my surgeon was finishing up surgery for another patient at another hospital.

It was at this moment where I broke down crying. I felt so sick, all I could taste was blood, I was scared, alone. I didn’t know what was going to happen to me. All the while I was still coughing up a lot of blood.

After some time had passed, the nurse with me was starting to panic.

“We need to get him into theatre now!”

They kept trying to give me oxygen but I kept coughing blood into the mask.

My surgeon arrived and I was put to sleep.

I woke up in unbearable pain and agony, it was the worst pain I had felt since this whole thing began. But that quickly changed when I was given morphine.

I rested up and was eventually moved back into the ward and I was greeted by my mum and nan. My poor mother had been through hell. She had only just before it all went down. She was bawling her eyes out the whole time I was going through it all, blaming herself for leaving :(

Day 7:

I got a big sleep and I woke up to my surgeon checking in on me. He was truly sorry for my ordeal, and said I was the worst he had ever seen.

The cause was the same as last time, a vessel had opened up and caused the bleeding.

All in all I lost 800ml of blood from that ordeal. That’s almost a fifth of total blood!

It’s crazy to think that if I wasn’t in the ward when it happened there was a good chance I could have died.

Day 8-9:

I stayed in hospital. Everyone agreed that it was the best place for me, just in case thunder struck three times.

I was pretty shook on Day 8 still, but as soon as word got out that it went from standard procedure to almost fatal I was receiving a lot of love from my family and friends.

Twitch kept me sane throughout my stay. All my streaming buddies reached out and wished me well which all contributed to making me feel better.

Day 10:

I am typing to you all from my phone! This is probably the longest thread I have ever written on Reddit and I don’t normally post much but I wanted to share my story because this will stick with me for the rest of my life.

Each day I’m feeling more and more strong. My pain still sucks but it’s getting less severe and I haven’t bled since! I’m out of hospital being taken very well taken care of by my mother.

As cliché as it sounds, this whole experience made me very grateful not only for my life, but more importantly the doctors, nurses, surgeons, paramedics etc. that go through so much stress to help us fellow humans live the lives we live.

I can’t wait to be back in full health and hopefully I can play some games and get some streams in before I go back to work! ;)

TL;DR: I got the procedure of getting my tonsils out. Unfortunately due to complications I needed multiple emergency surgeries. After a few days of rest from the second procedure, I started to bleed excessively. Which quickly made me faint turning the hospital into a code red state. I lost a significant amount of blood and I was prepped for a third and final procedure that saved my life.

EDIT: A small amount of you requested my Twitch, here it is: twitch.tv/wristyplum :)

Thankyou so much for all the kind words. I really did not expect this to blow up as it has. Y’all are so nice!

EDIT 2: You guys have asked for an update so here it is:

I’m feeling so much better, the pain is no where near as bad! Today was the first day I woke up and didn’t straight away need painkillers, I’m able to eat whole meals with a side of water to help wash it down. 

My happiness is so high due to the fact that I’m feeling more and more like me again not this zonked out zombie!

I still can’t believe how many people this post has affected. My intentions were never for it to go “viral” I just wanted to tell my story mostly for me, When it was still fresh in my mind. I could express myself and always look back on this moment in life, but now because of everyone’s support and love I’ll look back on it in ways I could never imagined!/nThis did actually happen today, as the clock had just barely struck midnight and Christmas was upon us. Also, this is my throwaway because dammit, I'll not have this following me to my actual account.

I was in the laundry room which doubles as the storage room, where belongings go to die. I saw a book that did not immediately appear to be a journal on one of the shelves, so I grabbed it and flipped it open to the middle. I recognized my younger brother's handwriting and knew I had wandered onto private property, but my eyes lingered a little too long on the page. 

My brother has been out of the house for several years. He deployed to Afghanistan and got married when he returned to the States. He's always been a little weird but we (mostly) accept his quirks as just social anxiety and move on. But there I was, in the asscrack of Christmas morning holding a journal that he obviously had written during his teenage years. It was one of those journals that ask you questions and you fill in the answers, and of course the question I opened to was "what's something you hope no one ever finds out about you?"

There, staring at me from the page was the following sentence: "that I had sex with one of the cows."

Yes, we grew up on a farm. I don't believe he was speaking merely of a corpulent maiden. 

I consider myself open minded, and have prepared myself for various scenarios with my siblings. What if they come out as gay or trans, what if they become addicts, what if they end up in prison, what if they were to join the circus. I have never entertained the possibility of "what if they romanced the livestock." Life just doesn't prepare you for random bestiality. 

Tl;dr I found out my brother dabbled in bovine sexual escapades and now I live in a world where I just have to know that and pretend I don't./nThis actually happened a week ago but I just found out about it today.

My brother rents a studio in NYC but he's been out of town for work. I went up to visit some friends and he said it'd be fine if I stayed at his place. When I got there the wall lights worked but for some reason none of the floor lamps did. There were 5 different floor lamps and none of them would turn on. There was also recently a power outage that affected the same area his studio is in so being the bright man that I am I figured that the power coming back must have fried the bulbs. Being a good brother I went out and bought brand new bulbs and threw out the broken ones. 

Today my brother got back and gave me a call asking if I replaced his light bulbs. I told him I did and not to worry about it but his old ones were broken so I replaced them. Turns out they weren't broken, they were just smart bulbs linked to his smart speaker. They were $60 a piece so I effectively threw out $300 of smart bulbs.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Brightest bulb in the closet threw out hundreds of dollars in smart bulbs/nSo as usual, this wasn't today but last weekend.
After a busy workweek where me and my husband had been coming home, and pretty much passing out at the end of the day, we figured a Saturday afternoon would be the perfect time for some quality alone time.
I'd been teasing him for the morning whilst we did general household chores and finally dragged him upstairs mid afternoon to get down to business! 

Everything started off brilliantly, the clothes got thrown, things got hot and quickly led into some excellent 69ing.
Now, my husband is deft of finger and pretty quickly had me moaning with pleasure and a very intense orgasm. 
We quickly switched to him on top and i was encouraging him to go harder so that he could have a great finish as well. Still all good so far! I continued to egg him on, telling him to step up his game and FINISH HIM. (no body slam moves required)
....

After a particularly enthusiastic thrust I suddenly got a stab of pain in my side, making me curl up in agony. He mistook this for intense pleasure (apparently my pain face is similar to my sexy face? Not sure how to take that one!) and kept going for a couple more plunges before it finally became obvious to him as I burst into tears!

This lead into him panicking that he'd somehow broken me with his cock (he may be overestimating there) and me trying to figure out WTF had just happened and why I was crying. I'm guessing it something to do with the lovely stabbing cramps in my right hand side of my abdomen. Possibly.
Cue the naked running around as he grabs hot water bottle and glass of water while I curl up on the bed, now very lacking in sex appeal.

Turns out that if you have PCOS (polycystic ovary syndrome), 'enthusiastic exercise' can sometimes cause a ovarian cyst to get over excited and burst! 

Worst part was, we were trying to fit in this fun time before his parents came over for dinner and now, 20 minutes before they arrive am now stuck in an ungainly position on the bed, totally starkers for all to see. 
I had to phone his mum to ask if she had any ibuprofen she could bring round for me as we had none in the house and then had to try and explain exactly why I needed them. Luckily she had the sense to not ask any further questions when i said it can be triggered by certain types of exercise.

Managed to get husband to help me pull some clothes on moments before they arrived, so saved some of my dignity at last.
He's now convinced his dick is cursed and is going to break me again.

TL;DR- Top thrust, cyst bust! /nJust a reminder to everyone including whoever actually owns this accout to log out after being done with doing stuffs on public computers.

-- Not the guy who owns this account.           
        

EDIT: Owner here, was super confused opening reddit and having tons of replies in my inbox. Thanks to whoever made this post and didn't subscribe to /r/spacedicks .         
        
 
EDIT2: soo 1st on /r/all . Idk if this is the best or the worst way to teach someone about leaving their accounts logged in./nI've been getting telemarketer calls incessantly for months and it's driving me insane, most of the time I just hang up once I hear them because I'm also expecting important calls from unknown numbers.

 I was with some friends one night and we decided to order some food from our regular place, the card machine was broken and I had no cash on me so I gave the delivery driver my details and she said she'd come back to my house with the working credit card reader the next night. 

Fast forward a few weeks and nearly 50 spam calls from telemarketers, I'd completely forgotten about the previous order. I get a call on my phone and I hear an Asian woman ask for me, mispronouncing my last name, not unlike many telemarketers. Fed up with it I yell "No, he's not here because he died!"

Not even two hours later there's a knock on my door, it was the sweet delivery lady and she brought a free meal for my household as a sympathy gift to help everyone through the ordeal of my death, while telling us not to worry about the bill from the other week.

I had my friend drop off enough money for both meals without explaining it because I felt so bad. I can't explain it to them without sounding racist and now I have to find a new Chinese restaurant.

TL:DR - Thought the Asian delivery lady was a telemarketer, told her I died and she sent a sympathy meal to my family.


Edit: Thanks kind strangers for my first ever gold and silver! /nIt never really made sense why over the course of three years I never got one comment or upvote/downvote for all of my posts. Reddit is an absolutely huge site, but after a couple years you begin to have your doubts. I decided to check to see if I could see my posts in an incognito browser and saw that none of my posts existed. What the fuck?! It was at that moment I realized that from my first post I was shadow banned and all of my contributions over three years never was viewed by a soul. I can't fucking believe I never caught onto it sooner. I've had my hand raised for three years and no one could ever see me and I never questioned it.

*check my post history to see the barren world. /nQuick disclaimer: This was a year ago.

I'm a huge history nerd and I absolutely love exploring ancient sites. My mother and I took a trip to Greece and were on a tourbus.

One of our many stops were Nafplio (which was absolutely beautiful) and our tour guide said "If you climb 999 steps, you'll find the beautiful fortress of Paladimi. The entire bus chuckled (Mainly middle aged, few elders.) But being the teenage self I am, I was determined to climb those steps.

There's a slight problem however, I was really out of shape.

I am at the beginning of the staircase up the mountain and my mom (bless her heart) offered to take my wallet and the hotel keys so it wouldn't weigh me down. Left me with just my phone. She decided she didn't want to join me on my hike up the mountain because (understandably) she was worn out.

I begin my ascent, around 15-30 excruciatingly painful minutes later, i make it to the top. I had a sense of pride as I stepped to the entrance of the gate. I would be able to see a part of Greece that the rest of my tour bus wasn't able to see. I would have stories to tell at the dinner table. I would have amazing pictures.

Suddenly, right at the door I see a sign.

"8 Euros for admission" 

and with that, I took my walk of defeat back down the 999 steps. 

TL;DR

I left my wallet and climbed a mountain to see a historical site, only for there to be an admission fee. 

/nThis happened yesterday. I'm 23M and I study IT and as you can imagine we have a lot more guys than girls over here.

Backstory: So our small group of friends includes one girl and 3 guys including me and we make a fair number of sexist and racist jokes. When someone in the group says something and another person misses it and asks to repeat it, we tell that person that "You know what makes you deaf? Sucking a lot of dick". Okay saying it like this sounds pretty stupid but believe me it's funny in person. 

The fuckup: I'm going home from university and I'm standing in the bus stop. My phone starts to ring. For some reason I don't notice it and it just keeps ringing. Eventually a girl comes up and tells me that she thinks my phone is ringing. A normal person would have said "Ohh thanks" but what did I say? Of course I said "Oh well you know I suck a lot of dick". She just stared at me for a second and then walked to the opposite end of the bus stop. FML.

TL;DR: Didn't notice that phone rang, random girl alerts me, I tell her that I suck a lot of dick because it's an inside joke./nAs one might think on Valentine’s Day in particular, people like to get up to some frisky business, myself included. After indulging in some post-dinner beer and chocolate ice cream, my boyfriend and I (F) decided to have an “oral sex party”.  We felt creative and made up a card game that allowed us to test the luck of the draw. ~Card game rules at the bottom~
Each number card drawn would result in that amount of minutes of oral play performed on the partner, and if a face card was drawn, additional special features could be implemented during that turn, such as toys or fingers. Each turn consisted of drawing a card and pleasuring the other orally until the timer was up. Then switch and repeat until we couldn’t take it anymore and would inevitably fuck. Pretty straight forward.

A few turns in, I had only drawn low numbers and was itching to give him longer blowjobs as he was drawing high cards and face cards. I had just drawn a 4 which followed his 8 minute King turn, so I was incredibly turned on and really just wanted to pleasure him as he deserved. I was having the time of my life, and he clearly was too, so I went off script and ignored the 4 minute timer. I kept going deeper and deeper until I was feeling him down my throat. Turned on by my own accomplishments of getting him that far back, I kept deepthroating him and when he told me he was going to cum, in my own enthusiastic dick swallowing vigor, I accidentally jammed him back to the feeling I knew there was no return from. A volcanic surge immediately erupted and I tried my darndest to swallow it back but there was just too much. I pulled back and tried, to catch it in my hands but was unsuccessful and left staring at a brown mess of the ice cream and cum on my white sheets.

Luckily my boyfriend is the sweetest ever and after a quick pic\*, cleanup, and laundry cycle, we cuddled and enjoyed the rest of the night together.

\--&gt;After it happened I realized I could reap the sweet karma benefits of my misfortune and decided it was best to gather photo proof of such event. Also was drunk and thought it was a good/funny memory to capture. Albeit disgusting...

Because y'all nasty asses wanted to see the [aftermath](https://imgur.com/a/ggWdsSr). It looks like shit so don't say I didn't warn you.


I guess it's inevitable with stories like these that end up blowing up to assume it's made up. Here is the [text](https://imgur.com/a/nqMulPq) I sent my bf asking for his approval to post because it doesn't just involve me, so I wanted to make sure he was comfortable with my sharing first. 3 years together and we continue to work on our communication and keeping each other in the loop. 

CARD GAME RULES-
Shuffle the desk of cards, either use half or full deck. However you're feeling in the moment. Each player draws a card to flip over simultaneously. Highest card is the giver in the first turn.

Alternate drawing cards and going down on each other for the number of minutes you draw on your card. If you draw a face card, these were the special rules. To be changed as is fit for your relationship. Ours were as follows-

Jack was either only hands or only mouth for that turn. Queen was the option to add a toy-vibrator for me, plug for him. King was the classic pinky in ass, other fingers in my pussy. Or for him, my finger in his ass, a recent addition to our sexual escapades which I love. Ace was getting to fuck, then going back to oral after that turn.

Each face card that was drawn was followed by the drawing of a number to figure out how long that would last.

Our rule was no cumming during the game so we could edge as long as possible before the inevitable fuck. That didn't end up happening past a few rounds...clearly.

Thank you for gold x4, kind strangers! Platinum too! And silver x4! I know many didn't think this was worthy of the gildings, so many thanks. Will be passing on the wealth in honor of this blunder.

TL;DR Sexy times were interrupted when I was giving my bf an enthusiastic bj and vomited chocolate ice cream all over his dick as he was orgasming./nI’m in the Navy, and about 4 years ago I was stationed in Cuba. I had a new girlfriend that I was trying to impress by cooking her dinner (even though I was a horrible cook).

I decided I was going to make some jalapeño poppers as a side dish, and foolishly decided to use my finger to scoop out the seeds before stuffing them with sour cream.

Once everything was prepared I popped them into the oven and decided to take a shower while I waited.

Naturally, being a guy I decided to have a wank in the shower. No harm no foul right? 

WRONG.

I felt the burn with every stroke, but I was so close to finishing I just...decided to bust a nut... and then I would figure out what to do next. (Yes, I know this is my own fault, I’m not proud of it okay?)

Unfortunately that 10 minutes of wanking only further cemented the juices from the jalapeños deeper into the skin of my penis. (Shocking I know).

The pain soon became unbearable, I was rushing around my barracks room butt naked desperately trying anything I could think of to alleviate the pain: washing my member off with a clean towel, putting ice cubes between my penis and my ballsack, standing in front of the fan, nothing was working. 

Then it dawned on me. I recalled hearing that milk can help alleviate the burn in someone’s mouth after eating spicy food.. and I knew this was my only hope.

I filled up a glass with ice cold milk, set it on the floor, and squatted down on top of it, dunking my bits into the heavenly, cooling liquid.

Instant relief. Thank God, I said to myself. There was only one problem, the moment I took my penis back out of the milk, the pain rushed back to my lions.

So I sat there, in a squatting position, my dick afloat in a glass of milk, and realized my blinds were wide open, on a sunny afternoon. Anyone could look in and see what was happening. But the pain was so bad that I couldn’t keep my dick out of the milk for more than a second or two.

I decided that the only solution was to lay on the ground, face down ass up, so that if I was to flash someone at least they would only see my ass cheeks and not my burning schlong.

I laid there for about 2 hours until my girlfriend came back from work, and found me in my miserable state. 

After a lot of laughter and about 10 minutes of explaining the situation, she asked me “why didn’t you just press the glass of milk into your body with one hand, so you could walk around and put some clothes on and stuff?

Needless to say, if I didn’t feel like an idiot before, I did then. 

Eventually a few hours later I went to the emergency room, where I was given a cream that barely worked, and I was excused from work the next day.

TL;DR

Made jalapeño poppers, wanked in the shower, willy burned with the fury of a thousand sons, dipped it into a glass of milk while lying naked on the floor, girlfriend walked in. 
We are no longer dating, but I hope her thinking back on my embarrassing story puts a smile on her face now and then.

EDIT: sincere thank you to everyone who explained to me how TL;DR works!! And thank you for the gold and silver!!!/nChecking my email is the last normal thing I remember before waking up in the hospital, except for a few scary-as-fuck bits here and there. Hence, this comes from my own direct recollection, with the gaps filled in by my wife and other witnesses.

I had a full tonic-clonic seizure, right at my desk. Details are mostly irrelevant, here, but I've never had a seizure before. (And initial assessment is that it was probably a "perfect storm" situation with a new prescription I was on that will (hopefully) never happen again.)

My wife was in the next room and of course called 911, and the ambulance showed up. Problem is, I was [postictal](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postictal_state?oldformat=true), which is a post-seizure state where you're essentially not in your right mind. But when two big dudes came into my house unannounced and in a big hurry to move towards me, I went into home-defense mode. The fact that they were clearly in EMT uniforms and there to help me was lost in the scrambled mess my brain was in, but my more basic instincts were working fine. I don't think I actually assaulted the EMTs, as they just kept their distance and radioed for police backup when I started yelling at them telling them (apparently) "GET THE FUCK OUT OF MY HOUSE. I DON'T WANNA FIGHT YOU."

And so the police sent one guy.

Now I remember feeling extremely protective of my wife and convinced that this home invasion was serious business now that this 3rd guy was coming towards me and attempting to physically restrain me. I don't remember, but I'd bet you dollars to donuts that the millisecond he rolled his shoulders forward and widened his stance is the second that I went from uncooperative to full apeshit; it's just what you do when you're trained to fight and there doesn't seem to be another option, as when you are protecting your family like I thought I was about to have to do.

That's when things started getting ugly. I was an amateur MMA fighter about fifteen years ago with a local dojo, and while I haven't practiced for a long time, I can tell you those instincts never fully leave you. I know how to reverse any submission hold a local cop is likely to be able to proficiently attempt on me, apparently even whilst postictal. Before backup arrived, I had swept the leg of the officer and had him in an armbar. Thank fuck I didn't go for a blood choke whilst my brain was short-circuiting. I was also screaming (roaring, apparently) at my wife to call the police. The irony of my request was lost on me at the time. That primal roar was the scariest sound she's ever heard come out of my body, so she tells me, and I didn't stop roaring. Luckily (for him and me), cop #1 didn't put up any further resistance until his backup arrived.

Five more big dudes showed up (now 6 cops + 2 EMTs + my wife). No weapons drawn, no tasers. Fortunately they knew they were walking into a medical call, and boy they should get a medal for how well they handled it.

I wasn't going down without a fight, and 1v1 was no contest even though they were way above my weight class. But with sheer overwhelming force they pretty much wore me out and then dogpiled me to the ground, cuffed me in the back, and then stood me up to walk me to the ambulance. Big mistake. I easily spun my way out of the officer's control grip (hand on handcuff chain, other hand on my shoulder), and gave him a front kick to the breadbasket he probably won't forget anytime soon. "Bring it, fuckers," I remember thinking (or saying? who knows). I also remember being this weird mix of scared, emboldened by my recent "escape", and pissed *right* the fuck off, all at the same time.

Still cuffed, front kicks were the new order of the day. I was like the goddamn free sample guy at the supermarket, giving them out to anyone who came near me. Details are loose on what happened next, but I guess they did some kind of brute force team tackle again and got me to the ground, and from the cuts on my wrists, they may have used some kind of pain compliance technique with the cuffs. It didn't work, as I was able to shrimp my way out from underneath the guy(s) on top of me and throw a nasty double heel kick from lying down. Fortunately it just grazed the guy on the shoulder rather than the neck/head, which is where I would certainly have been aiming.

Next thing I remember vividly is being face down on my living room carpet barely able to breathe (thanks to being out of shape these days, with at least one big guy on my back), and thinking this was the end for me, then they'd rape my wife, and let my cat out in the cold winter night.

They weren't screwing around at this point. Apparently judging it worth the risk, while I was pinned the EMTs shot me in the ass with some kind of chemical restraint, and the cops just sort of sat on me and let my wife try to calm me down until it had taken full effect and I was strapped to the gurney in soft restraints.

When I woke up (over a full day later--combination of insomnia + seizure + downers + 1v6 cage match really wore me out, I guess), I was bruised to shit, but aside from some minor cuts on my wrists from the cuffs and a nasty hole in my bottom lip from me biting it during the seizure, I'm a lot better off than I could have been. I have some nasty pins and needles in my hands so those cuffs must have been torqued fairly hard (by me or the cops, who knows), but I'm told by my attending doctor that should go away in about six months(!).

When got home I called the police to apologize and thank them for getting my combative ass to the ambulance. Thanks to them for being incredibly good sports about the whole thing. (And not pressing charges, especially given my level of...enthusiasm.)

I'm still trying to wrap my head around just how badly this *could* have gone. Yeesh. The unpredictable seizure alone is bad enough without nearly suiciding-by-cop had there been a weapon within reach. Scares the bejesus out of me just knowing how absolutely out of control I was.

tl;dr: I learned exactly how many big dudes with at least basic hand-to-hand training it takes to drag me from my home against my will. (Six, plus a syringe of something in the ass.)

EDIT: Well, this was a much bigger response than I expected. Thanks for all of your comments (especially those from police and medical professionals and other patients that have gone through something similar). And, wow, thanks for the gold, kind strangers.

Common question was where this happened: As a few of you figured out (stalkers! LOL), yes, I'm in Canada, and yes it was bloody cold out at the time, even by Canadian standards./n(reposted at the appropriate time with some adjustments!)

This happened about 3 days ago, i’m finally able to move and get out of bed.

So I am generously endowed, and have a very good relationship with my dick. Lol. I occasionally post images on reddit and other places, and someone asked me if i could perform auto-fellatio. I hadn’t ever thought of it, so I read some tips, watched some videos and realized that because of my size and my general skinny frame, i have the ideal body type for sucking my own D. How exciting lol.
So, there are a few different approaches, leaning forward or legs over your head. I tried the leaning forward approach but had no luck at all, so then i was like fuck it, got naked, layed down near a wall, threw my legs over my head, and slowly “walked down the wall” as the advice was. Holy shit i was close. Let me also say i was very aroused at the moment, and this was a few days of arousal, so my cock was extra hard and the head was pulsating. As the head flexed and i did, i got my tongue on the tip of my dick basically on the first try. WOW. I was excited and turned on, and hard as fuck.

So, i started stroking and pulling my cock closer to my mouth and it started getting even harder and now i can basically put my lips on the head. it felt insane and i was so happy. as i was stroking, my lips were able to almost fully cover the head, and i started to suckle. it didn’t take much. the whole situation caused a deep orgasm. the shaking kind.

sidebar- yes i came in my mouth. for reference i am totally straight and have never had a dick in my mouth. okay back to the story...

so i’m shaking, feet over my head, dick in my mouth, and the final release pushed my body into a further position, and there it was. not really sure what popped, but i collapsed onto my side and literally couldn’t move. cum dripping out of my mouth, laying on my side, naked, in the bathroom.
luckily feeling came back soon and but i couldnt stand up. crawled to bed... had a friend bring me some muscle relaxers, said i tweaked it “cleaning under the counters” lol. still in bed, but can actually walk today for the first day. 

luckily i don’t need to explain this to a doctor.

tl:dr - sucked my own d, came in my mouth, threw out my back.

edit:  thank you for all of the advice (and the offers, lol).  i will not fuck around with this any more.

edit 2: i spit, but not totally intentionally.  it was that moment that all went to hell.  not sure what i would have done if i was thinking about it.

edit 3:  c'mon guys, sucking your own dick is as gay as jerking off or playing with your ass.  get over it. if you're that afraid of you're own body, that's weird, and super homophobic

edit 4: "i've heard it feels more like sucking dick than getting your dick sucked" - i've never sucked a dick, so i can't tell you, and yes, it didn't feel like getting head from another person.  but it was very pleasurable and felt better than my good ol' hand.

/nUpdate: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/co5hbl/tifu_update_asking_about_my_parents_divorce_and/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Okay, first off, my parents have been divorced for 12+ years. I am 21 now and was 7 or 8 when they split. I found out a few years ago it was because my mom was cheating on my Dad with my nurse from the NICU from 1997 (oof).

Casually talking to my mom (who has since remarried for the THIRD time) I asked about their divorce out of curiosity. She went into a few details and brought up a car ride with my Dad. She wouldnt elaborate so I called my Dad (BIG MISTAKE)

Mind you, Dad took me and my sister in when my mom left and raised us. It kind of went like this:

Me: "So I was talking to mom about your divorce and she brought up a ride in the car with you that initiated the divorce"

Dad: *hesitantly* " Yeah, you, me and your sister were in the car when I came back from overseas and we were talking about what you guys wanted to be when you grew up. Your sister said something and you said "I want to be a nurse like, [insert his name here]". I pulled over to the side of the road and you spilled the beans"

Apparently, at 7 or 8, I informed my dad about a guy staying in OUR house in HIS room sleeping in THEIR bed while he was gone for months for military stuff. I told him EVERYTHING. How mom told us he was an "old friend" who needed "help" and who would be staying with us "to protect us while Daddy is gone". How he watched us for a week while mom disappeared, took us to movies, dinner, etc. There was a point of him asking if I would move to California with him and my mom (they got married 2 weeks after my parents divorce was finalized and moved to California)

I never remembered this occurence. He said he went home, pulled phone records, emails and even the chat messenger history (this is like 2004 or 2005 idk).

I'm not blaming myself, but, damn. Little me saved my Dad's ass from being used any longer by her.

Note to self: dont ask too many questions.
Insert big "WHAT THE FUCK" here

TL;DR. TIFU by asking too many questions about my parents divorce and found out I'm the one who dimed my mom out for infidelity.

Edit: This is a fuck up because I was apparently never supposed to know - hence my mom not wanting to talk about it and my dad being hesitant on telling me.

Edit 2: Super fuck up. I'm learning more and more about their marriage I never needed to know from other family. I was the "save the marriage" baby

Edit 3: Wow. I didnt realise how many other people have gone through finding out this kind of stuff later in life. Kudos to all of you for learning from the example!

Edit 4: Holy shit! I've learned a lot from all of you! This blew up and I've made a few decisions:
-I am never getting married
-I think it's time to cut off my mom
-Dont ask questions about your parents failed marriage - 

Edit 5: Apparently, after the divorce, she wrote my grandmother a letter stating she didnt want to take care of children and wanted to "live her life"

Also, I didnt remember this occurence because I guess it didnt really stick out to me. My dad said he acted calm and acknowledged everything, like a normal convo. The events after I remember oh so vividly.

Moral of this story: Dont think your kids wont talk if you're cheating and do not BRING them around your kids. Actually, just dont cheat 🤦‍♀️ easier said than done but damn!

Also, please note, I didnt have to throw any paper for my mom to be a ho!

Final Edit: Thanks to everyone for sharing their stories similar to mine and acknowledging that, for the children, the divorce was never their fault! These conversations have really got me thinking about how toxic for me it is to talk to my mom. I'll update in a bit. Thanks guys and keep your head up if you fuck up!/nSo there I was driving down the interstate going about 70 mph minding my own business. I feel a small tickle on the back of my neck barely above threshold. I reach back to itch the feeling and bring my hand back to the wheel. IT’S A GIANT FUCKING SPIDER! 



Worse still, that monster took a short ride on my hand and landed in my lap. I quickly slap the crap out of this thing. Well, I am not a smart man. That spider got squashed into liquified guts with my nuts on the other end. I’m not sure if anyone has ever had their nuts thunderclaped while driving but it’s not conducive to maintaining your lane. The shock and vomit inducing pain cause me to jerk the wheel and at the speed I was going I proceed to do terrifying back and forth where I nearly flip my SUV. Naturally, a cop saw the whole thing and the blue lights go up.


So I keep my hands on wheel and the cop comes up to the window. “Son, what seems to be your problem!?” The cop had been directly behind me and I assume he nearly rear ended me. For whatever reason he wasn’t happy. “Officer, I’m not sure if you’re going to believe me but take a look at my crotch real quick” ... awkward pause... “that didn’t come out very well but that mess is what’s left of the spider I powersmashed on my balls.” I leave it at that and let him connect the dots. He leans over a little to look at the spider guts. After checking to see if I had any warrants he lets me go.



tl;dr: I powersmash a spider on my balls while driving, nearly crash, got pulled over./nI am cringing while writing this. I was going to a library to study (I’m in college, yay ) and I saw this cute guy as I’m walking in. I was thinking “hot damn, he fine” but I didn’t think he saw me so I sat down at a table that was empty. It’s early morning on a Friday, so no one was there. I was in a rush to leave dorms, so my bra was not fitting right at all-TMI but basically only 40% of my left boob was actually in the bra.

Since the library room I was in was basically empty I had the bright idea to, with both hands, grab my bra (through my shirt, don’t worry)and hitch it up. I can’t exaggerate this enough-this was not a sly fixing of the strap, or a gentle adjusting of a side boob: I was fondling myself. 

Literally as I am grabbing my breasts, the cute boy, who was still deciding where to sit, chose to walk back in my direction and saw the whole thing, which I only realized when I looked up.

Then he chose to sit next to me? I don’t know why? Do boys find girls who viciously yank at their bras in libraries on Friday mornings attractive? But I was so embarrassed at this point, and my face was hot, so I didn’t even look at him. He kept sneaking glances at me, and I have NO IDEA what he was thinking. That I was psycho? That he had to sit in that seat because it was too late to turn back? I don’t know. 

Anyway, to add to this, my stomach kept rumbling in the quiet library. It’s at that point that I decided I had to get out of there, and of course I tripped as I tried to stand. Anyway. That’s me. This is my life. Thoughts? Comments? Help? 

TLDR: a cute boy in a library saw me trying to stuff my boobs back into my bra. 

/nObligatory, this happened this past Wednesday. 

So I've been out of town the past few weeks, and my girlfriend kept talking about how she was working on a sexy role-play kind of outfit for when I got back. Well, color me stoked. I get home from my work trip, and alas, no surprise. No big deal, I figure it just didn't pan out. So this is Sunday, fast forward to Wednesday. 

Wednesday, I'm back at work.  Five o'clock rolls around, I go to my car, and I drive home. I walk in, and ooohh my god. The sexy surprise. My girlfriend in a maid lingerie costume (you know the type) waiting for me in our bedroom. FANTASTIC. We start going at it, maid costume comes off, she's on top, and I go to kind of pin her arms against her back, and bend her over top of me. Well, I was a bit aggressive about it. 

I proceed to body slam her onto myself, with her shoulder coming down into my mouth with a force AT LEAST equitable to the new naval rail gun. She asks if I'm alright, it's then I realize, no, no, I'm not alright. I taste iron in my mouth, and realize that, sure enough, she's dislodged one of my teeth. It's literally lying parallel in my mouth.  Not to be outdone, I tell her sure, I'm fine, rip the tooth back into place (or as close as possible), and try to keep going. She doesn't say anything at first, then she informs me that apparently I've got blood all over my mouth. She was not really into that, apparently. 

I don't have dental insurance, so I go to the ER, and regale the staff there with my sexual misadventure. Missed work the next day, while arguing with insurance and going to the dentist. It's been quite the surprise.

tl/dr: Girlfriend's sexual surprise ends with me losing a tooth and completely blue balled. 

EDIT: Showed this to my girlfriend, she wanted me to update to include that she took care of the blue ball situation when I got back from the hospital. 10/10. 

EDIT 2: Thanks for the Gold! /nBeen in the academy 3 months, we have to wear baseball caps that say "POLICE ACADEMY" on them whenever we are outside. When we go inside we tuck the caps into the back of our pants to hold them. I ate mango habanero wings at BDubs last night and had explosive diarrhea this morning so I decided to poop before going into class. Went to the stall, pulled my pants down and spewed lava for 20 minutes. When I was done I stood up, turned around to flush and noticed something under all the shit. Then noticed the words "POL", was confused for a good 30 seconds before it hit me. Drill instructor yelled at me for being outside without a cover, asked me why, and instead of the usual "no excuse sir", I told him. He laughed for 5 minutes, first time I've ever seen him smile. He gave me a new cover and told all the other instructors who now call me "shit head". 

TLDR: dropped hat in toilet without noticing, explosive diarrhea, drill instructors call me shit head now. /nHusband just messaged me mid-flight with this story (his FU not mine, but shared with his permission):

&#x200B;

"So I got up to put some deodorant on in the bathroom. The kind with the roller ball. I go to put it on and nothing is coming out. So I do a quick flick of it to get the liquid inside moving. Worst case scenario The roller bar goes flying off and liquid deodorant goes flying everywhere. Mirror, walls, floor... E v e r y w h e r e...

&#x200B;

Even worse... The deodorant is the exact color and consistency of semen. The bathroom looked like 10 guys had an orgy. My pants are also covered with this substance. I cleaned it up the best I could but I am horrified at what people will think if I missed a spot (I debated about telling the attendant but I am 99% sure I got everything. The worst part is I didn't even get to use it."

&#x200B;

TL;DR My husband tried to put deodorant while on his flight and instead made it look like he had a mile high sex party./nNot today as per usual. But 18 years ago.

I had moved to California a few years earlier. A few blocks away was a grocery store. In that store was a toy section. Back then. 1998? It just had an assortment of coloring books and some "squeaky" toys. Rubber animals you would squeeze to make a noise. I would grab the "squeak" thing from those toys. They are the size of a pill or vitamin. If I placed it in my mouth and pulled it to the back I could talk while making a stupid noise. One time heading back to my friends after grabbing a fresh squeaker I accidentally chortle\ snorted and inhaled the thing. I'm behind the store now ready to hop the stone wall back home. No one is around. Nor will there be til the trash is dropped at end of night. So I'm choking. But instead of a gasp its a loud squeak. Reeeeeet, ruuuuuh. I'm grasping at my chest. Reereet, ruuuh. My vision fades and a fall down on my back. This dislodges the squeaker with one more loud REET. After a moment on the ground I get up and go home. Deciding I'll never take a squeaker again.

Edit: Only to say thank you all for the laughs you provided me too./nI was at my girlfriends parents house about to eat dinner, her mom had a big spread made up for build-your-own-tacos.

Now at this dinner I was unbelievably baked out of my fucking mind. I mean I smoked a lot of damn weed with my roommate before leaving because my nerves were getting to me since this was my first time meeting her parents.

So fast forward a bit and we’re all making our plates, and I go last because I’m trying to be respectful.

I make my plate with a few tacos and think no big deal, just gonna finish up here and go sit down with the others.

Now when I sat down I noticed something was different about everyone. My girlfriend was trying to contain laughter while her parents had the most confused faces I’ve ever seen.

To try and break the ice I ask “what happened?” My girlfriend looks over at me and asks if I’m feeling okay whilst containing her laughter. Then she looks down at my plate to get me to see what I’d done.

And my god you guys, the fucking embarrassment.

I put Spanish rice full to the brim in my taco shells and I had the meat and other toppings scattered on the side in a mess on my plate. I was backwards in what I was trying to do but was too high to notice.

I didn’t make a very good first impression because to this day they think I’m some kind of lunatic.


TL;DR I was so baked that I put my side on my taco and my taco on the side in front of my girlfriends parents while meeting them for the first time./nMy partner and I pulled my car into the parking lot of the library. It was a hot summer day and we were there to use the WiFi and checkout a couple books and return a couple that were overdue. I'd been inside about ten minutes when some commotion started in the parking lot. My partner noticed and decided to go gawk at it while I finished up. 


Another five minutes go by and my partner hadn't returned. I'd seen a few police cars go by. I decided to go see what all the fuss was about. Heading to the door I notice they're all clustered near my car. "Well this isn't good." On closer examination I notice my partner approaching the group of officers. They'd just arrested some guy. Exiting I overheard the second half of the conversation. 


"... and then you entered that vehicle, the blue one?"


"Yes officer."


"And took these items?"


"Yes officer." 


"And you entered these vehicles?" The officer motioned to the row of cars, including mine. 


"Yes."


There wasn't much of value in my car. A few days prior we had picked up a few items at a garage sale for the new apartment for cheap. I wasn't too concerned -- none of the windows in any of the cars appeared smashed or anything. Behind the officers a swarm of vehicles had boxed in another, a boring sedan. The door was ajar and inside I could see another officer setting items on the hood. It was a modest collection. None of my possessions appeared to be in the rather sizeable pile on the vehicle's hood.


He added nervously, "Except that one." He motioned to my beat up Saturn. And I say beat up, but really it looked like something out of Mad Max. The hood and quarter panel were painted flat black, while the rest of the car was purple. It was coated in a veneer of rust all over the underside, looking like it had been ridden hard and put up wet. 


My partner raised her voice, "Hey! Why not my car?!" Well, I approached to correct her. I would regret this decision shortly. The officer gave a quizzical look at the would-be thief. 


"Yes, why not *that* car?", the officer says, turning back to the thief. 


At this point, I'd reached the small crowd and announced myself. "Excuse me, it's actually my car." I got a polite nod, and the officers continued. I gave a questioning and slightly annoyed towards my partner. The thief, now appearing quite anxious, retorted "Because of the dead body!" 


There was a moment of silence as all the officers jerked up and all looked at him, then my car. Then me and my partner, all in rapid succession. They all reflexively put their hands on their sidearm and one of them looked at the two of us and said rather sharply "Don't move." Great. So now we've gone from petty theft to body stashing. An officer keyed up his radio to call for backup, "suspicion of murder, suspects at gunpoint." Visions of officers opening the trunk to find some gruesome scene flashed through my head. My stomach braced. My partner and I exchanged nervous looks.


Two other officers approached the car and peered into the back seat. At the same time then the guns came out of the holster and the two of them turned their attention to us, yelling, "Get on the ground!" Well this day is off to a great start. We've gone from overdue library books to murder. Me and my partner both complied, while other officers opened up my car. I heard some excited noises from them followed by silence, "Uh chief, you better come see this." Both of them were grinning and looking back at the thief, who looked pale as a ghost. The plot sickens.


A third, rather larger man sauntered over and then burst out laughing, "Let them up," gesturing towards the officer with his knee in my back. "Okay, what the actual fuck is going on," I wondered to myself. The chief is practically out of breath from choking down laughter and tells his subordinate with the thief to go ahead and put him in the back of a squad car. We both approach nervously and peer into the car.


It was only then I realized what had happened. The thief had been going through the cars and skipped ours because, in the back seat, was a pile of mannequin parts. We'd found them in an alleyway a couple days prior in the esteemed Loring Park area, perhaps the gayest part of the Twin Cities. I'd entirely forgotten about them. We had intended to use them to decorate our new, and rather empty, apartment, and nothing says queer quite like a fashion mannequin holding coats by the door. He must have spotted them and decided they were the chopped up remains of someone. 


Now, we both knew they looked realistic enough because we'd managed to scare the shit out of a former roommate who liked to rummage through our stuff by leaving an arm and some pillows under a blanket to make her think one of us was sleeping there and discourage snooping. But of course, she'd gotten too curious and gotten a dose of karma for her trouble. And now all the officers were taking turns, looking back at us, and grinning ear to ear at us and the idiot thief. In the end, we were left with many apologies and another tale for friends of my fabled car of the damned. A few minutes later a SWAT truck, driven by some bored officers, pulled up and took their turn looking and laughing.


TL;DR - Was nearly given the chair for murdering a mannequin and overdue library books. 


EDIT: Obviously officers don't talk like this. It happened a decade ago. Forgive my attempt at recreating long forgotten conversation. Also, yes, it really was SWAT. No, I can't explain it either. /nMy son is 18 and we generally get along pretty well, though he's going through his own life and I'm trying to respect that.

So I came home after work, him after school, I decided to visit his room to ask him what he wanted for dinner and to maybe play some Mario Kart.

I'm still mortified at what I found...

I walk in, fully clothed my son's girlfriend is on all fours on the bed, my son's face is buried into her butt... She stares at me with the widest eyes I've ever seen and within milliseconds releases what can only be described as the "Horns of the apocalypse" and farts directly into my son's face. 

He falls backward off the bed, brings down an entire table on top of him, she falls off the front of the bed flipped completely upside down, vertically. He yells "dad!!" when suddenly the contents of his entertainment center come crashing down on him.

I rush to his aid, the room smells of some kind of mix of tunafish and hard boiled eggs. My son's pants are down, he's crying and I'm panicking trying to unbury him below the rubble. 

His girlfriend then runs out of the room and heads for the bathroom, all I can hear are explosive noises that could break glass with soundwaves.

My son is bleeding, I haven't said one word at this point. I muster the strength I have to get him to the car for an ER visit. I try to get his girlfriend but all I hear from the bathroom is a mix of crying and fart trumpets exploding.

In a moment of weakness I back up and just leave my house locking the door.

My son's alright now, physically anyway. I'll update if he gets pink eye. His girlfriend hasn't contacted us so I can assume she's still going to town. I'm no longer hungry so dinner's out.

tl;Dr walked in on my son burying his face into his girlfriend's anus, she farts, he falls off bed and takes down a table and his entertainment center.

**UPDATE**

Thanks so much for the gold! I originally just wanted to type this out as a literal "TIFU", as in I felt like I had really screwed up and wanted some support. I misunderstood the humor this subreddit is usually used for; I should have been more discreet with details to say the least. I never anticipated for a second this would grow to this level.

My son is fine, he just ended up with a few scrapes and bruises. I was mainly concerned at the site of blood added by the fact that all the objects falling down on him were pretty heavy game systems, figurine statues and the like.

We haven't spoken much about the incident, but I did pry a few details out, in the least judgmental, kind way I could think to. 

They had the house to themselves, it started with cuddling as she didn't feel very well (obviously) and he admitted he just wanted to "sniff" her butt. She was probably reluctant to reveal HOW she didn't feel very well. We *are* talking, but not much. He's let out a few chuckles and smiles with red face. I realize walking in was a huge violation of privacy, but I am trying my very best to band-aid this. He is aware of the Reddit post but doesn't mind.

When we got home the bottom lock on the door was locked and she was nowhere in sight. She hasn't contacted him at all since it happened, but in a few days or whenever she gets back to him I plan on driving him over to see her, and giving her the kindest smile and wave I can muster, all jokes suppressed. 

If any of his gaming stuff is damaged I plan on fully replacing them, and getting him new stuff as an apology.

A few answered questions:

* I did not enter the room with my pants off. I was fully clothed, she was fully clothed, his pants were merely down. I originally typed out the TIFU in a hurry while we sat down.

* I'm unsure what caused the massive explosion and upset stomach, but I suspect it was already brewing before I walked in, and she was trying to suppress it when she became a deer in headlights when I walked in.

* I will knock before entering or maybe even call him the next time I get home! I realize now I invaded his privacy pretty heavily.

* The room does still faintly smell, and Febreze just lingers in the air with the smell. I suspect she did more than fart on his face...

* No pink eye luckily, either of us, yet

I'll update again if anything worth noting happens/nObligatory *"this happened a few months ago."*

This was easily the most stressful roller-coaster of an event that I hope I ever experience. 

The scene is freshman year of college. I'm a wide-eyed innocent student having a great time away from his parents. I've made some good friends and enjoy messing with them. As such, I decide to pull a little prank on them. It starts with a simple idea: I'm going to Ohio on a business trip. I was actually going to lunch with my parents, but this was a more fun story. I hadn't initially thought out this entire prank, but just like high school presentations, I decided to wing it. Every so often I would go on these out-of-state "business" trips, but I stayed vague as to what my business was. I told them that it was somewhat illegal, but in more of a gray area.

My friends were incredibly intrigued by my illicit endeavors, and as time went on, they began to ask more questions about this business. I still had little to no plan for this ordeal, but boy did I milk it. I had them convinced that there were overseas bank accounts with millions of dollars in them and that I had several people involved in this business. At one point I told them the story of how one of my employees got caught trespassing on government property and I had to pay $10,000 to bail him out. I would "accidentally" send a picture of several thousand dollars, claiming it was meant to go to someone else with no other explanation.

This went on for several months up until about April. The semester was coming to a close, and I had to figure out a finale for my little project. My roommates were in on my prank and several iterations of plans were discussed. The final version of this ~~bad idea~~ plan was as follows: I will create an email address posing as the chief of police at my college. In the email, the officer (we'll call him Bill Myers) will inform my friends that he is currently looking to bring in ShortTail359 for questioning. I was very specific to say that no one should call 911 or contact anybody outside of this email address with the excuse that there was no official investigation so Bill was looking into the matter himself. I then went on to explain how ShortTail359 is conducting a business out of university housing and that this is all we know but the business might be illegal/dangerous. In summation: email me if you know of ShortTail359's whereabouts, don't call 911, don't contact anyone else in the police department.

I figured I covered my bases and sent the email. It was very well worded and quite convincing to a group of people who already believed I was running a secret business. Sure enough, my friends bought it hook line and sinker. One of them replied, informing Bill that she didn't know anything about my business, other than that I mentioned it occasionally. Three friends ignored the email altogether, and one texted me saying she didn't believe it.

The next three days were interesting. I had several classes with these people and finals were upon us so skipping class was not a good idea, but I had to make them believe I was on the run. Fortunately some of these classes had several hundred students and I was able to sit far away from our usual spots. The smaller classes I avoided altogether. Meals were eaten at odd times, and at one point I had to hide in the shower because a friend was in my dorm. I had no contact with the prank-ees outside the occasional text.

Fast forward to the Thursday I decided would be the day to reveal my shenanigans. I'm walking into class when these two men in suits stop me just inside the door. They ask me if I am ShortTail359 and upon confirming this they tell me they need to speak with me outside. We walk downstairs to the building's lobby where I am greeted by two more men who have guns at their sides. All four of them hold up their badges in dramatic fashion and one introduces himself as "Agent Michael Scarn with the FBI" (fake name obviously). It was approximately at this point that I peed a little bit as I realized that I was in some trouble.

Agent Scarn: "Do you know why we're here?"

ShortTail359: "No, but I have a pretty good guess."

Agent Scarn: "Well why don't you tell us what your guess is?"

I proceeded to explain the email I sent out along with a brief summary of the genesis of my prank. 50 minutes of questioning later and I had given Agent Scarn the password to the email account, signed an agreement saying I won't access the account or I'd face several charges, given a written statement of the events, crapped my pants twice, and completely missed my class. Agent Scarn gave me his business card and said they would be in touch.

I go back to my dorm and try to come to terms with the fact that I may have ruined my future career and life altogether. All my friends had a good laugh at my expense but not before I had a good laugh at their expense for believing my stupid business story. After a long sleepless weekend I get a call from a Sergeant at the police station. He says that he needs to meet with me and we arrange a time. I go down to the station and for 10 minutes all he does is yell at me and tell me what a stupid idea this was. Now I'm a pretty good kid. Never got in trouble in school, honor roll, never so much as a speeding ticket, so having a police officer yell at me was a new experience. He finally calms down enough for me to explain that this is an anomale and that it was supposed to be an innocent prank. He believes me and tells me that regardless, they're going to charge me with criminal impersonation which is a class A misdemeanor. My court date is set for a couple weeks from now and that was the end of it.

I go to court fully prepared to leave with a no longer perfect record. As the staff is processing me and taking my mugshot, a lady asks me what my name is. I tell her ShortTail359, when a guy jumps around the corner and yells "But you can just call him Chief Bill Myers!" This was a much needed laugh and also informed me that word of my idiocy had gotten around town. I go into the court room and waited for this lighthearted judge to call my name. Most of the charges were speeding tickets or marijuana related so the judge was moving pretty quickly. However, he calls my name and then pauses. I walk up to the podium and he's still paused, clearly reading over my file. He looks up at me, and then back down at my file again. After reading it completely through, he just starts laughing. Several minutes go by before he finally asks me if I have any sort of criminal history. I tell him I don't have so much as a speeding ticket and he asks if I would like to keep it that way. I happily say yes and he give the DA my paperwork. The DA asks for my story and tells me that he's never seen anything like this before (something I had heard several times at this point). He informs me that this is something they could have expunged as long as I pay my court fees. I thank him and go back to waiting for the judge to call me up again.

When he does, a smile immediately dawns his face and he begins to chuckle. At this point I'm relieved enough to let out a giggle of my own since I can feel the entire court room wondering what I've done. The judge tells me that he will expunge my charge and asks me if I will ever do something like this again. I assure him that I will not and he says, with a smile on his face, "You know son everyone in this court room is wondering who you impersonated, but I'm going to do something that you should have done and keep my mouth shut." I thank him and sheepishly walk out of the room.

Later that day I took the required documents back to the court and had the whole charge expunged in a matter of hours. It was easily the most stressful month of my life and was not worth it at all, but I am now able to walk around with an FBI agent's card in my wallet and keep a fond memory of being laughed at by a judge.

TL;DR: I play a prank on my friends that ends with me being questioned by 4 FBI agents for almost an hour and charged with criminal impersonation.

Edit: Here’s a link to Agent Scarn’s business card. It’s a little faded since it sits in my wallet. https://imgur.com/gallery/9hVW0Oa

Edit 2: Spelling/n(EDIT 2)Proof:(https://i.imgur.com/Z0zm9xi.png)

Throwaway, obviously. I also made the [same post](https://www.reddit.com/r/23andme/comments/af5eex/23andme_has_just_shown_that_ive_been_accidentally/) over at r/23andme.

I just found out a few hours ago and my girlfriend and I are currently a mental wreck. 

Quick background

My girlfriend (I'll refer to her as Sarah) and I have been dating for a little over than a year and our relationship has been going very well. We both happen to come from the same town and met each other in college after being introduced by a mutual friend of ours.

Here's where the FU begins to unravel

Last year for Christmas, Sarah decided to come over and stay with me at my apartment for the holidays. I also had decided not to go home for the holidays either. Plus, all my other roommates were back home visiting family, so we had the whole place to ourselves. It was perfect. 

Christmas day rolls around, and Sarah had bought the both of us 23andme DNA kits. The thing is, is that we were both conceived by in-vitro fertilization via sperm donors. Both of our fathers were infertile so our parents had no choice. Deep down, the both of us were hoping to find our biological fathers through the service.

Fast forward less than a month later to today, and both of our results are in. Sarah comes over to spend the weekend and we go through our results together on our laptops. We compare our ancestry and health reports and nothing seems off. I even found out I'm 2% Native American. All was well until we arrived at the "DNA relatives" section...

Sarah tightly holds my hand and says "I hope we both find our fathers". Then I open mine up....

At the top of my screen, I see Sarah's name.... "27% DNA shared...half-sister.........."

Sarah starts hysterically laughing and tells me to stop joking. 

I don't react to anything she says, and just stare at my screen in disbelief. 

I then abruptly grab her laptop and open up her "DNA relatives" section. We see the same thing. My name at the top... "27% DNA shared...half-brother" 

At this moment my brain just completely short-circuits.....

I'VE BEEN HAVING SEX WITH MY HALF-SISTER. HOLY FUCKING SHIT. WTF

My mind starts going a 100mph and I began hyperventilating, going into a state of shock. I can't even remember what Sarah was doing at this time.

It's pretty self-explanatory by now, but for those of you who don't understand how we could be related, it turns out our moms were probably both fertilized by the same sperm sample. What are the fucking odds, right? The fact that we're from the same town certainly increased the odds but still. 
 
6 hours later, just typing this entire post makes my body shiver. There are no words I have to express what my mental state is now. To put it in simple words: I feel traumatized. Part of me still won't stop thinking about how much I love Sarah and then I realize our entire relationship was incest. I honestly feel disgusted standing in my own skin. I've even been contemplating suicide.

Sarah and I haven't talked at all since going into shock. 

Right as I'm finishing up this post, Sarah has grabbed her stuff and left my apartment a few moments ago.

I'm probably not going to respond to any of your comments/questions for now and I honestly want to be left alone in the corner of my room. I really just needed a place to vent all this.

TL;DR: Former gf and I are both sperm donor babies and come from the same town. We take a 23andme DNA test and find out we're each other's half-sibling. Meaning I've been having sex with my sister for over a year. Turns out we both were conceived from the same sperm sample, go figure. 

I do not give permission for my post to be used in the making of any movie, story, book, etc. 

EDIT: My mates just came home and are giving me support. 

EDIT 2: RIP inbox. Thank you all so much for the support. I just logged back in and didn't really expect this post to blow up. Last night was rough. Sarah's friend/roommate called letting me know Sarah was home. As of now, Sarah and I still haven't talked. But after an night of thinking, I believe I've come to terms with what we've discovered. For those of you who still think this is fake (I honestly wish it was), here's a screenshot showing our shared DNA (https://i.imgur.com/Z0zm9xi.png).
I think the best way for Sarah and I to heal is to go back home (our town) and see how this all began with our families. Only then will we be able to accept the reality. I'll post more updates as things develop.  /nObligatory this was a while ago.

So it's a known fact amongst friends and family that I always have a poop or fart joke waiting to go. It's just who I am. You can have your turgid penis and voluptuous vagina jokes, I'll take a heaving helping of poop jokes with a squelching mound of fart stories any day of the week. If you've shat your pants in public I want to know, the more public and embarrassing the better, it's not a sex thing I swear; I've just always been like that since I was a young child. There is something inherently humorous to a subject so personal and private and that will never change. 

That knowledge combined with the events I am about to relay to you make me wonder if perhaps we do live in a world where unseen forces act to maximize the comedic value of my life.

Some don't believe me when I tell them this tale but there's a link at the end with video evidence so suspend your disbelief and prepare to be grateful for your moderate home repair issues, it could be far worse.
Here we go.

My wife and I bought the house with a few minor problems that were handled during closing like all deals are, we knew there would be a few surprises from what friends and family said so we stashed some money aside and opened a Home Depot card for the promotional no interest purchases. 

Sure enough the floor wasn't insulted in the downstairs and since the crawlspace was hard to get around in to the inspector never caught it. I went ahead and purchased a load of insulation to re-insulate, whatever. It was summer and after getting married a few months earlier then moving we were exhausted so we worked on the interior of the house and the yard for the remainder of the good weather.

During this time we'd get the occasional whiff of something stanky but didn't think much of it. I'd buy some Draino and the smell would go away. Ok, the house has some plumbing issues, no biggie, $7 a week until we got the rest of the home under control and we'd get a plumber in to take look.
It's the week before Thanksgiving and I finally get under the house to work on that insulation. It's cooler and everything is drying out for the winter. 

I've been in some crawl spaces that would gross the average human out before but this place, Jesus fucking Christ this place took the cake, blew a load all over it, force-fed it to a drugged out former child actor then bottled the shit they produced for resale at the local farmer's market as a skin care product it was so evil. I knew right then we were in for a ride, the house had been flipped and if it wasn't visible during a tour it had not been fixed.

That week I found 2 dead cats, an old stereo system from the 80s that had been hulk smashed, a car wheel, a broken window for a bar from New Hampshire (we're in New York) and so much insulation it took fifteen extra large trash bags to remove among other random debris. Even with a respirator my nose still get clogged and I spend the remainder of the day with no sense of smell.

Anyone who knows anything about homes will tell you when someone flips a house they tend to buy shitholes and plug them with some spackel to keep the streams of festering shit at bay before selling them to unsuspecting dupes like us. 

If you're buying a home that's been flipped negotiate like you're fucking the shit out of a fresh coconut that will be thrown away immediately like any normal person would because I guarantee you that those sellers have been hiding cum filled coconuts in the walls just waiting for you to find as you settle in and attempt to make changes to the home. They don't give a fuck if the place falls apart next year because the reality of real estate law is it's buyer beware. They deserve to make as little as fucking possible for their "trouble" so go in fucking if you want to come out satisfied. Then again I'm biased as you will come to find out.

So I'm under the house two days before Thanksgiving and hauling bags of old insulation out through a tiny hole I can barely fit through. My wife tells me she's going to take a shower and won't be able to help if I need anything. I crawl back under and figure I'll grab another bag or two and call it quits.

Then I hear the water. If you're a homeowner the worst sound you can hear is water running where it shouldn't be. That's better than never hearing the water but it still means there's a lot of water where it shouldn't be any and if you don't find it things get messy fast.I didn't know much but I knew that.

I hear a splattering that is roughly equivalent of a shower running but it sounds like water is pouring into a pool. I've owned a home for less than 4 months at this point so everything makes me nervous but this struck fear in my heart. It's even coming from the corner of the crawlspace the inspector couldn't get to because of ductwork making this urgent andsuper inconvenient.

I'm about 100 pounds lighter than the inspector so I squirm my way over the main sewer line and over the field of nasty old insulation that would still take another ten bags to remove. Clouds of fiberglass cat piss dust are billowing and making it hard to see through my respirator. I wriggle under the main return air duct just barely making, something shifts and the fucker slides about 3 inches closer to the ground making a return from this side of the crawlsapce impossible. I sigh and keep going. My nose is always clogged from the moment I get down there, something about that dust just immediately makes it impossible for me to smell anything for a good couple of hours even though I make sure the respirator fits snugly against my face.

The light of my headlamp illuminates the problem, there's a stream of water pouring from somewhere between the joists. I think to myself "Great! The pipe broke?!" and crawl forward to the sparkling stream. I climb over a mound and down the other side onto what I thought was dirt but the moment I touched it the layer of dirt on the water rippled with the water beneath it. I see the brown ripples spreading but it's too late and the cool water floods into my gloves, moments later I realize my entire torso is wet as the water soaks through my jumpsuit. "What the fuck!?" this is more than a single shower. This is, like a month of showers in a dusty lake under our house. The water stops running and I decide it's time to just get out of the crawlspace and call the plumber. We put away money specifically for stuff like this, it won't be fun but whatever.

I'm moister than an oyster at this point and take a soggy second to look over the tangle of pipes and mountains of dirt - weird the floor should be flat but whatever - searching for a path to where there's a space behind the furnace I'll be able to slide through. I see it and start slogging through the sludgy mud trying to figure out what it's going to cost to drain this water so the plumber can work. 

The I hear it. A toilet flush. It didn't hit me until it hit me, the better part of a flush splattered across my back unleashing a sub-human scream of disgust and outrage. I turned back to try to see where it's coming from and respirator caught on a random old pipe sticking out of the ground sliding to the side. 

A whiff of unadulterated corruption made it to my clogged crawlspace dust filled sinuses. Jesus, Buddha, Sagan, anyone with temporal admin rights wind this horror story back and get me out of here. Send me back to the womb, let me start over, I want to start over; we have to go back, Kate!
I'm sure you're thinking "Why the fuck would my wife shit after showering?" I thought same thing, to be honest I don't know, she married me; I livestream jars of meat for my own personal entertainment, I guess she's going to be a little off, too.

The realization of how far up shit's creek I am soaked into my brain at the same speed of that which soaked into my back. The upstairs bathroom wasn't on the tax documents prior to the seller's ownership, it was part of the renovation. Someone fucked up bigly and since the house wasn't occupied after the renovation this is only now coming to light. Holy shit I'm crawling through three months of shit, my shit, my wife's shit, my father in law's shit! 

Memories of every shit I'd taken since moving in coursed through a mind imploding with revulsion like some nightmarish montage complete with the disembodied image of some arch nemesis cackling in the corner of the vision. We had numerous taco nights, I had discovered a sale on discount hot dogs a month earlier and had an entirely unrelated case of food poisoning a week after that was so bad I was showering instead of wiping. All of that was down here, with me, on me, soaking into me.

The panic set in and I scrambled up and over the mound that when it broke under my frantic grasping revealed yet-to-decompose toilet paper and slimy fecal matter complete with a visible kernel of corn, the metaphorical cherry on top of this unholy shit-cake that I was scrambling through.

Five minutes later my wife comes downstairs and finds me in the downstairs shower, which was also not attached to the sewer, crying hysterically, the stress of finding one thing after another leading up to me crawling through my own waste had been too much. I could only hope that in time the stains burned into my memory would fade.

Today we joke about it because what the fuck else can you do? We had it fixed, we moved on. We still can't believe we never smelled it bad enough to think more than a backed up drain. We started taking classes on how to repair your own home and are learning as much about basic home repair as we can. We are wiser and more capable today, this kind of disaster won't happen again.

As promised, video proof. https://youtu.be/tofGWfM6sJA

Since I’ve been asked here’s my Meatstream. I think  the heat wave killed the maggots. EDIT: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wT2I6vYbCSY Meatstream is back, the heatwave made my laptop overheat. EDIT: Also on Twitch, https://www.twitch.tv/chriswalkerguy

To answer your questions yes we had an inspector and no New York State does not hold inspectors liable for anything but after several other far more expensive issues and discovery of discrepancies in the sale documents an attorney has taken the case.

TL;DR I bought a house where the sellers had not attached the pipes to the sewer and the crawlspace prevented the inspector from catching it. I learned about this 3 months after the sale while crawling through the puddle of poops. /nOK...I was awakened this morning by my dad saying, "Hey Dude! You're famous!" Last night he posted a story about me giving my bully a beatdown. We read through the comments together and I want to say that I am overwhelmed at the support I have recieved, not only for knocking my bully TFO but also for the two surgeries I went through. First of all, I wanted to give you guys some proof because I keep seeing post about this being fake. Here are some pics of me, before and after my surgeries and a shamless karma whoring pic of my dog and family. We are a big clan and we are very close.

Here is a link to the original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bvu086/tifu\_by\_giving\_my\_son\_permission\_to\_beat\_his/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/bvu086/tifu_by_giving_my_son_permission_to_beat_his/)

&#x200B;

Here are the pics of me:

[https://imgur.com/a/dJ5zlDc](https://imgur.com/a/dJ5zlDc)

&#x200B;

To clarify, the kid who hit me in the chest was a good friend of mine. He did not intend to hurt me. We were just clowning around. The kid who bullied me would just slap me or punch me. I thought he would stop but he never did. I didn't want my brother to do anything about it because I was scared he would get hurt again. He had a Level 2 Traumatic Brain Injury from a mountain biking accident and everyone is very protective of him. To those of you who say I should have told on the kid. That is a terrible idea. That would just serve to put a bigger target on my back. Then it would have been twenty bullies hitting me every day. 

Also, I feel bad for the kid I hit. I feel like his home life isn't all that great. He is always looking for attention. I tried talking to him afterwards but he didn't want to. I did talk to his brother, though, and he was glad I punched him. 

As far as the surgey goes, I think I will do a AMA on that because I saw a lot of questions about it from people who have Pectus and are curious about the surgery. 

TL;DR: My dad posted about me beating up my bully and now I spent an entire sunny, Idaho day inside reading posts and laughing at my dad./nObligatory this happened on Monday. So, I have been single for a while and a friend of mine gave me a contact last year, saying you and this girl will probably get along well. And that we did, from December to this month we have steadily been growing closer and having tonnes of fun along the way. Sans sexual flirting though. I even nicknamed her my almost soulmate because things just flowed between us. Until last week Friday when I decided to visit her for Easter (she stays in a nearby city).

Now remember I've been single for a long time.  And my raging-hormone to logic ratio is at an all time high, thanks to a total lack of outlets. So when she said the entire visit should be spent indoors I thought Finally. This is where it happens. I packed 2 condoms to the visit and sprayed deo like a mad man. Got there and things were going great really, until after one hour of YouTube videos I got nervous and then desperate BUT I didn't make a move. For some reason I believed something would magically happen and we would end up in sexy time. You can imagine my inevitable disappointment when I had to leave.

So just before we parted she suggested we take pictures and I said cool but really all I could think about was how I had failed at the only booty chance I had had in a year. Needless to say I didn't look overly enthusiastic, or even remotely happy on the pictures. Which apparently bothered her as she thought I didn't want pics with her because she is ugly (which she isn't) and for the weekend she kept on bringing it up and I kept on saying I was really anxious to travel back home in time. Which of course she didn't buy and eventually I thought hey let me just tell her the truth. So on Monday I sent her a pic of the condoms and explained my disappointment and sexual frustration, trying to reassure her that she isn't ugly.

And now, well, its been 3 days since we spoke. Thanks, Hormone Monster.

**TL;DR: Confessed that I was disappointed we didn't get to sexy time with a good friend and now she won't text me**

**Edit: So, this kinda blew up lol. Thanks for the silver, kind strangers! And uhhh as for those suggesting I have zero social knowledge you're absolutely right, had no idea I would receive my awakening from this app. Also thanks to all the kind inboxes offering advice. And I know this is sad but the meta jokes around my post history are killing me! Spray moderate deo y'all. Oh and since when is sexy time no longer standard nomenclature??**

&#x200B;

**Update**: We are now talking again but it's still understandably slow and too early to tell if the conversation will be sustainable. And yes, I did apologize profusely, she mostly expressed confusion as to why I thought something would happen but that's a whole different story. Thanks to all the people giving advice in the comments, I'm hoping it helps me both short and long term. As for the special strangers who rightly sensed that I would be overwhelmed with some of the negativity (honestly its just the people taking my other posts out of context or at least putting them in this context), I am truly amazed at your genuine kindness. I hope to be a similar positive influence one day./nLink to my previous post:
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/af5h58/tifu_by_finding_out_ive_been_accidentally_dating/

Same updated [posted here](https://www.reddit.com/r/23andme/comments/am8cr1/23andme_has_just_shown_that_ive_been_accidentally/) on r/23andme.

First things first, just wow. I can't thank you all enough for the support through the kind comments and messages. I wish I could reply to all of them, but there are just too many. 

I'll answer some common questions I received towards the end of the post, but I'll first start with where we left off. 

After a long dreadful night full of surprises, I woke up the next morning questioning everything. I called bullshit on the test and immediately called Sarah. She picks up telling me she's already booked an appointment with a Genetic counselor. Good, we're both on the same page.  

The next day, we meet with the genetic counselor specifying in patients who take tests with commercial companies. TLDR of what she said was, while the Ancestry reports can be interpreted with a degree of skepticism, DNA matches are determined directly through the raw DNA data, meaning the connection is either there or it isn't. We asked if there was a possibility that we contaminated each other's samples. She said that our samples would have been flagged by the system (apparently that's easy to spot). Even if our 'contaminated' samples magically made it through the system, we would have been shown to be sharing completely identical segments, while 23andme showed we only share half identical segments. 

It was basically confirmed by a specialist at this point and the same feeling of dread I had the other night began to set in again. My friend called an hour later, telling Sarah and I to upload our raw data to a 3rd party dna site online, as extra confirmation. We did just that, and surprise surprise, we're shown as being half-siblings.

Sarah and I spent the rest of the day calling both of our parents and explaining everything. We all came to the conclusion of Sarah and I taking a weekend trip back home, to see how this all started. This idea came to me the same night when the whole ordeal began. 

Ever since that night, Sarah and I, understandably, haven't been the same. I've been trying to mentally cope with my emotions. The logic part of me is telling me "Incest bad, not right, break up" while emotionally, I still love Sarah. I'm having this constant battle in my head, and I'm sure Sarah is too. All of this was especially apparent when Friday rolled around. We both packed our bags and hopped into my car. During our ENTIRE drive up North towards home, not a single fucking word from the both of us. 5 hours later, we finally made it to Sarah's house (the agreed meeting destination). Right before we exit the car, my brain decides to short-circuit. I grab Sarah's hand and lean into kiss her. She stops me, looks me in the eyes, and after brief pause while teary-eyed says "No matter what the outcome of all this will be, I'll be leaving having gained a brother." That shit hit me HARD. We both hug each other and start crying. For the first time in nearly a week, I felt some kind of relief while simultaneously thinking "WTF is going on". Sarah and I both being the emotional meat bags we are, stop hugging and head inside before one of us mentally breaks down (again). 

2 hours later my parents arrive, and we all sit down and formally meet for the first time. Oh yeah, did I forget to mention how this is the first time both my parents and I are meeting Sarah's family? Imagine how fucking awkward that shit is. I'll spare you all the cringeful details of all of us trying to make the whole situation a 'normal conversation'. 

Both of our mother's brought the sperm donor IDs. For those of you who don't know what that is, when a woman has received a sperm donor sample from a cryo-bank, it comes with a ID that is unique to that specific donor. Our mother's compare the IDs and... they're a match. Sarah and I were conceived from the same donor (which we had already guessed to be the case).

The rest of the night was spent discussing what to do going on. As much as I still had feelings for her, Sarah and I came to the conclusion of breaking up. We decided to go to a bi-weekly counseling therapist, to help us get past all this crap and transition into a sibling relationship. 

We spent the rest of our weekend catching up with our families and headed back to uni on Monday. 

As of now, 12 days later, Sarah and I are going to therapy together and we've maintained a friendly relationship, still keeping in touch throughout the week. Mentally, we're both much better but still have a long way to go. It's to early to tell, but I have hope for the future.

Q&A:

Q: When were you both conceived?

A: We were both conceived a month apart, and born 5 weeks apart.


Q: Do you guys look alike?

A: No, not really. The only thing we 'have in common' are our somewhat similar noses. 


Q: What were your ancestry results?

A: Idk why this was a really common question I got through pm, but [here you go](https://www.reddit.com/r/23andme/comments/am85w9/my_results/)


Q: What town are you both from?

A: No


Q: Why do you both care? You should stay together.

A: There's no way that's happening in this society, nor do I want it to happen. We'd have to deal with social and even legal problems (depending on the state). Also, we'd run the risk of conceiving a genetically unhealthy child if we chose to have kids. 


Q: Were you two able to find your biological father?

A: Sarah and I didn't match closely (in terms of 1st cousins and up) with anyone else on 23andme, and as of now, we no longer have a desire to find our bio-father. The genetic counselor mentioned we should keep an eye out for any future half-siblings taking the test.

TLDR: Confirmed incest with specialist, went back home with ex-gf/half-sister, moms confirmed the same sperm sample. Sarah and I have maintained a 'sibling-like' relationship and are currently in therapy. 

/n^Obligatory: ^This ^didn't ^happen ^today, ^but ^over ^the ^summer. ^also ^warning ^some ^NSFW ^language.

^TL;DR ^first ^because ^it's ^long: ^Went ^to ^Eiffel ^Tower ^to ^watch ^Euro ^2016 ^finals, ^ended ^up ^in ^a ^[riot](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/international/euro-2016-french-riot-police-fire-tear-gas-at-supporters-outside-paris-fan-zone-during-france-match-a7129906.html) ^because ^we ^ran ^late, ^got ^tear ^gassed, ^girlfriend ^dislocated ^knee, ^her ^phone ^stolen, ^my ^nose ^broken, ^and ^our ^passports ^stolen.

**BACKGROUND:** My girlfriend (who we'll call Emily) and I were in Paris on the very first day of a month long backpacking trip in Europe. We spent the whole morning smoking hash at Sacré-Coeur with some new friends, who told us that the Euro 2016 final between France and Portugal was that night. They told us to meet them to watch the game at the 'fan zone' at the Eiffel Tower but urged us *not to be late,* otherwise we wouldn't get into the 'fan zone.' 

Being jet-lagged and burnt out from the hash, we took a nap before heading down, but overslept by an hour. We figured we'd head down to the Eiffel Tower anyway and see what was going on. whoops.

**THE FUCK UP:** Arriving at the Eiffel Tower we realize there isn't any fanzone to be found, or so we think. It turns out we are in the [completely wrong place](http://imgur.com/a/8PES8) on the opposite side of the tower from the fan zone, and amongst a crowd of mostly troublemakers that is about to erupt into a riot. 

The first signs of chaos are a small group of youths antagonizing police underneath the tower, and when we see a massive line of riot police facing in our general direction, we decide it's time to leave. 
As we make our way through the crowd I hear screaming and look up in horror to see a smoking projectile sailing through the sky, headed right for us. The crowd around us scatters, knocking Emily and I down, where a **tear gas canister blows up mere feet from our faces**. 

"Get up! We have to go!" I'm screaming at Emily but I notice she's crying & screaming out in pain, not from the tear gas in our eyes but from the fact that **her knee is so broken the thing might as well be on Mars.** I throw her over my shoulder and go sprinting through clouds of tear gas out of the chaos and onto the Pont d'Iena bridge, where some guy **snatches Emily's phone out of her hand**. I turn and watch helplessly as the guy runs off into the crowd, Emily screaming "he took my phone!" 

"Fuck the phone!" I run as far as my arms/legs allow and then set her down. I need to get her to an ambulance, but I can't leave her to find one, so I need someone to help me. So I start screaming at the crowd around me for someone to help, forgetting that I am amongst almost nothing but riff-raff of the worst variety. Nobody helps me or seems to give a shit, so I pick her up and run as far as I can and set her down again. A crowd gathers ogling my girlfriend's knee and staring at me blankly as I shout shit they don't understand like "911! AMBULANCE!" 

It's then I am disgusted to notice a hand reaching from Emily's purse to my back pocket, and I slap it away forcefully, standing up from a crouching position as I do so, screaming "FUCK OUT OF HERE!" I look into the eyes of the perpetrator, a young African guy who loads up and punches me in the face, **shattering my nose**. As blood spurts out of my nose I look at the guy and say with genuine bewilderment "are you fucking kidding me?" He looks at me blankly like he is genuinely surprised to see me still on my feet and spitting profanity at him. I scoop up my girlfriend and start running for our lives. 

I'm now running on what I am convinced is just an infinite bridge of hell on earth. Brawls rage around us as my knees are starting to buckle, my vision blurring. I'm bleeding out of my head onto my girlfriend's lap who is screaming in agony from being carried around with a dislocated knee. I am pretty sure we are going to die. 

Suddenly I'm joined by our savior, a very large goofy looking fellow, who begins helping me carry Emily and encouraging us in French or some other language which we didn't speak. It occurs to me that he could be trying to steal from us too, but at this point I don't even care.  Our new friend's intentions turn out to be true, as he and his group of friends helped me carry my girlfriend to relative safety and helped me guard her while they got help. (For a while I couldn't tell this part of the story without getting extremely emotional about this guy and his friends who stepped up to help us when everyone else was trying to take advantage of our situation. I'll never forget him.)

A bunch of paramedics pulled up in a station wagon, urging me to stay calm while they waited for an ambulance. As police pushed rioters further down the bridge in our direction, I begged the paramedics to just get us out of there in the car. With fear in their eyes and the situation escalating they finally relented, carefully placing Emily in the backseat while I jumped in the trunk.

They got us to a safe part of the city and asked us for our ID. It's then we realized that, as if we weren't having a bad day already, **our passports had been stolen.**

We ended up at a hospital outside Paris, where they did a great job re-setting my girlfriend's knee and didn't touch my nose which was fine with me. It's still crooked. Luckily we were able to get emergency passports and continue on the rest of our trip which was absolutely amazing. I still smell tear gas sometimes when I see  Eiffel Tower pictures & trinkets. Good times!

tl;dr (again): Was late to the Eiffel tower to watch Euro 2016 finals, ended up in a riot, got tear gassed, girlfriend's knee broken, her phone stolen, my nose broken, and our passports stolen.

**EDIT:** Since people are pointing out how I mentioned that the guy who punched me was African, which was for the sole purpose of illustrating the scene, I'd like to add that my entire day in Paris was spent hanging out with African guys who showed me more hospitality than I have found almost anywhere else in the world. I hung out with these guys that one day for like 6 hours, they talked to me a lot about just how poor and starving much of the African population in Paris is. I harbored a lot of anger towards the guy that punched me for a while but I also understand the context of just how starving that guy probably was. people that are trying to politicize this, or turn it into some racist/anti-refugee talking point, or are leaving comments like "those thugs should burn in hell" should have a more nuanced perception of the world.

EDIT2: if the Alt-right folks that are trying to make me their racist champion just because I called the guy African would fuck off, that would be great :)
/nSo I've been fooling around with this girl for awhile now and naturally we've cycled through all your standard vanilla kinks and things were starting to wind down a bit. This wasn't a big deal though as neither of us is interested in anything more than casual sex so there's no pressure to keep things fresh and exciting.

That being said, a little bit ago she randomly messaged me saying she has something naughty to share and sends me cellphone footage of her with a vibrator doing some impressive pornography-grade squirting. She goes on to talk about how excited she is for teaching herself how, and we proceed to make plans to explore this further. Next thing I know she's cumming in my face like a chinese firefighter trying to extinguish a burning chemical factory while I'm right there dumping fuel on the flames.

Now, before I get carried away here, I'll just say, I'm a [M] nurse by trade, and I have no delusions about what's really going on. I can tell exactly where her 'juices' are coming from, and I've made peace with the fact that the girl is pissing in my face while I go down on her, no big deal.

So finally, to the point. She's been squirting in my face for a few weeks now and I've gotten enough in my mouth to know how it tastes. The most surprising thing about the experience is the fact that her piss didn't taste at all like I'd thought it would. Ranging from unflavored Gatorade to that bland tea they serve you at oriental restaurants (that you dump sugar packets into). I thought it was a fluke at first, but after repeatedly testing this observation, I'm quite certain that her piss tastes sweet, sometimes blatantly so.

The perverted side of me thought all this was kinky as hell, so I really didn't think on it too much until this morning. I just woke up and had a weird nurse's epiphany about it. Sweet urine. Glucose urine. Glycosuria. Jesus Christ. I'm a fucking dumbass. I race over to my bag where I keep my backup glucometer for work, wake her bleary-eyed ass up, and pricked her finger to check her blood sugar. 441. **Fuck!** Recheck. 453. **Shit!!** Asymptomatic, but hyperglycemic as fuck. She's got the Beetus. Diabetes. I broke the news as gently as I could, which was something to the tune of "Holy shit fuck! That's some serious fucking diabetes! Call your doctor!" Hysterics ensued. So now she's out to the doctors office and possibly the urgent care clinic for treatment, and I'm sitting here trying figure out a good cover story for how I knew..

TLDR; TIFU by breaking some bad news to a girl after she "squirted" in my face and I diagnosed her with diabetes after realizing her piss was unnaturally sweet.

---------------------------------

UPDATE: Insert the obligatory "omg this went supernova!!1" .. On a serious note though, thanks for the reddit gold~~en shower~~. This has been a long day and I haven't felt this cool on the Internet since that time I used a voice modulator in an MMORPG to convince my guild I was a black guy.

To bring things current, the girl is doing fine now, they've ran more thorough tests and strongly suspect she's a type 1 diabetic, but it'll take a few days and tests to confirm the preliminary results. She's got a lot on her mind, all I can think about though is how we went from casual fuck buddies to irreversibly connected by the act of getting her piss in my mouth.

Still, the response has been hilariously fantastic. While there's a lot of contention on whether this is a fuck up, I'll just say that a couple factors had stuck out to me personally that framed it like that, such as the fact that it took weeks for me to piece this all together, my majorly panicked reaction to it, and the resulting state of hysteria I had caused after scaring the girl half to death. That all kind of overshadowed the lucky guess I made, in my mind anyway. No longer though! Right now I feel like the fucking **man**, thanks for helping me see the cloud's golden lining!/nI’m currently in bed, huddled under the covers and riding out the shockwaves of trauma from this event. 

My first fuck-up was trying to cut out caffeine a few months ago. I succeeded, but also lost my tolerance for caffeine (was drinking an average of 8 espresso shots throughout the day). 

Today, maybe two hours ago, I went to a doctors appointment. This appointment was in a huge hospital, one that had a food court and of course, a Starbucks. It was a mental-health related program, so I was a bit on-edge afterwards. I saw the sign for Starbucks and the clouds of depression began to life. Oh hell yes, the sweet nectar of life beckons to me. 
I get in line and order a medium sized coffee, cream and sugar - something tame, I thought to myself. Not tame enough apparently. 

I got in the car and started to drive home. About ten minutes away, I feel a bubbling in my gut. Oh boy. It’s fine, I say to myself, I can make it home without incident. Oh, how wrong I was. 

While I had been focused on keeping my asshole clenched, I had forgotten that nearly every road and intersection on my way home was clogged up by construction. Detours everywhere. Every time I thought I was getting close to home, I was forced to backtrack and drive a few streets over. At this point, I’m sweating and shaking, my legs are essentially vibrating, and I have no idea how I haven’t passed out at the wheel yet. 

And then it hits me. The cramps. I got my fucking period. IN THE CAR. 

Any person with a uterus will tell you how bad cramps are until they are blue in the face. I will do the same, because when I ovulate, I get cysts all over my ovaries due to PCOS (Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome). Needless to say, it makes everything way more awful than it needs to be. 

My abdomen tightens up, trying to force all of the coffee-afterbirth and uterine tissue out of me, but I resist. I will NOT shit my car, and I certainly will not bleed onto my seats. That shit isn’t even paid off yet. 

I get re-routed for what feels like the millionth time, and finally I see it: a road to home with no construction. I step on the gas and swing around every corner with the gumption and moxie of an F1 driver. In doing this, I have fucked up again. 

I currently have an inner-ear infection, and in my haste I have shaken up all the liquid in my cochlea. Vertigo. Vertigo like you wouldn’t believe. 

To recap: I’m holding in a torrent of liquid regret, clenching my pelvic floor muscles to keep as much of my uterus inside of me as possible, and now I’m dizzy enough that I could no longer tell if my eyes were crossed or not. 

I fly into my driveway, throw my car in park and yank my keys out. I run to my porcelain throne as fast as my entirely clenched body would allow me, all the while bumping into things in my way because the vertigo hadn’t gone away yet and I was effectively as coordinated as a drunk person. 

When I say it was a photo finish, I’m not joking. I started shitting BEFORE my ass even hit the toilet (everything landed in the bowl tho, thankfully). I was sitting there for, legitimately, nearly 45 minutes. 100% liquid. And it didn’t stop for more than three seconds at a time. Once it was over I felt like I had run a marathon wearing lead boots. All of my energy was gone. I crawled upstairs on my hands and knees with the intent of getting in bed, but had to make a mad dash for the bathroom once again and do it all a second time. Finally got myself in the shower to rinse off all of my sweat and potential residue of my poor choices... and then had to stop mid-shower for a third round of misery. I feel another round coming, so this is probably the end of my post. 

TL;DR - If you’re drinking coffee and have to drive home immediately after, maybe shit before you leave the coffee shop.

Edit: Thank you for the gold, stranger!! I’m glad my story was deemed worthy!

Edit 2: Thank you for ANOTHER gold and also platinum!! To answer some questions - yes I am staying hydrated. My mom bought me an absurd amount of Gatorade once she learned of my rectal exorcism. I also did not expect this to gain any attention whatsoever but thank you for the upvotes and kind words :)

Edit 3: AND two silver? Damn y’all generous. Me and my burning insides thank you <3

Edit 4: Tomorrow there may be a second TIFU in which I gripe about not posting this from my main account. Thank you for all the gold and silver and platinum, readers. I appreciate you!! I’m not feeling quite alright, so my father miiiiight be driving me to the hospital. I’m sure I’m fine but it’s better safe than sorry!!

Final update: I went to my primary care doctor. It’s not IBS, but apparently I am very much lactose intolerant. Makes sense now./n 

This happened today morning and I am still thinking how to process it. This is gonna be a long rant.

I have another account that I use professionally so this is a throwaway.

Going for a stressful period in life and so I often hang out with my cousin and we too are really close in a sibling way. So, coming to today I live in 2 rooms on the first floor - an old room where everything from my previous flat is stocked and is more of a store room and the other is where I work and live 24x7. I woke up early to try clean my old store room and was rummaging through some old dvds and stuff.Also made double sure I had the condoms hidden away in a box and whilst doing so, a client who had been avoiding paying me called - I dropped everything and got into the call which ended with me throwing away my phone and the tempered glass cracks. No worries, I got another one- meanwhile cousin was laughing away hysterically at me. I was trying to get the new temper on and realized I need to wipe it, given how lazy I am I asked her to go get some wet wipes from the other room and told her which box had it. She went and disappeared for nearly half an hour. Given, how absent minded she can be I did not think anything of it and kept the phone aside for now.

Later, she comes to the room with a very serious look, somewhat teary eyes and asked me if I really wanted this ? I said "Yes, I have been waiting forever for this" and I mimicked her serious tone just for kicks. Next thing I know she has jumped on top of me and is kissing me - not the brotherly kiss btw and I sat there all frozen and for some reason I did not move a muscle to throw her off me. I just froze. she starts stripping and i said something like why/how...its a bit foggy there. She says see saw the strawberry condoms, the adele dvd and the old box had this Pretty please designed on it. strawberry is her favourite and adele is her weakness. So, my poor cousin struggled with the moral dilemma for a good 30 minutes before coming to me to ask me and I stupidly said yes. I put the condoms instead of the wet wipes (both have some bluish covers) That stupid adele album is here favourite.

Thankfully, before she could disrobe and this went any further, we heard my mother shouting from below that lunch is ready. I quickly made my exit without blinking for a second and had my lunch without choking myself. Mom dragged my cousin to the market for some shopping and my cousin told me with great sadness in her voice "I am there for you"

I am writing this now knowing I might have messed up my relationship with her forever.

I know I will tell her the truth when she comes back but such a series of coincidences is too hard to be believed

TL;DR : Sent cousin to get wet wipes, had mixed up old stuff earlier, gave her all the signals that I wanted to hookup with her and she agreed. Kill me now someone pls./nThis happened around 2010 when I was roughly 24 years old. I still lived at home with my Mom who always had a sweet tooth. Now, by this time she was suffering from some early onset dementia and did not work, so she had a lot of time on her hands. She liked to call customer service numbers and give them a hard time about little things for some human interaction, in my opinion. She had been calling Nabisco several times about her opening brand new Oreo packages and finding the center row of the tray  almost completely devoid of Oreos. I knew this because she had mentioned it and would leave notes from her phone calls around. I rolled my eyes as I was used to her being a little nutty. According to her, it kept happening and she began taking photos of the Oreos each time it happened to try to prove to Nabisco that she wasn't making this up. I assumed she was eating them and forgetting.  One day, I'm in the kitchen and I open up a brand new package of Oreos and grab several from the center row.  As I start walking away, it hit finally hit me! She didn't realize that Oreo had updated their packaging to having the Easy Open Pull Tab on the top! She was still opening the side of the package and sliding the tray out. I was the Oreo thief the whole time and didn't know it! We had a good laugh over it. My Mom died shortly thereafter in January 2012 and my sister bought me an Oreo Christmas ornament. I smile as I recall the Oreo Incident when I decorate my tree each year. 

TL;DR - I was using the new Easy Open Pull Tab on the top of Oreo packages while my mom was still opening the package from the side and sliding the tray out which led to her thinking Nabisco was shorting us Oreos./nA friend knocked on my door today. I don't know him too well, he's the father of one of my son's friends. He seemed quite urgent, so I let him in. He asked if I had a scanner, as he needed something scanned and emailed to him straight away. I sure did!

I invited him into my office. Placed the first page into the scanner. Sat down. Opened my graphics software, and declared "It's easy! Watch!".

Unfortunately the software displayed the last image I was working on; a close-up of my erect penis.

It was a decent photo actually. Great lighting. Good composition. A nice angle, too! I don't HAVE many of those pics, I just took one recently as someone asked for it, and uncharacteristically, I felt like obliging.

Two thoughts went through my head;

1. CLOSE IT (which I did)
2. Will he think I've been checking out dick pics, and that I'm gay?!

Now, #2 is not an issue. I am not, and I don't care if anyone thinks I am. However... recently he's been inviting me to a lot of kids' events, and asking questions like "are you dating?", "what do you think of Helen?" (name changed for privacy reasons). So I've been wondering if HE is that way inclined, and perhaps had his eyes on me....

So... I then compounded things.

To stop him thinking that I'd been looking a close-up pics of other men's penises.. I confidently said "That was me!".

He looked around, said "I think someone called me", and left.

&#x200B;

EDIT: There have been a lot of questions! So here are some clarifications;

1. I didn't scan my penis. I scanned his paper documents.
2. I took the photo of myself with a DSLR+tripod
3. The photo editing I did on the photo of myself was limited to cropping (removing background stuff) and resizing the image itself (from \~4000px to \~2000px).
4. All 3 people mentioned in this story are single. We all live in the same townhouse complex.
5. The software I use (paint.net) is used both for the editing (cropping, resize) and for acquiring images from my flatbad scanner
6. No, unless we have a pre-existing relationship, you can't see the photo. Thanks for asking, though!
7. This happened at my home office. 

TL;DR accidentally showed a neighbour a close-up photo of my erect penis, then proudly said "that was me!"/nMy husband and I adopted my parent's parrot this spring after my dad passed away and my mom moved into assisted living. We got a backpack carrier for him last month so we can visit and my mom can still see him (the parrot, not my dad).

Since we have the backpack, we decided to take him for nature walks instead of always keeping him in the house. For now we're putting the backpack in a baby stroller so it's less of a jarring bumpy ride until he gets used to standing on a moving perch. It's got screen mesh on three sides so he can see out, but it's a little hard to see into his pack from more than a foot or two away. It just looks like we're pushing a stroller with a large backpack in it.

So yesterday we went on our first walk in a local park. The bird's quiet, or calmly chirping, or occasionally saying "Hello, youuuuuuu" and we respond back in kind, a call and response thing he likes.

The park's mostly deserted - until the local high school track team runs by for their after-school practice run through the park. A bunch of teenage boys, shirtless. And one lags behind. As the lone boy, maybe 15 years old, runs past us, the bird calls out the loudest wolf whistle ever. And my husband and I burst out laughing, as the boy runs away from us faster.

Edit because of photo requests: 
[Bongo in his backpack](https://i.imgur.com/Ju2VLVI.jpg)

[parrot in stroller](https://i.imgur.com/egNdLN2.jpg)

Edit 2: a few people are asking about the backpack. The one I have is a "pak-o-bird" from celltei.

Edit 3: I stopped by the high school front office, with the parrot in the backpack as proof, and dropped off this letter: 

May 7, 2019

An open letter of apology to the track coach and team at Stevenson High,

Yesterday I went for a walk in the woods at Dodge Park when members of what I believe were your track team went running by me. One of the team members was lagging behind, and I inappropriately chose that moment to let out the loudest wolf whistle possible.

At the time I was sitting in my backpack carrier in a stroller, being pushed by my owners. They broke out in loud laughter. The person I whistled at probably didn’t see me and thought my owners whistled at me to sexually harass me, and then were laughing loudly about it because they were jerks. That’s not what happened, and while they didn’t need to laugh, the whole incident was entirely my fault. I was acting inappropriately.

Sincerely,

Bongo, a poorly behaved parrot who needs to learn boundaries.



TL;DR: Our hidden parrot sexually harassed a young shirtless boy and made my husband and I look like pedophile bullying assholes./nMy roommate and I are pretty close and have an open policy about going into each others' "bedside drawers" (need condoms, lube, etc.) As far as I know, neither of us has used this liberty until now. My roommate is out of town for a few weeks for a marathon and vacation and I am kind of lazy when it comes to certain things. 

Due to improper planning, I ran out of personal lubricant so I took a visit to my roommate's drawer to see if he had some. He did, as well as some other things. One of those things was what I can only describe as a [triple cock-ring] (https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/3178JrK6a1L._SY355_.jpg) contraption.
For context, my roommate is a 6'2 black guy and I'm a 5'10 ginger. Naturally, I assumed that, if anything, this device would be too big for me. I was woefully wrong.

I was in the mood so I didn't think through the possible consequences of placing my most precious parts in this stainless steel death trap. Almost immediately after wriggling my naughty bits into this thing, I realized my horrible mistake. 

Within 30 seconds, my twig and berries transformed into a grotesque set of eggplant and plums. As with any bad situation, I figured my best way out was to power through. I took the aforementioned lube and went to town.

After what felt like a lifetime, I began to approach climax. For my trouble, I was hoping for an intensely pleasurable orgasm. Again, I was wrong. 

Instead of a powerful release, I was met with an intense pain in my perineum and nothing came out. This thing was so tight that there was NO ejaculate. I freaked out.

I figured once I got this nonsense torture device off my situation, things would resolve themselves but again, I was wrong.

The caricature emoji that was my junk, remained fully engorged.
I continued to freak out. I didn't want to go to the ER and have some firefighter saw this horrifying mistake off my adult parts, so I did the next logical thing. 

I filled a bowl with ice and water, dunked my bits and hoped for salvation. After 15 minutes, the swelling subsided to the point that I could manipulate the affected area out of the contraption.
After another 20 minutes of icing my genitals, I went to relieve myself and proceeded to pass, what I assumed to be, a frothy mixture of man milk and urine.

2/10 Do not try.

TL;DR: Use a flexible cock ring, and don't be racist/nSo today I woke up at 5 a.m. (about an hour ago). I open reddit before I start getting ready for work. I notice a TIFU [post. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c4i94n/tifu_by_explaining_my_synesthesia_to_my_boyfriend/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app) It has a lot of upvotes, so I figure it must be a good one.  

As I’m reading through the post and comments, I realize that have never been able to visualize something or someone. I only see black.  I did not realize that this is not normal. Apparently it’s called aphantasia and it’s relatively rare. Most people see clear images and colors when they’re visualizing something. I’m 22 and did not know this was a thing until I read that post.  I’ve been trying to test myself for the last hour to see if I can “picture” anything. Turns out I can’t. So now I’m sitting here having an existential crisis about all the things I’ll never be able to “see” again.  

TL;DR I read a reddit post and discovered I have aphantasia.


EDIT: a lot of people are asking if I can dream or not.  The answer is sort of.  I do have dreams occasionally and supplements (melatonin/other sleep pills) sometimes make them more vivid, but I don’t recall them at all. The only time I know I have dreamt is when it’s a shocking/scary/exciting dream. I feel something after I wake up, I just can’t recall a damn thing that happened. Sometimes I can remember the premise of the dream, like if it was me working or traveling somewhere, just can’t “see” what I saw when I dreamt.  I think I dream maybe once or twice a month.

EDIT 2:  I understand the difference between visualizing and actually seeing something. *seeing* is just the best word I have to describe what I can’t do in my head.  From memory, I can tell you what something looks like. I just can’t *see* it in my minds eye.   

While reading a book, the descriptions do nothing for me.  I read for the plot./nBrief summary:

I was recently prescribed an amphetamine medication. I took some and expected the typical described results. What I did not expect was to experience a sharply increased sex drive coupled with an unfortunate effect of impotence - however this would not deter me from my goal of achieving sweet release. I was on a mission to give my brain what it wanted, apparently at any cost, and my rocksteady mental fortitude was nothing short of a fully loaded freight train without brakes.  

Ten minutes of sweet loving turned into half an hour in the blink of an eye. Confused, yet dedicated, I proceeded onward. The next glance at the clock revealed that three hours had gone by. "How could this be happening?", I thought, but I was far too invested at this point to give up. The next three hours went by as quickly and autonomously as the last, but after a total of six hours, the deed was done, and the ensuing moment of clarity was a grim moment indeed as I considered the consequences of my actions.  

My little man has receded mostly into my body and is now simply a swollen nub which stands stoutly as a monument to man's arrogance. Also, the entire member feels harshly chafed and my entire pelvic region is sore. I'm not looking forward to the next 24 hours.  

**AFTERMATH: WARNING NSFW(no blood)**

[Album of what once resembled a fairly normal penis.](http://imgur.com/a/msz2i)

I'm anticipating a few questions so I will address them here:

* Were you ever erect?
     * I achieved at most half-chub intermittently for less than 50% of the entire session.
* Did you finish? 
     * Yes
* Was it worth it?
     * Absolutely not
* Did you use any lube?
     * No
* Does it hurt?
     * Terribly
* Why did you do it?
     * Because apparently I have no self respect.

TL;DR: Got high and beat my dick like it owed me money for six consecutive hours - excruciating pain and shame ensued./nI was using a Bluetooth adapter in my car to be safe and not use my phone while driving. I asked Siri to play a song called “make me wanna die” and to my surprise, instead of playing the song she said something along the lines of “ if you’re feeling depressed the suicide hotline can help you, would you like me to call?” I screamed “ NO DO NOT DO THAT” soooo of course she did anyway. I didn’t want to hang up because idk what happens if you hang up on the suicide hotline? So some lady who had much more important stuff to do answered and I low key yelled “IMFINESIRIGOTCONFUSEDIMSOSORRY” based on her reaction it wasn’t he first time it’d happened but I was still totally mortified. 

tldr: I asked Siri to play a song and she called the suicide hotline instead/n 

So like every other post this didn't happen today and this story will be kept as vague as possible while still telling the story because I don't want people to find out who i am lol..

In order to understand why this all happened I have to explain that I was in high school and was dating a girl we will call Samantha, well when I started dating Samantha I was friends with her sister Joselyn beforehand and it turns out that Joselyn had a thing for me that I was oblivious to. Anyways I thought she had gotten over it as me and Samantha had been dating for over 2 years already and there never seemed to be any sort of bad blood between the three of us. This is where the fuck up happened.. One day in school my girlfriend and I decided to skip class and were walking in the halls when we saw that a teacher had left their room open (Without going too much into detail this teacher had the biggest room due to the type of class they taught.) so we decided to go in there to skip class and being horny teenagers we started doing more than just talking and hanging out... After that Samantha decides to tell Joselyn what we did because it was super crazy and full of adrenaline... This is how I found out that Joselyn was still holding resentment after all this time. She told her parents about what Samantha and I did in that classroom and her parents called the school which lead to an investigation on the teacher to see if he was leaving his door unlocked on purpose to allow the students to go in there and do as they please, the whole investigation put a strain on an already weak marriage the teacher was in which lead to a divorce and the teacher was found "At fault" for not locking his door and condoning this behavior so he was forced to resign and basically the teacher wont be allowed to teach again in our district.. the teacher is now working at a local grocery store baking cookies and basically I will always remember this shit as I feel AWFUL and dont know what to do or fix it.

TL;DR - Had sex in a teachers classroom which lead to the teacher having a divorce, and being forced to resign.

&#x200B;

P.S formatting is trash because I wrote this on phone sorry.

&#x200B;/nThrowaway for obvious reasons.

Holy fuck I can't believe i'm writing this.

To give you some context, my mom used to be an adult actress. She has been pretty open about it in the past, and my family doesn’t really judge her for it. She stopped about 5 years ago after she got pregnant with my sister and hasn’t looked back.

Today I was doing the five knuckle shuffle to one of those compilations (I don’t want to be judged, so I won’t say any more). You can probably see where this is going. Just as I was about to bust a nut, it cut to an old video of my mom. I could definitely tell it was her because she looked directly at the camera for a second, but the machine was already in motion. I tried everything I could but it was too late.

Later on I went downstairs to watch TV and I couldn’t even look at my mom. This is definitely gonna be an awkward few months. One thing’s for sure, from now on I think I’ll just use my imagination.

TL;DR I accidentally ejaculated to an old clip of my mom when she used to do porn. Now I can’t even look at her./nThis happened about 45min ago. Some background info: my colleague, let's call her Karen, just got back from mat leave and apparently has been proactively emptying her jugs at lunch time using a breast pump.

So about an hour ago, I started fixing up my daily post-lunch cup of joe when I opened the staff fridge. To my horror there was no more dairy (typically myself and another colleague take turns  supplying cream/milk for the entire office because we're the heavy coffee drinkers). After shuffling around food for 30seconds or so, on the back shelf, I saw a bottle (not quite a baby bottle) filled with some kind of milk. Now I wasnt about to drink my coffee black like some kind of psychopath, so without any hesitation, I grabbed the bottle and loaded my coffee up. Despite the coffee tasting a hint more sweet, I thought nothing of it.

15min later, cue Karen going into the fridge and noticing her bottle has moved. Not just that, her superhuman attention to detail has noticed the bottle isnt as full as before and proceeds to go on a witch hunt around the office, yelling "who the fuck drank my breast milk???".

TL;DR unknowingly added my colleagues breast milk to my afternoon cup of Joe and am now hiding in shame as my colleague is on a witch hunt to find the culprit.

Edit: a word
Edit2: Thank you to whomever took my gold and silver virginity! Thank you kindly to those who didn't rip me apart! And for those that did... I hope you have a friggen amazing day!

Update: Holy shit this blew up. I'd just like to take a moment to defend myself a little. 1) We have a office rule of unless you label your food, its communal. I didnt think an unlabeled bottle of milk would be breast milk, this leads me to my second point... 2) I have another colleague who occasionally brings milk from home in a water bottle, so I didnt really think much of it. And 3) I've seen breast milk bottles before, this one was a little taller and didnt have any super apparent volume markings on the side so i didnt second guess anything (I'm 26M, not like I see a lot of breast feeding women/bottles anyway).

After reading how hard it can be to produce breast milk, I feel like absolute shit. /nThis is a throwaway for obvious reasons, even though this story takes place almost 15 years ago. 

I was new to having sexual relations with boys, as previously it was only ever my girlfriends who I explored with sexually before boys. So I didn’t have a whole lot to go on as I didn’t have regular internet access to view porn or search sexual questions. 

So anyway, my boyfriend and I are getting busy in his basement bedroom. I’m smart enough to be on the pill, and also we had both just gotten tested for STDs before starting to go further in our relationship. Because of these clean tests we decide to bareback the sexy times and he opt to pull out as well, just in case.

He aims and blows his load on my stomach. Except we can’t find it to clean it up.  We looked everywhere and could not find his little splat of spunk. Then we hear the front door unlock and open and the sound of his younger siblings and parents. We quickly get dressed, I spray myself with body spray (good old Calgon) and head upstairs to pretend like we didn’t just bang. 

I’ve only met his parents a couple times, and they are pretty easy going, especially as they let us sleep over in the same room. I have an uncommon female name and I’m often misnamed. So she reaches in for a hug and doesn’t bother with my name, and then points out that I have a wet spot on my T-shirt. 

I have always had large enough breasts that I cannot see my tummy by just looking down. I have to lift my shirt. Well stupid me forgets the fiasco moments ago and I lift my shirt slightly to investigate this wet spot. Shining in the afternoon sun, is a long snot like string of jizz attached to my shirt from within my belly button.  His mum gives me this look and says I must have dropped my hair product or something and leaves it at that. I think I’ve gotten away with it. 

After dinner sometime as we are putting away dishes, she takes me aside and hands me a WAD of condoms. Not a word is said, just a handful of condoms. 

Now I occasionally see her walking in the mall and make awkward eye contact with her and she gives a weird smile. I know the only thing she thinks when she sees me is “bellybutton full of cum”


TLDR: boyfriend pulled out and lost his load somewhere, but don’t worry, his mum found it for me. 

Edit: front page and RIP inbox. I just woke up so I’ll find a ruler for the belly button picture. 

https://imgur.com/a/K1VsTZe  said picture. Some of y’all seem to think that’s 4 inches. That is 4cm. /nThis happened 2 hours ago.

I was emailing a .txt containing the latest installment of my fanfiction to myself because I'd written it on my laptop and I wanted to edit it on my desktop.

But I typed in my work email by accident. It's extremely similar to my personal email, but my work email automatically forwards every incoming message to everyone in my department. Didn't even think about it.

I've never actually gotten physically sick because of a mistake before. The panic has died down a little. I've begun to accept that this is my life now.

It's not even tame porn you guys.

I'm going to resign tomorrow, early in the morning, by means of a letter; leave my keys to the building in the envelope; and go back to get a different degree. I've been thinking about doing it for a while. Guess I don't really have a choice now.

**TL;DR:** Sent a chapter of my Harry Potter porn to my coworkers earlier today. Going to resign in disgrace tomorrow.

---

**EDIT:** Thank you guys for all the advice and reassurance you've offered. You have no idea how much I needed it. I feel a little more human now, but this thread has gotten away from me. 

I still plan on resigning. I liked my job, but my boss will hear about this one way or another and as much as I appreciate all of the lies you've suggested, I honestly can't lie to her. I'm a shitty shitty liar and she's a very sharp woman. I won't get fired, she'd never pay unemployment as long as she lived, but I can't hope to move up in this particular company after something like this, and my life could get very difficult where I'm at.

I intend to go back to school. It's what I've been wanting to do for a long time, but I never had the courage to move forward with it. Fortunately the nearby college has a good nursing program and I'm taking steps to register for Fall.

Now if you'll excuse me I'm going to go lie in bed and stare at the ceiling.

---

**LAST EDIT:** I know there might be at most 3 people who see this but I felt the need to update. It's very anticlimactic.

I calmed down before going into work Monday and decided not to resign right off the bat. I just walked in like everything was normal and tried not to look at anyone. I sent out an email stating that my personal account had been compromised, and to please delete any messages from my personal account, as they may contain viruses. I felt like a dumbass trying to lie, but nobody approached me or acted strangely all day. My boss didn't even speak to me.

These last few days have been the same. Maybe they read it, maybe they didn't, I have no clue. My guess is "no" but that might just be wishful thinking. Either way, my life is going on somehow - but I'm definitely never going to email myself porn again.

And for those of you who were curious, it was a HG x LM fic set 5 years after the last book, so no, there was no cp or any other kind of nonsense going on, just regular ol sex between adults, although one is much older than the other. So don't worry. The children are safe./nObligatory this happened 2 weeks ago

&#x200B;

I had been dieseling through a handle of cheap vodka every other day for over a year. I've never been much of a drinker, but several traumatic events had transpired in a very short amount of time, so I began drinking more to help me cope. I would never consider drinking during the day or before work, but it helped me get through the day. Mixed drinks slowly gave way to straight shots of vodka. I would wake up at 7 am, feed the cat and take several shots. This continued well into the evening until I passed out on the couch or my bed. I started working at a local department store and the schedule was perfect as I didn't have to be in till1pm so I could wake up early, take several shots and sleep on the couch till noon then get ready for work; taking a couple of swigs on my way out the door. I'd get home around 10 pm and drink until I passed out.

This past February is when the shakes started, usually near the end of my shift. I'd get home, have a few shots and everything would be fine. What was disturbing was my memory loss. I was repeating stories, unsure of what day is was and I even forgot to pick up my nephew from school. Dusk and Dawn were the worst, it took me a few minutes to figure out if was day or night. I knew something had to change. Two Saturdays ago I bought a handle in the afternoon and it was gone by Sunday evening. I woke up Monday morning feeling awful. I was shaking, queasy and terribly off balance, but I didn't drink. By the afternoon I was feeling better and I figured I would get through this. I went to visit my sister and was having a glass of wine and a cigarette out on her back porch when I began to vomit all over her back deck. It was then that the shakes returned with a vengeance.

I went home and crashed on the couch. I woke up around 5 am and spent 20 minutes dry-heaving in the bathroom. I tried drinking water, but my hands were shaking so bad that it took both of them to steady the glass. I went back to the couch and drifted in and out of sleep for the majority of the morning. Sometime after noon, I went to get my cat some water, but my hand began to convulse uncontrollably. I tried to steady it with my other hand, but I spilled water everywhere; that was the last thing I remembered. I was laying on my stomach on the living room floor when I noticed a Police Officer standing over me. I had no idea where I was or what had happened. I tried to get to my feet but collapsed onto the couch. My coffee table had been completely turned upside down and its contents were strewn all about the room. My mouth was in so much pain and I saw chunks of blood on the floor where I had been laying. The Officer helped me get my shoes and coat on and assisted me out into the hall.

There were 2 more Officers waiting outside and the helped me down the stairs to an ambulance. The paramedics were asking me questions, but I couldn't answer their questions. once in the Emergency Room, the Doctors and Nurses bombarded me with questions that I could barely answer. My main concern was the throbbing inside my mouth. One of the nurses explained to me that I had chewed off part of my tongue as that was one of the effects of having a seizure. I was admitted later in the evening and that was my sister and nephew came to see me. I could tell by the look in her eyes I was in very bad shape.

I was hooked up to several different machines with IV tubes in both arms and a blood pressure cuff that sat snuggly on my left bicep that inflated every 15 minutes; I was on the brink of complete coronary failure. Over the next 3 days and nights I was a prisoner to my bed. There were sensors that would trigger an alarm if my legs went to far over the bed, if I tried to sit up it would set them off as well. If had to pee, they brought me a plastic jug and I had piss in the bed with an audience. Every 30 minutes the blood pressure guff would inflate and take a reading followed by a nurse coming in and injecting medicine into my IVs. The worst part was I couldn't eat and barely drink because of the pain in my tongue. My speech was incomprehensible as my tongue was so swollen. Everyday my sister came to visit and told me she had gone to my apartment to check on my cat and make sure everything was locked up; she even cleaned up the chunks of tongue off the floor.

By Friday afternoon I was stable enough to go home, but with strict limitations. No driving, no strenuous tasks and lots of medication. This past Friday I finally started eating solid food again; after 2 weeks of pureed food it was like heaven to eat a chicken salad sandwich. Everyday I get a little stronger and feel a lot better. I still have trouble with my memory, but I think its good that I don't remember too much about the last year. I spoke to my neighbor; the one who called 911. He told me he had heard me fall and came banging on my door. When I didn't answer he went around to my back door and saw me laying on the floor. He said I looked at him and my face was covered in blood, that was when he called 911. I gave him a hug and he checks in on me daily. My tongue will never heal, but it's a small price to pay to remind me never do that again.

&#x200B;

TL;DR TIFU by attempting to detox, I suffered a seizure and chewed through my tongue. If my neighbor hadn't been home to hear me fall, I would've died.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nI want to start off with saying that AMBIEN is the strongest drug/hallucinogen i've ever tried and you should not fuck with it.

anyways, one night i just couldnt sleep, so i decided to take 4 10mg ambiens (im an idiot) and I had an engagement ring in my drawer than i traded for some other jewelery because i buy and sell stuff on craigslist. anyways, long story short i woke up and she was wearing the ring on her finger and had explained what had happened and i was just shook because i couldnt remember shit. I go on my facebook and apparently my ambien drugged brain changed my relationship status to engaged and it got 150+likes before i fuckin saw it. I had not planned on being engaged with my girlfriend for another year and a half and probably wouldve gotten her a better ring but ambien sped up the process ten folds.

Warning: if its 3am, and you can't sleep ,DO NOT TAKE AMBIEN.

TL;DR - Took ambien because I couldnt sleep and ended up proposing to my girlfriend that night.

edit: Read the comments and I really appreciate the health concerns.  So much so that I'm never going to take them again and look for an alternative option for my insomnia. You guys are the best Tbh

edit2: apparently taking ONE of these a day is worse on your body than smoking A PACK A DAY. DEFINITELY NOT TOUCHING THEM AGAIN./nThis happened on Friday, and I'm just now able to relive it without experiencing Tourette-like outbursts of random noises and profanity from my extreme discomfort from the embarrassment.

I'm sitting on the toilet in the downstairs bathroom (which is right by the front door of our house), I have the door mostly closed, but it's not latched. Doorbell rings, my wife answers it, it's her friend Jen. Jen comes in the house. I should mention that Jen is a friend/neighbor we've known for just under a year and I don't really know her that well, which, for me, makes this worse.

I'm just finishing up, getting ready to wipe. I pull on the first piece of toilet paper, and as the toilet paper unrolls this big, and very fast spider comes running from behind the roll, brushing against my hand. Instinctively, I jump up and away from this spider, as I do this, the door to the bathroom opens, there's Jen, we both scream, me because my fight or flight (in this case flight) response automatically kicks in from my lizard brain thinking I'm getting attacked by this spider, and Jen seeing her friend's husband with his pants and underwear down between his legs leaping toward her screaming.

A lot of apologies and light uncomfortable laughter afterwards, and I haven't slept well since.

TL;DR: TIFU by exposing myself to my wife's friend when I jumped from a spider while sitting on the toilet, right when my wife's friend walked into the bathroom.

EDIT: Wow, my first silver and first gold! Thanks!! I had to stop reading these for awhile today, I tend to keep replaying embarrassing things over and over my random noise Tourettes started acting up. Tonight is definitely an Ambien night./nLet’s start off by saying I’m a single dad and my son is in kindergarten. His teacher sent out a message yesterday that said “Tomorrow for Pi day we have a parent bringing in a snack.” I had only glanced at it. Ten minutes later, I got a message from my son’s mom asking if I have a matching set of Pjs for him to wear. I replied yes, and then never looked at the teacher’s email again.  

Fast forward to this morning, and I dress my boy in his favorite Pjs and take him to school. As I approach, I notice that no one else is wearing Pjs and my son is trotting around in bright red spider man pajama pants. So I get him to the door of the school, send him in, and immediately pull my phone out to look at the email. I had to read it twice before I noticed that it didn’t say “Pj Day” at all, but fucking “Pi Day!” 

So I sent an email to his teacher explaining the mix up and asked her to make him feel comfortable today. She said she glossed it over with the other kids and made it a non issue. Luckily, they are only 5-year-olds in kindergarten with little self awareness. 

So sorry, son! Here’s a little lesson on being different!!

TL;DR - Sent my son to school in his pajamas because I had misread “Pi Day” as “Pj Day” in a school email. His teacher made it a non issue in class and it didn’t scar my son for life, hopefully. 



UPDATE: His mom picked him up and said that he immediately asked to call me to let me know that today was not pajama day.  He said that his teacher let him slide because he had enough classroom points, but he knows that it wasn’t Pj day. Lol. His mom took part of the blame. Thank goodness he’s so young. This would not have worked out as well in first or second grade. 

Edit: Wow! My first gold and silver. Thanks everyone!! I’m glad you enjoyed my story. 

Edit 2: Sorry for my choice of wording. But let me clarify that there wasn’t any blame or consequence by the teacher.  I was self blaming, if anything. The teacher just used the classroom points as a hollow excuse to lighten any ridicule or confrontation from the other kids. I think she was just trying to bring it forward in a positive light and then get past it and move on. No blame or consequence. Just the teacher spreading sugar and me feeling like an ass. /nTIFU, and it actually happened today. I was driving with my 12 year old daughter. We got caught at a red light next to a restaurant. I glanced at the restaurant and saw a kid walking in the parking lot by himself. It looked like my daughter’s friend Gabe. I said to her, “is that...” and before I could even finish, she said yes. 

So I suggested we say hi to him. I rolled down my window and screamed “Gabe!” The kid turned around, and that’s when I realized it wasn’t Gabe. It was a younger boy, maybe 9 years old. 

So here’s the thing. This kid isn’t Gabe. God only knows if he’s even heard the name Gabe before. And it’s a busy intersection, so it’s noisy. 

The kid had such a puzzled and embarrassed look on his face, and he ran to his car. And that’s when I realized, this 9 year old kid thinks a middle aged woman just rolled down her car window, screamed “gay!!!” at him, and drove away. My daughter laughed her ass off at me. 

TL;DR: I called an elementary school kid gay while stopped at a red light.

Edited for a typo. The kid was walking. Not waking, not wanking. Just walking./nSo I'm Korean-Canadian but was born in Canada and have grown up here my entire life. I "speak" Korean but it's about at the level of a talented ten year old with a funny Canadian accent.

Fuck-up happened yesterday. I’m walking down the sidewalk and who I assume are a man and his daughter (who appears around my age) are puzzling in Korean over a directory sign. I ask (in Korean) if they need any help. The dad seems excited to meet someone who speaks Korean. The girl seems shy and doesn't say much besides "thanks." They’re looking for a nearby mall so I offer to walk them over there since the train station I need is nearby anyway.

The dad asks me where I learned to speak Korean so well. This is where the fuck-up begins. I'm pretty insecure about my spoken Korean, so when the dad asks where I learned the language, it sounds like he thinks it’s obvious I’m not “actually” Korean. It doesn’t help that his daughter is ridiculously pretty, and I want to impress her for some reason. So, I lie. Stupid idea. I say I’m actually Chinese and learned Korean on my spare time, changing my skills from “mediocre for a Korean person” to “impressive for a Chinese person.”

Alas, the dad immediately switches to Mandarin which I can’t speak a word of. This would have been the time to come clean. Instead, panicking at having been exposed, I do my best confused face and then pretend I misspoke and said the Korean word for “Chinese” (Jung-guk) when I in fact meant “Japanese” (Ilbon). Ha-ha, sorry, my Korean isn’t very good, right?

Of course, the daughter suddenly bursts into fluent and excited Japanese, which I also can’t speak a word of. I’m in too deep at this point and can’t tell them I’m Vietnamese or some other variety of Asian without making myself even more suspicious, so I do the only logical thing and say I am indeed Japanese but don’t actually speak Japanese (but learned Korean cuz lol I’m a traitor to my Japanese heritage).

We reach the mall and I’m all too happy to bail at this point, but the girl, who suddenly seems super interested in me, asks (now in practically perfect English – damn polyglots) what I do. I say I go to the local university. She excitedly tells me that she’s starting at the same university in September, and that she has just arrived in Canada from Korea. Her “dad” seems just as excited by this news and asks me to take care of her once school starts and he goes back to Korea.

It turns out that the girl is actually Japanese but went to some exchange program in Korea for a few years, and that the “dad” is actually her Chinese-born Korean teacher/ sponsor who accompanied her to Canada. So, not only did I pretend not to be Korean to two people who weren’t even Korean, but I pretended to be Chinese to a Chinese man and have now convinced a Japanese girl that I’m Japanese.

So I exchanged contact information with the girl and we’ve been talking a lot online since yesterday. Turns out she’s super nice and funny and interesting and accomplished. We have a ton in common too. We have the same major, and we’re the same age, though she’s three years behind me because of her exchange program. She seems super stoked to be friends with me since she doesn’t know anybody in Canada and has been talking to me a lot. I’m becoming increasingly aware that I can’t pretend to be Japanese forever to this girl and I need to tell her I’m actually Korean, but early on she asked me about my family and I went even deeper into the lie, telling her my parents are from Kyoto (picked a random city), etc. I've done fucked up, Reddit, and I feel terrible about it.

**TL;DR:** Am Korean, pretended to be Chinese to a Chinese man, then pretended to be Japanese to an awesome Japanese girl and am now her first friend in Canada (based on a dirty lie).


**EDIT:** OHHH FUCK I THINK SHE JUST ASKED ME OUT BUT I'M NOT SURE AND I HAVEN'T COME CLEAN YET HELP

**EDIT 2 (Night of the 2nd Day):** Thank you all for the sage advice. I have not yet perished of seppuku as some have feared, although it is increasingly seeming the most promising solution. I'm sure she'd oblige me and do the beheading part.
Anyway, I do think we're going on a date tomorrow and I thought I should come clean in person rather than over text. Will keep you all updated (unless I die). I haven't even been on a date in over two years so that's already blowing my mind, especially her asking me out. As some have pointed out, I am kinda concerned that she's only interested in me because she thinks I'm Japanese, but I think that's more to do with her being more comfortable in a foreign country (Canada) when her first friend is a fellow Japanese person. Maybe I'm terrible at social cues and she just wants to hang out as a friend. In any case, I'll explain it all to her tomorrow in the hopes of being a little less of an asshole (there's no solving that completely). Wish me luck in as many languages as you can, Reddit. Gamsahamnida.

Also: they don't use Reddit much in Japan and Korea, do they? I'd hate to be busted via a Reddit thread Q_Q

**EDIT 3 (Still Night of the 2nd Day)**: OH FUCK GUYS I FUCKED UP AGAIN. I was afraid she might stumble upon this post so I asked her if she has heard of Reddit cuz I'm a fucking idiot and she said no, much to my relief, but then she asked if she should check it out and I just realized this is going on the front page at this rate and she's gonna find it somebody order an airstrike on me why am I so stupid.

DON'T LIE, KIDS. LYING IS VERY VERY BAD.

**EDIT 4 (Still Night of the 2nd Day):** Okay I think crisis averted for now. She just went to sleep without any sign of having read this. I'm also going to attempt to sleep and hope I wake up Japanese. Will update. Sayonara, Reddit./nObviously this didn't happen today. I'm only now sort of over it so I decided to make a reddit post of it.

As the title suggests, I most definitely fucked up while trying to make my boyfriend live every man's dream (or so I thought).

It was like any weekday morning, my alarm rang at 6:30 to wake me up me in time to go to work. What was out of the ordinary about it was that I woke up a little before my alarm and couldn't get any sleep - so I decided to just begin my day and rolled over to look at my boyfriend.

His nose and forehead a little glowy from the good night's sleep, hair a perfect mess and bicep bulging from tucking his hand under the back of his neck, he looked really peaceful but also surprisingly sexy and that awoke the lady boner in me. I started to feel a little frisky and so I started to ponder the best way to wake him up.

I have to state that in the 1,5 years I've been with my boyfriend I've learned that he can be pretty cranky in the mornings. And I don't even mean like, before he gets his coffee he doesn't like to chit chat cranky, I mean like actually be pretty mean right when he wakes up and so usually I kinda just stay away from him until he's up and going. Somehow, now that I was in a horny state myself, I didn't really think twice of the morning crankyness, or at least I wasn't too concerned with it since I had come up with *the perfect way* to wake the love of my life up. I would give him the blow job of the century. And I would like to mention that he has previously stated it would be a nice surprise, which led me to think he wouldn't feel weird if he woke up to me actually doing it. I would never have done this if we hadn't talked about it beforehand.

So anyway I roll my way down the sheets, pull the cover off of him and sure thing, he was "pitching his morning tent". He hadn't woken up yet, so I carefully pulled his boxers down and started to do the deed.. only I was stopped maybe 3 seconds in by his knee that flew right at my right temple with force, almost knocking me unconscious and *definitely* shutting down all my thoughts about morning wham bamming.

After all the crying and running around for ice packs he told me it was super ticklish and that made him kick in reaction. He apologized but needless to say I will not be giving any surprise morning blow jobs any time soon, if ever.

TL;DR: Tried to be nice and wake my boyfriend up by giving him head, he was ticklish and kicked me in the face instead./nSo, I work in IT repair. PC, tablets, Mobile phones, that sort of thing. Which means, as anyone in the field can attest, means giving free tech support to family and friends. 

So about 2 weeks ago, I'm at my wife's parent's house, taking a look at their sick desktop in return for having my Father-in-Law service my car. (He's a mechanic)

Anyway, FiL comes back inside for a coffee break, and is asking me questions about how to sell stuff on eBay. I fire up a browser window, head to eBay and log into his account. My eyes immediately lock onto the fact in the "recently viewed" items are an assortment of horse riding crops.

My mind logs this as odd, somewhere in the back of my brain, and moves on with the tutorial, my Father-in-Law finishes his coffee and heads back out to my car.

I return to cleaning up his PC and scans, etc find a few things that are tied back to a bunch of BDSM / Fetish porn sites, spanking videos, etc.

Now normally, after a decade of dealing with people's PCs, I have a very "no judgements" stance with this sort of stuff. At least the eBay searches for riding crops make sense... 
But my mind chose that moment to remind me that my wife has (somewhat) recently revealed that she's kinda into that sort of thing. We recently had a "dirty weekend away", where she revealed that she had recently purchased an assortment of paddles, whips, restraints, and things that vibrate (Thanks Fifty Shades... I guess...?)
*Not complaining - lf it gets her off, I'll try just about anything at least once. *

And now, from that day forward, whenever things have gotten a little... spicy in the bedroom, there's a part of my brain that's thinking "Do you know that your parents are into this stuff too?" 🤔

(I'm sure my wife does NOT have any knowledge of this, and to learn of it would mortify her to the point that we'd never have sex again.)


TL:DR - Fixing my In-Law's PC, I discovered that they're into the same Kink as my wife... now wondering if my wife's sexual appetites are genetically inherited, or learnt subconsciously. /nThis happened today. My husband will probably find this and laugh, so if so, hey babe! 

Earlier today my husband and I began to fool around; I've had a somewhat upset stomach for the past few days but I thought I'd gotten past the worst of it. Evidently, I had not. 

As my husband and I got closer to finishing I felt a pressure in my bowels but decided to keep going because what was the worst that could happen? Once we finished I felt a sort of "pressure" by my butthole and went to feel only to stick my finger in poo. I had literally orgasmed so hard that I shit, and on my husbands balls too. All I could utter was a simple "oh no"

My husband immediately figured out what had happened and started laughing; I was a mixture of laughter and tears of embarrassment, but he just comforted me and was gleeful in that now he could claim he "actually fucked the shit out of [me]." I'm lucky to have someone who gives that little a shit (no pun intended). 

tl;dr: Had sex and pooped on my husband

*Update: I avoided this for 3 days to see if my husband found it. Though there are people claiming in the comments they're him, they are not lmao. Also, no, we're not getting divorced! He's still making jokes about it so I think we're good.*/nThis happened last night, not today, but still less than 24 hours ago.

So my husband LOVES birds, all kinds of birds.  He thinks they are great.  He is especially fond of ducks.  Last night while he was in the kitchen prepping a snack, I thought it would be fun to change the desktop photo on his laptop (he had left it open on the couch).  I found a cute duck picture, made it his desktop background, set the laptop back on the couch, and made my way innocently back to the kitchen table where I had also been having a snack.

My husband finishes his snack a little while later and heads back to the couch while I remain at the table. He pulls his computer towards him and goes, "OMG honey look!  Ducks!" As he stands up holding his laptop and tries to come to me, he trips and falls over the glass end table we have, shattering it. If that wasn't bad enough, he fell onto his macbook, smashing it completely open and crushing it.  If that also wasn't bad enough, he also broke his wrist because of how he fell on it since he was holding the laptop.  

I feel like a terrible person, but my husband still loves ducks.

TL;DR: My husband got so overexcited over a picture of ducks I procured that he broke himself, a table, and his macbook./nThis happened all of 45 minutes ago, and yes, it still hurts a bit.

To start, some context. I always take incredibly long showers due to me getting sidetracked by random things, such as spinning in circles in order to get an even distribution of hot water, trying to scratch that damn itch, and the fascination that is my penis.

Another thing to note is that I always take a comb with me to the shower as I find it helps "rub in" the shampoo, except this time, there was a new [comb](https://i.imgur.com/MdY4S21.jpg) that I hadn't seen before. 

Now that that is out of the way, let's get into the Fuck-Up. My shower started off as usual, rubbing a bar of soap absolutely everywhere while trying to use my fingernails to carve designs into the bar. After about five or so minutes of soaping, I moved to the hair process, which also went as planned. This is where I dun goofed. Upon seeing this new comb, I decided to use it, as it had finer teeth. After using said comb, I realised that it also had a ^^much sharper/thinner handle. 

>The following actions have been made by a fucking idiot, and is NSFW. Proceed with caution.

When I saw the handle, for some unknown reason, I built the thought process of "This handle is so thin, I bed I'd be able to stick it up my ass and not feel it." Was it sensible? No. Was there reasoning behind it? Nada. Was it a good idea? Absolutely not.

That thought was immediately followed up with "Why the hell not," which was then followed by a comb, of which I had never seen before, going into my ass. Now obviously, with nothing ever being in my ass before, there was a small brown patch on the end of the handle upon removal, and for some reason, I got the god awful idea that I should clean the inside of my ass. How, you ask? Stab the handle into a bar of fucking soap, of course. 

With the handle now soapy, I returned to my ass and was immediatly greeted with a slight stinging feeling. "Whatever, thats probably the soap cleaning away and is bound to only be temporary," I thought. I. Was. Wrong. The stinging only got worse once I pulled the comb out. I then spent the rest of my shower rubbing my ass in hopes to get rid of the feeling.

Fast forward to nearly an hour later and I am still feeling the consequenses of putting a hair product in my arse.

Over all, 1/10, would not penetrate again.

>TLDR: I stuck a soapy comb handle up my ass in hopes to clean it. Not a good idea.

>Edit: Too many people are reading about me using a comb to sodomize myself, go away!!

>Edit #2: My ass feels fine now. I've eaten a massive cheeseburger, however, so the visit to the bathroom later should be interesting.

>Edit #3: A lot of you seem to be concerned as to where the comb came from/whos it is, which is so be expected since I forgot to specify that I had bought it a few months ago and only today found it again. No, thankfully, it was no one else's hair product that became my booty stabber. 

>Edit #4: #Alright, who did it? Who guilded the booty stabber?

>Edit #5: It was the soap causing the pain (the pain lasted less than 90 minutes), not the comb. The *buttfuck retarded comb abuser lives to shit another day!

>**Also, the comb was mine, don't worry. I had bought it a few months ago because of the finer teeth and had forgotten about it until now.

>Edit #6: Yes, I have ADHD, and yes, it is treated. I am a happy, yet easily distracted curious Charlie!/nOne of my favorite things to do is go down on my wife. I have a talented tongue and I like to use it. Last night I decided to make that experience even more mind-blowing for my wife by grabbing the dildo and fucking her with it at the same time. Fun times were being had by all and things were getting very hot and very wet. Then my wife started to orgasm and my hand slipped and the dildo shot out of her vagina and directly into my right eye. I pulled away and she asked what was wrong. Not wanting to stop there I told her not to worry about it and I would tell her after. We finish and I go to the bathroom to rinse my face (and eye) and tell her what happened. We both are laughing hard at this but I tell her jokingly "your vagina just gave me pink eye!"

Well, today my eye was red, itchy, burning, and gross. I just left urgent care with drops for pink eye. My doctor thought it was hilarious and burned my ass on the way out saying "now go to the pharmacy for your vagina drops!"

I always thought my first lesbian sex injury would be a broken finger.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - While going down my wife the dildo popped out of her vagina and hit in the eye resulting in pink eye.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thank you for the upvotes, silver, gold, and kind words to most of you. I've answered some questions about positioning, cleanliness, etc in the comments. Sorry if you feel like this wasn't the right place to post this. I've had the account for a while, but just started really using it. Back to lurking!/nA few weeks ago, I was in my final class of semester, the night before the exam. 
I am a student paramedic, and the mental health of our cohort is very carefully monitored by the school, for obvious reasons. 

As the class ended, the tutor spoke to me to thank me for my effort during the semester, and to say she hoped to see my name on her class list. 
Jokingly, I responded, “They have a list for all the students that throw themselves off the church tower, right? Look for my name there!”
Most of us have a dark sense of humour in our field, and my tutor was no exception. She laughed with me, then frowned. 
“You know I have to report you for saying that..”
I thought she was joking, and laughed again.
The next day I was contacted by the university’s therapist offices to book my first mandatory session. 

TLDR: made a stupid joke, got stuck on suicide watch, required to do therapy this semester/nEdit #2: I can’t handle all the requests to see the photos, so [here](https://giphy.com/gifs/middle-finger-mister-rogers-fred-44Eq3Ab5LPYn6). They’re not anything special. 

Edit: Jesus Christ. 1) I admit I was dumb and fucked up, yo. Hence this sub. 2) The officer said he wouldn’t have gone if he had other things to do, so I didn’t exactly waste his time. He said it was unsafe for a stranger to have the compromising photos of me so he understood why I wanted them back. 3) A boudoir shoot is actually a pretty common thing. It is not “porn” and I can’t believe some of y’all are defending this creep. 

This happened a few months ago. Sold our entire bedroom set because we were getting a new one to a nice man in his 60s. He picked up, paid, and all was well. 

A few hours later he messaged me on Facebook asking if the pictures were of me. Holy shit, I’d forgotten to clean everything out of the nightstand, which still contained a boudoir photo shoot I’d given my husband for our wedding. 

Hella embarrassed, I explained what he’d found and that I would be willing to meet him to pick up the album. Except now he starts being a creepy asshole and sending wink faces and saying he wants to keep it. The back and forth angry messaging was doing no good. He stopped responding after I threatened to get the cops involved. 

So I call the cops and they say there’s not really anything they can do unless he starts actively harassing me; as I sold him the nightstand with the photos in it, they were technically his property. Eventually an officer went to his house as a courtesy to me and asked if he’d be willing to return the pictures, which he did. The officer drove to my place and returned them, saying the man was quite drunk and upset that I’d sent the police over. 

TL;DR: I sold a nightstand to an old drunk pervert with my semi-nudes still inside it and things got awkward. The police were called./nHappened yesterday at 2am. 

So my wife was pregnant. I work from home in internet marketing so don’t get out too too much, but she heard of a cool local tech conference and thought I should check it out. (Important detail to remember)

The conference was 2.5hrs away in a neighbouring city. 

Anyway.  She was 37 weeks pregnant (babies are typically cooked at 40), and has been feeling great so didn’t see any issue with me being gone one night. Like, what are the chances?

So me and a friend packed up and left for the conference at 1pm Thursday for the evening networking. 

Fast forward to 11pm, we’re having a beer before heading to bed after the networking is over, and I get a call from my wife:

“I think my water broke.”

“Umm.. what?!?”

We’re still 3 weeks early so I say no you’re probably not, go back to bed. Did some quick searches and Dr Google said that because she wasn’t having contractions, and she was otherwise feeling fine otherwise, it might just be pee from baby pressing on her bladder. No need to alarm. 

10 minutes later I get a text, “contractions started and they hurt like hell. Going to hospital now.”

She’s home alone and has no way to get to the hospital so is thinking of calling an ambulance, so my friend says his wife will go pick her up and take her. I tell my wife what’s going on and she agrees (she’s almost incoherent at this point and can’t talk or stand during contractions).

Meanwhile, we grab our shit and hit the road. 2.5 hours, we should be able to make it in time for the birth. Labors usually take 6-12 hours. No big deal. 

She gets to the hospital and they tell her that she’s fully dilated and baby’s already crowning. 

At this point they get her straight into a room (too late for an epidural), my friends wife gets me on FaceTime, and I watch in the passenger seat of a car via FaceTime my daughter being born in record time. 

Total time from water breaking to delivered child: 2.25 hours. 

I missed it by an hour. We get there and come cruising in and I got to meet my exhausted wife and beautiful baby daughter. 

So good news, I have a beautiful, healthy baby girl, bad news is I wasn’t physically there. But she can’t get me in trouble because she sent me to the conference! 

Tl;dr: wife sent me to a conference, didn’t think we’d have a baby that early, ended up having a baby that early and I missed it./nThis happened last night. My wife and I were settling down for the evening and sat down on the couch to watch TV while our 13-month old played on the floor. After a short time he apparently decided he wanted to cuddle up on the couch with us. He climbed up on the couch and crept up close to me with a smile and the lates his head down flat on my thigh. It was close to his bed time so I didn’t give it a second thought.

We were both really into the show we were watching when suddenly I felt a sharp pain on the top of my penis. I mean like a turtle had just reached out and latched on. I screamed in pain at first and looked down to realize my son had shifted his head slightly against the shorts I was wearing, and just chomped down. He may still be a baby but he has some sharp ass teeth.

I grabbed him to get him off and my wife didn’t understand what was happening. She thought I was just randomly in pain and trying to throw our son. It looked like that, well, because he wouldn’t freaking let go. I finally tugged him away and to the floor and he screamed crying as my wife went to console him and I got up and cupped a hand to my crotch and paced back and forth with a feeling I’d never felt before.

I walked outside to get away from the crying for a moment and stinging pain wasn’t stopping. After a few moments I returned inside and looked inside my pants to survey the damage. My penis was bleeding from the tip. He left a freaking indention with his teeth. Still hurts today every time anything brushes against it. I’ll be way more cautious going forward about where he’s laying his head. My wife later laughed and called him amazing birth control.

TL;DR Let my kid lay on my lap and found out how sharp his teeth are. Now I’ve got a cut and sore penis./nTechnically, my fuck up was last night. Let me start by saying, I rent a beautiful home in the country on 200 acres of land. I have a horse, dog, and 3 cats. My horse lives in a field in my backyard. 6 acres of beautiful grass, hills, a stream, and a huge 20x10ft stall, all properly fenced.

Last week, my horse bruised his foot and was limping. I decided to put up a temporary fence in my yard and keep my lame horse in my backyard where the ground is soft and the grass is greener. He could barely walk so there was really no concern over him escaping. He was beyond over joyed.

Yesterday, I had the ferrier come and fix his shoes as he was no longer limping. Here's where the fuck up  begins. I loved having my horse in the backyard. It was like having a giant dog hanging out with me. So I figured, what's the harm in one more night?

6 am, my phone is ringing. It's my landlord. There are 12 state trooper at my house trying to wrangle my horse who is leisurely strolling down the main road. He was fine, they had fun, my horse made friends with a super sweet lady trooper who was giggling the whole time she was walking him back home while he was nuzzling her face.

Not nearly the worst of fuck ups but I thought everyone might enjoy something that doesn't involve sex.

TLDR: Treated my horse like a dog for a week while he was injured, only to have him escape when he felt better, causing a closed road and a bunch of state troopers a fun morning playing cowboy.

Edit: Thank you for teaching me how to photo on reddit. Here are some pics of my ridiculous old man and the lovely property we live on. 

My Old Dude, Stan The Man https://imgur.com/gallery/zeS4gso

Edit 1: OH MY GOD! Thank you everyone for the gold and silver and all the lovely comments. I'm so glad I shared this. TIFU has been becoming a shit show lately and I just wanted to share some goodness with the community. Also, to those of you who think I need another horse, I promise you I don't. He's very happy with the peacock and chickens that live in his paddock. He doesn't have any issues with running or pacing. He wasn't out looking for a friend. A section of temporary fence fell down and he walked out my front yard./nObligatory - This actually did happen today.

My family and I live in the sun-blasted hellscape that is central Arizona, USA.  The whole area is a hot, dry desert, and if you live outside of the city (as we do) it's common to see relative humidity in the teens, and single digits are not uncommon.  For those who don't live somewhere that's anathema to life, that's very dry.  Since we aren't a family of kangaroo rats, we keep the air in our house comfortable with an evaporative humidifier.  Basically, a pump drips water on an absorbent pad, and a fan pulls air through that pad to blow out more humid air to the house.  It's one of the full household-sized jobs that will humidify your air with twelve gallons of water a day.

For various reasons not apropos to this TIFU, the humidifier hadn't been maintained well for the last few weeks.  Today I decided to change the filter and give it a good cleaning.  Possibly inspired by another recent TIFU, I also decided to attack the calcium buildup with a 1/3 vinegar solution.  While cleaning, though, I noticed a sliminess that made me think that there was bacterial growth.  "No big deal," thought I.  Eventually a biofilm will grow on something that's always wet, no matter what precautions you take.  I scrubbed off the biofilm, cleaned the calcium scale with my vinegar solution, and reassembled the unit.

Here's where the TIFU really starts.  Some parts of the mechanism aren't accessible - they are in the pump, water lines, etc.  I decided to run my vinegar solution though for a few minutes to dissolve some calcium deposits in places I couldn't reach.  "But," thought I, proving that too much thinking causes trouble, "there's probably bacteria in there, too."  I figured I should add something that would kill the bacteria and what, I figured, is better at that than bleach?

Right now, readers with some chemistry are thinking, "Uh, dude..." Yeah, I know.  Or, I should have known.  But I didn't think it through, so I poured some bleach into the humidifier, followed by the remains of my vinegar solution, and turned it on to pump the mixture into the water lines.  Almost immediately thereafter, I took a whiff and started coughing.  At that point the little voice that remembered my college chemistry finally was heard.  Turns out mixing a sodium hypochlorite solution (like, say, bleach) with a weak acid (like, say, vinegar) creates chlorine and chloramine gasses, both of which are very toxic - like, they have been used as actual chemical weapons toxic, and I'd just put them in a goddamn distribution system.

I immediately unplugged the humidifier and carried it to the bathroom, turned on the vent fan, and poured my ersatz chemical weapon down the bathtub drain.  Of course, the pouring process gave me another good snoot of the offending vapors.  So now the house is airing out, the wife, son, and dog are playing in the backyard for a bit, the wife is trying to mail back my engineering degree, and for the next few days I'll be coughing like I've got the black lung, Pa.

TL;DR - Tried to clean my humidifier, accidentally tried to kill my family trench warfare style.

EDIT - Words

EDIT 2 - Front page, neat.  It has been pointed out that there wouldn't be chloramine, just chlorine - I think this story shows that chemistry isn't my forte.  Finally, to those giving me shit for making sure to mention that I'm an engineer, I have to - if everyone doesn't know, I'm just some guy with a lot of student loan debt.  Can't have that.

EDIT 3 - Lot's of fake internet points AND my first gold!?  It's almost worth the war crime!  Thanks!/n[This guy](https://i.imgur.com/uU57bdj.jpg)
Usually Parsley is a **huge dildo cat**, always wanting food and pats, biting if he doesn't get what he wants, sitting on my face, **big dick energy** without the balls.

This morning when I woke up later than usual he was not up in my grill wanting food, weird but okay. He's sleeping curled up on the couch, when I say good morning he looks at me like - __- and gets up. Tries to jump of the couch, stumbles, lands **face first.**

I laugh he gets up and he starts walking weird, not limping just uncoordinated. Usually he's **pretty vocal** too especially when he's hungry but he was **completely quiet**, his sister smacked him and he barely even **reacted**

Now I'm **freaking out**, thinking he has a **blood clot or a brain tumor** or something. I book him in for an urgent appointment at the vet in half an hour.

I keep an eye on him while we wait, at one point he tried to scratch his ear with his back leg and **missed several times.** When he tried to loaf he was sort of **wibbling wobbling.** He didn't seem interested in food until I started feeding his sister, Shenanigans, but luckily he ate so I was feeling a bit better.

**At this point I'm crying thinking the motherfucker is gonna die on me like a bitch.**

We take him to the vet, he goes into his carrier calmly without incedent which is very unusual. Vet tests his legs, stretching them out and rotating, nothing there. He often gets abscesses from fights but nothing like that. Vet checks his gums and teeth, his gums are a bit pale which is an **indication of onion toxicity which is fatal**. We'd had nachos the night before which has a bean mix with onions. I tell them he might have gotten some from the pan since we didn't clean it up straight away. If the onion toxicity is bad enough he might **need a blood transfusion to save his life.**

He's also slightly overweight and middle aged which makes him **at risk for diabetes** which can cause nerve damage when left untreated. 

He's kept at the hospital for the rest of the day for observation and blood tests. Vet gives me **brochures on possible household toxins** that are harmful to cats. I go home in tears thinking my cat might be **dying** and blaming myself for not cleaning up the **freaking nachos** last night.

I read some of the brochures to calm down. I go through them thinking maybe he got to some lilies in a neighbours backyard or he licked bleach out of toilet. Then there was **the last entry.**

**Marijuana. Oh fucking shit fuck.**

Motherfucker I'd made some **super strong cannabutter** last night in prep for a Patrick swayze move night this weekend. That pot had a cup of butter and **a quarter ounce of hydro, simmering for 3 hours**. Parsley also **loves butter** and the smell of weed doesn't put him off. 

Parsley has always been **terrified of stoves** though, from when he touched it while it was on so he doesn't go near them while they're lit. I'd strained and refrigerated the cannabutter quickly after making it but I'd left the dirty pot in the sink over night. I decide to check it and

**that bitch is suspiciously clean.**

Parsley isnt fucking **dying** he's just high as a **god damn kite.**

I have to call the vet and tell them my suspicions. His blood test came back negative for anything scary. He'd had **6 serves of chicken** while at the vet and **napped** almost all day, played with some dogs and snuggled with some kittens. Motherfucker had a **great time. **


**TLDR I made dank cannabutter, left out the dirty pot in the sink overnight, stupid cat licked it clean and had a real good time on my dime. I should charge him for it. **

Edit 1: boy, this bold keyword thing is very contentious huh

Edit 2: can now confirm after making caramels that the cannabutter is strong

Edit 3: there were some people worried that I would be letting Parsley eat his fill in the future. I assure you I will not, I did say it was a fuck up after all

Edit 4: Shenanigans and various cat photos
[Shenanigans and parsley ](https://i.imgur.com/EkK0cb3.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/rtTRLWL.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/rtTRLWL.jpg)[Batcat](https://i.imgur.com/Ymm4Owg.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/S7A4WdO.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/S7A4WdO.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/XCW3vPS.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/XCW3vPS.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/MqbRzVQ.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/MqbRzVQ.jpg)

[https://i.imgur.com/EeM7G1u.jpg](https://i.imgur.com/EeM7G1u.jpg)/nMandatory this didn’t happen today, it happened Saturday night.

So me and my friends have a Saturday night poker game, and this time we decided to spice it up and play for money. We all brought in 100$ to  start. Now this is where I fucked up. I bought these new pair of aviators that I really liked and made me look really cool. So I decided to wear them to the game, which was inside. I hoped it would improve my poker face, which is lacking. It was also sunset, and the sun was hurting my eyes as I was facing the window. I proceed to have the worst game of my life. They knew exactly when to call my bluff and when to fold. It was like magic, I couldn’t get it. I went out super quickly. They continued playing until the end, and as we were leaving I told my friends “you guys have balls of steel!” My friends started laughing like crazy, and I asked them what gives. They said, “you know those glasses are reflective, right?” And I realize they could see every hand I had through my glasses. They laughed and handed me 50$ as compensation.

Tl;dr: don’t wear aviators to a poker game. You will lose a lot of money

EDIT: added some more details

EDIT 2.0: Super glad you guys found this story as funny as I did! For clarification, I was holding the cards in front of my chest and down to my stomach,  even sometimes I was leaning forward with my elbows on the table. It was easy for them to see them.

These guys are my best friends. They would bail me out in a minute. If I had asked, they would have given my money back. But because it was so funny, I let them keep it. I’m bad at betting anyway, and this was a special occasion (hence the high buy in)

Also mandatory RIP inbox. I’ll reply to as many comments as I can! 

EDIT 3.0: MAH MAN! Thanks for the gold! Guess this bambooz - I mean post worked! /s

EDIT 4.0: This is so sad. Can we hit 30k likes? /s/nPreface: 
*Not trolling for money, thanks* 


So I'm a semi-broke grad student and Lyft driver and this morning it was raining in my city. I ran into CVS to grab something and I was wearing an old coat with deep pockets (relevant to story). I also paid in cash which I never do as I rarely carry cash. So I walk out after buying my couple of items and see this older homeless man I often see in my neighborhood. I give him a dollar here or there some days when I can. He's in his wheelchair looking helpless and getting rained on so I figure, hey, even though I'm broke (as in my bills are insane and I make just enough atm to live and support my family) I can still give my coat because I have a few decent ones, I'm dry in my car today, this coat is older but in good shape and will keep him warm.... etc... so I give him the coat and he mumbles "thanks" and I smile and tell him to stay warm and off I go... later as I'm working I stop to grab gas and realize I put the $80 change from that morning into my coat pocket without thinking. I would never go ask for it back (obviously) but I had a moment of semi- panic before I accepted that I just gave this dude all that money. Best "screw up" ever, I suppose. I'll live. I have to be totally honest and say I was upset at first but I'll get over it and it did make me stop and realize that I should be grateful for my blessings this time of year, no matter how broke I FEEL.

Happy Holidays guy.

Edit: to whoever gave the gold... I'm so inexperienced with Reddit I had to look up what it even was. haha. Wow. Really didn't expect much response at all I'm honored. Thank you kindly./n So  my girlfriend has been working early mornings all week due to some  staff shortages, and even though we've been feeling frisky all week, we  haven't had the time. So, when Friday night rolls around, we're raring  to go.

Usually, our dog hates being near  us when we're rolling in the sheets (literally) because there's nowhere  for her to lie on the bed. So, her thing is that she curls up in her  doggie bed and waits for it all to blow over before coming back onto the  bed for cuddles.

Sparing everyone the  details, the foreplay's pretty good. Unfortunately, it's a little too  good, as for some reason our dog starts getting concerned and maybe  thinks that our sounds are distress calls or something. She hops on the  bed and starts licking my gf's face. It's cute, until she decides to  start to lick mine.

In a fit of "oh no I  can't let her lick my lips because then I can't kiss my girlfriend  anymore" madness, I reflexively back away... and knee my girlfriend's,  uh, nether regions in the process.

She  rolls over in pain, but she's cry laughing, and both of us just are lost  at how absurd this has been. Meanwhile, our dog, oblivious to it all,  is having the time of her life as my girlfriend is dying of pain and I try my best to comfort her.

Needless to say, I didn't get any last night. Will try again tonight, but I'll keep the dog in her crate as a precaution.

&#x200B;

TL;DR:  Our sex scared the dog, the dog scared me, I kneed my girlfriend in the  verguba, ruined the moment, and didn't get laid :(/nThis was actually a week ago, but the story starts before that.

For the last five years, I've had an ice cream tub full of sugar in my kitchen. I emptied it into the tub rather than have the bag spill sugar whenever I used it. I don't use sugar a lot, so I've never had to refill it, I just dip into it when I need it.

My girlfriend thinks this is weird, and she thought it was weirder still when I packed the box to move with me when we decided to move in together.

"Don't bring your weird five year old sugar tub, for fuck's sake."

"It's perfectly fine," said I. "Sugar doesn't go off." 

"It does," she said, wrongly.

"It doesn't and I'm not going to throw out totally useable sugar."

So the sugar tub resides in our baking cupboard now, as a tiny point of pride. I want to see how long it takes for the sugar to run out. Maybe it will outlive me, at which point it will be inherited by my beautiful, supportive, wrong girlfriend.

---o---

Fast forward to this past January. My dad dies suddenly and unexpectedly. He falls off the roof while fixing a skylight, a day before someone was coming to start work on repairing the entire roof - including the skylight. But that was my dad to his core. He didn't know how to stop. He single-handedly ran his business - selling boating equipment and fixing outboard engines - for 47 years, a minimum of six days a week, until the day he died.

I am not that person. I love stopping. I'm self-employed too, but I put the bare minimum in to survive and spend the rest of the time doing whatever I like. My dad couldn't have lived like that. We were very different people, and that made his passing all the more difficult because now we'd never get any closer - the slightly awkward, stilted conversations I'd had with him in life were now all we had. That was as close as we'd gotten.

Fast forward again to last week, early June. We're trying to sell his shop, but it's a tip. Sadly, a couple of weeks before he died he invested around £50k in restocking the shop, and so the back shop is full to the ceiling with empty cardboard boxes. And the secondary room, his workshop, is full of tools, spare parts, half-empty paint cans and half-finished engines that haven't been touched in at least a decade, very likely double or triple that.

I get to work. Breaking down the cardboard boxes doesn't take as long as I thought, and after lunch I start on the workshop. My dad specialised in Seagull engines, which are now collectible, so I'm sorting everything into Rubbish piles and This Might Be Worth Something piles.

Then, at the back of a jammed drawer, under some oily rags and a grimy toothbrush, I find an ice cream tub. I open it up, and it's half-full of sugar.

The best before date is from 1998. So he's had this box of sugar since I was 12 years old. Maybe longer. For his coffee I'm assuming.

I call my mum through from the front of the shop.

"Look," I say. "Dad had a box of sugar."

"Why would he have a box of sugar?"

*"Because its perfectly bloody normal, that's why."* I take a photo to send to my girlfriend, hoping my smugness will come across without needing to caption it.

"Won't it be out of date?"

"Guh, no."

She doesn't look convinced. I lick my finger and dip it into the sugar.

"Look," I say, "It's fine."

I put it in my mouth, and know immediately that it's not sugar. It's bitter, and it's bubbling, and fuck everything my tongue is burning. I run out of the workshop and take a swig of coke, swill it around my mouth and spit it into the street. I do that another half dozen times, but I've already burned my tongue very badly. One of my dad's friends comes from the end of the pier.

"Everything okay?" he asks.

"Yeah. Ugh. I just ate what I thought was sugar from an ice cream tub in the back. It wasn't sugar."

He laughs. "Why would your dad have had-"

"I DON'T KNOW."

He walks in and comes back with the tub. It's caustic soda, he says. For cleaning engines.

I now have chemical burns on my tongue. It's been a week, and they haven't healed. I can't eat or drink anything in the least bit hot or acidic. I told my girlfriend, and she didn't even laugh. Apparently having an ice cream tub full of sugar isn't normal.

**Tl;dr: My girlfriend makes fun of me for having a big tub of old sugar. I find a big tub of old sugar in my late father's workshop, and in a haze of validation taste it. It's a chemical cleaning agent.**

---o---

**Edit:** Thank you for all the kind words about my writing. I'm cleaning the flat today, so checking back here is a real boost. 

Dad used to give me shit occasionally for being uncomfortable plugging my work. So. If you like my writing style, and if you want to hear more, I have this piece about the Courtney Love / Kurt Cobain conspiracy theory which I'm really proud of. 

https://youtu.be/OPRDpg57M8o

You'll like it. /nTitle says it all. I met her through Tinder, the condom broke but she said not to worry because she's on the pill. Fast forward a week, where I see her for the second time, and she tells me that she's pregnant. Boring story, I know. Now for the fun part. I saw self harm scars on her arm, but only on the second night (she insisted on having the lights off on the first night). She then proceeded to tell me that those were from her two previous abortions, where she was so tortured about it that she had to do this. And that now she probably couldn't handle a third abortion and that anyways she actually knows how to kill herself this time. My heart fucking sank, man. She's now coming over and will be here in an hour, so that we could continue talking. We barely slept because we were talking about it and she says she's 70% sure she wants to keep the baby, but that she wouldn't ask any help from me, except seeing the baby once in a while. I can barely believe what I'm typing right now. I bought two early pregnancy tests, the expensive kind. I don't know what to do. Any advice?

​TL;DR I knocked up a girl on the first night seeing her, the crazy came out on the second night a week later with the news, and she's 70% sure she wants to keep it. Send help.

UPDATE: Holy shit I dodged the biggest fucking bullet ever, I feel like Bullet Bill just zipped passed my cranium.

So she got here and just acted all cool, asking about my day and stuff. She then went on to explain how she felt all bloated and preggo and I just couldn't believe the amount of bullshit coming out of her mouth. I cut her off and told her I didn't believe in the timing of things (I had looked it all up before she got here) and said that I needed actual proof.

Her being a nurse, she insisted that she had access to blood test that could detect HCG levels only four days after conception, which I knew was bullshit. She was so manipulative, she kept on saying that "she's in medical, so she just knows better". And I just kept bringing up the 11-14 days period of time after conception needed to take a relevant blood test.

In the end I just told her that she was a bad liar and that her manipulation attempts were in vain. So I told her to leave, now. She called a friend to pick her up and then just stared at me, smiled and said that she would wait there, in my living room. And then the show began.

She said, among other things, "Why would I ever lie about being pregnant, I'm 21!" "You should be ashamed of making me feel like a dirty slut!" "How could I even be pregnant from another guy, you're the only guy I've been with recently" "Oh, by the way, I already have a son, I know how these things work". Gems.

Her still being in my living room, I told her to leave or I'd call the cops. She smiled the sassiest smile at me, so I did. After some more back and forth she eventually went outside on the steps while saying how much of a white guy kind of thing I was doing by calling the cops (she is half carribean half european, but basically black).  I closed the door with an intentionally loud sigh. FIN

Anyways, thanks for the support everyone, it truly helped me.

​Update #2:(Album) [https://imgur.com/a/LNdqtsS](https://imgur.com/a/LNdqtsS)

Update #3: So I'm staying as far away as possible. Haven't had contact with her since theses texts. Now for timeline clarification; we met for the first time last Tuesday, and again Monday night. She said she wanted to get a hold of me during the weekend to tell me about it, which implies a test on Friday, not even 72 hours after "conception". She then changed her story saying she got the test on Sunday to try to make it more believable timewise I guess. She insisted that she's pregnant and that it's mine. So she basically announced all of that to me 6 days after we first met. When I asked for her to take the test for me she flat out refused, citing disrespect on my part. Oh and the last kicker? Right before leaving she said "That's why I shouldn't have told you, all guys react the same". Now please refer to me as Neo./nThis happened around 5 years ago when I was still in university. 

I was not the most forthcoming 5 years ago, I didn't know how to 'be' around women, let alone, god forbid, have sex with said women. 

As surprising as it may seem then, I was going through quite the 'dry spell' that year, and had resigned myself to studying instead and little else. 

However, as with all things in life, the moment you stop you looking is the moment you find it. 

I found myself back at this girl's house who was studying in the UK for that year. She was from Slovenia (somewhat unimportant detail other than those Brits who voted 'Leave' and now see me as part of the EU problem somehow) and absolutely gorgeous. I was punching way, way above my weight and thought I should relish every one of the seconds I knew I was going to enjoy with this girl. 

Again, unsurprisingly, I did not quite go the distance. I was however, in a state of absolute delirium - that post-orgasm 'fuzz' where everything in the world seems grand, and nothing could take that away.

Apart from me, of course. 

She, rightly so, tried to, y'know, get me going again, for my first attempt was so poor. 

However, in my state of delirium, and ultimately recovery, I was in no fit state to do so just yet. 

As she goes to sit atop of me, my brain goes into a strange autopilot. 

I gently push her to the side to stop her sitting down on me. Ok, that's bad enough, but it didn't stop there.

I, for entirely unknown reasons say the words 'That'll do pig, that'll do'. In exactly the same way as that immortal final line from the kid's movie called 'Babe' (about a pig, funnily enough). 

As it transpires, this movie was not a hit in Slovenia, and no amount of me pleading 'IT'S A KID'S MOVIE' at her seemed to help as she slowly got dressed and opened the door for me. 

TLDR: Ended a dry spell with a knockout girl, refused round two by calling her a farmyard animal.

Edit 1 - thanks for the Gold. You've taken my gold virginity, in fact. That'll do, pig, that'll do. 

Edit 2 - to all those all knowing sex gods on Reddit telling me that sex doesn't end at the male orgasm. Yeah, thanks guys, I know. I was in a state of bewilderment. I just needed a moment. I had plans. But then I fucked up. Hence why it's here on TIFU. Who woulda thought it or thunk it?/nHappened over the summer.

So, we're in the process of moving and I figure now is a good time to unload most of the stuff my wife and I have collected over the years- which is a lot considering we have children. Last weekend we had a pseudo-estate sale in which was staged in half of the house, driveway, and garage. Considering it was about 1,000 degree outside, I took the garage while my wife manned the inside post. Midway through the day, an elderly gentleman asked if he could you my bathroom- he explained he just took medicine and didn't think he'd be able to make it home. Now, my wife and I had serious rules about this- our answer was supposed to be NO BATHROOM for customers. However, I had to make a snap judgement call and this guy looked very well put together. I also thought that he just took a water pill that lots of old folks are on and he just needed to take a quick squirt and we'd all be fat, dumb, and happy. But I'm not a complete idiot. I told him he'd better check with The Boss upstairs because of the aforementioned agreement. He chuckled and understood and away he went. 10 minutes or so later, I see him leaving. I figured all is well.
A few minutes after that, my wife comes down to the driveway glaring at me. I assumed it was because I shirked the responsibility of telling this old guy no bathroom and made her look like the bad guy if she said "no". I couldn't be more wrong. Apparently this guy had a colostomy bag and it was chock full of shit. He tried to change it out in our bathroom and spilled the entire contents all over the floor and made no attempt to clean it up. He simply walked out of the bathroom and told my wife our dog must have had an accident. He. Blamed. My. Dog./nYes Reddit. Its here. For those just joining us, I must again apologise for this took place some time ago.

In my second last year of secondary school I was fortunate enough to participate in a volunteer program in East Africa over my summer holidays. The idea was we'd spend a month constructing new classrooms for a struggling school on the coast of Kenya, south of Mombasa and then work in a safari park (Shimba Hills IIRC) before crossing over to Tanzania for an actual safari in Ngorongoro Crater and then top it off with an ascent of Mt Kilimanjaro. This wasn't free by the way, I had signed up for it a year before and had participated in loads of fund raising events to make it happen.

We had two teachers accompany us on the trip, Mr F who was a no nonsense former Royal Marine Commando as well as Mr B who was an absolute legend. Mr F's girlfriend also joined us, she wasn't a teacher but she had first aid qualifications. 

Mr F utterly despised me and my friends who were, embarrassingly, the sk8r/st0ner contingent of the school, with long hair, band t's, the works. To him we were useless pinheads and he sent us on all the worst jobs on the construction site. Mr B was more interested in ordering in crates of Kilimanjaro beer and trading albums with me (AFI - Sing the Sorrow for NOFX - So Long and Thanks For All The Shoes was probably my favourite swap). I wont digress too much but giving a band of Masai Mara warriors my CD player later in the trip and watching them do their leaping dances to NOFX was awesome.

During our free time we had befriended the local villagers who enjoyed inviting us to their homes for food and trying to sell us trinkets, cigarettes and awful tasting home-brewed coconut wine. Eventually the most charismatic villager, a fisherman named Sayid stepped up to the plate and offered us some weed. We bought a stick off him for about $5 down in the mangroves thinking we'd smoke it later when the teachers were asleep but he insisted on rolling it up, pure, into a single huge spliff and we hopped in his little boat and he took us on a tour of the mangrove swamp.

"You like?" He said.
"Yeh its not bad, at home we smoke hash though, do you get it in Kenya too?" I replied. Remember this part, as everything that happened later is contingent on this verbal exchange.

During the boat ride I wasn't feeling much, but then it suddenly hit me as we went back to shore: pure brain melt, watery bloodshot eyes, insane paranoia. Then the bell rang summoning us back to the camp. I was not ready. We tried to join up with the rest of the group as inconspicuous as possible, but likely looking as conspicuous as hell. Over the course of lunch Mr F kept on giving us weird looks, feeding my paranoia even more. Eventually his GF came up to us and said something like "Boys, your eyes look a bit funny, what have you been up to?" Cold sweats.
"Its just hay-fever miss, the villagers took us in the long grass and the pollen got me really bad".
"It doesn't look like that too me, I better not see you like this again or you'll be sent home".

About half an hour later, two unexpectedly looking nice cars came down the dirt track leading to our camp. I didn't give them much heed but they pulled up to the gate and about 5 or 6 of the scariest looking dudes got out. 

"[My name], can you come to the gate, some people want to speak to you" someone said, I don't remember who. 

As I was still high I started to panic again and the paranoia was back. I walked over to them. I'm not sure how the conversation went, but the scope of this most colossal fuck up dawned on me. Sayid had totally misunderstood me with his broken English. He had thought that I was asking to send hash back home and this was his lucky day and he could act as broker for a deal that would set him up for life, likely calling someone who called someone else and so on until the news had reached some senior guy from Mombasa who had come down to the camp to strike a deal. And listen Reddit, before you jump on me and call me an idiot and tell me not to travel, lets think about this first. In no way is this a reasonable outcome for the conversation I just had. Yeh fine, smoking on a school trip is never a good idea, but I was in the army cadets for 4 years and every trip turned into a smoke up after dark without incident.

I think I managed to mumble some sort of feeble excuse like "I'm sorry I have to go". Then I ran and hid in the toilets and locked the door.

About a minute later I heard Mr F yell my name.

"Where the fuck are you, you filthy little druggie"
"Where is he boys?"
"Hes in the toilet sir"
Silence, then Mr F's huge tree trunk arms pounding on the door.
"You fucking little shit, what have you done? Who are these people? Come out here now"

"I can't sir.... I'm on the toilet, its really bad" This was sadly the best thing I could think of.
"Get the fuck out here now"
"I can't sir, its diarrhoea, really bad"
"You fucking little liar, open this door"

He was trying to shake it off its hinges. I wanted to die, I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me, I was going to get expelled, my parents were going to kill me, my life was effectively over.

At this point Mr F's girlfriend and Mr B stepped in, urging him to calm down.

"Let us talk to him". 
"What happened, why are these people here"
"I'm so sorry, I was just talking about weed and he must of got the wrong idea, I have no idea how this could of happened."

Somehow it was smoothed over, I don't know how, but I stayed in that toilet for hours, fearing shame, mockery and punishment when eventually that door was opened. When I came out the dealers from Mombassa were gone. The teachers had searched all my stuff and found nothing which had further supported my defence. 

The rest of the trip passed without incident. I wasn't expelled, my parents weren't called, Mr F was even nice to me after a few days, probably embarrassed about totally flipping out. Sure there were a few jokes but it was just too surreal to continually feel bad about. Also I think Mr B and Miss F had done me a huge favour by calming Mr F, coming to my defence and for that I am forever grateful.

TL;DR a simple misunderstanding during a conversation with an enterprising Kenyan fisherman resulted in gangsters driving down from Mombassa to arrange terms with me for a hash smuggling operation back to the UK, temporarily making a teacher go berserk at me.

Edit 1: Thank you again for all the feedback. It’s been great having this interaction as it’s been a lonely time on my road trip these last few weeks.

I’ll try and post my Indian mishap on Sunday and round off the trilogy. 

On a final note before I go to bed: Travel has really helped me with some serious issues in my life such as depression, anxiety and low self esteem. I’d like to create an elitism free space to help and encourage others to give it a go and share experiences, both positive and calamitous. If anyone knows of a suitable medium please message me (I’m not particularly tech savvy FYI).  

Edit 2: I should of elaborated on this more but the library was closing and I was trying to hammer out the events as fast as possible on a proper keyboard. They were driving clean BMWs (or similar) in an area where most people didn’t even have a car, same goes for their clothing.

There was also obviously a head guy amongst them and he has a fair bit of jewelry on. Whatever he said to 16 year old me cemented the idea that he was a big deal in my head but I just can’t recall what. /nSo this happened about 15 years ago when i was around 8 years old. Its a memory that came back to me all of sudden and me realizing how fucked it really was.

My dad had a digital camera that me and my brother used to play with a lot. We took pictures of many different things around the house.

Then an idea popped up in my head. Idk why I thought this was a good idea but I decided to take a picture of my brother's, who is 7 at the time, butthole. Like close up shots of my brother spreading his ass cheeks. Multiple shots, different angles, I was doing a photoshoot on my brother's asshole. We were laughing a lot and having fun with it. 

I left the pictures in the camera and just forgot about it. Few weeks later, my dad didnt look at what was inside the memory card. And went to costco to get the pictures printed. 

The people that handled the photos saw a close up photoshoot of my brother's asshole. There must have been atleast 10 photos from what I remembered. That shit was child pornography.

The good thing was nothing came out of it which is what I am most shocked about. My dad called us in the room to show us what we did. His reaction was "What the hell is this!" And ripped it to shreads. That was that. 

15 years later I realized how things could have turned bad for my dad if someone actually tried to do something that day.

Tldr:  took pics of my bros butthole with a camera, my dad ,without knowing ,went to costco to print them, people that work at costco saw a photoshoot of my brothers asshole, dad didnt get in trouble thankfully.

Edit: yes costco actually printed them out. I remember them being in a nice little paper envelope.

Edit 2: I am surprised by how common kids are taking pictures of each other buttholes. Still havent found my name yet in the comments. Maybe i should just ask him about it. We are pretty close but its just really weird to bring up.

Edit 3: Now that I think about what would happen if I told my brother. Its too fking awkward and cringey. "Hey remember that time i took pictures of your asshole?" I will set the price at five platinums for me to tell him. Why is it so high? Cause i know yall wont be able to do it.

Edit 4: What the actual fuck! I did the research, I looked at the top of all time of tifu. And all it had was 6 plats at most. It happened in less than 5 mins. Oh god. Im in class right now. Ill update tonight. Fuck me.

Edit 5: TLDR at the bottom. 

8 platinums is 8 platinums. During the whole class period I couldnt focus in class at all, because I was thinking of what would happen. These are the type of memories that stay in the back of your mind never to be mentioned ever again. 

As I was driving home, I thought how the fuck did it get to this point. It was only suppose to be a funny story I post and maybe get gold. It turned to a situation where now im about to tell my brother something so awkward and terrifying to me. 

I get home and go upstairs where my brothers at. I say "sup" and he tells me about class and other shit. Im in my head the whole time like "fuck its about happen". I look at him laughing nervously. 

Bro: What?!

Me: haha oh god

Bro: What?!

Me: Hey remember when--haha-when 

I was dying slowly inside couldnt even look him in the eye

Me: Remember when I-- hahaha-- took pictures of.... your asshole

Bro: WHAAAAAT?! YOU DID?!! HAHAAHA WTF ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? 

Me: You dont remember at all?

BRO: NOOOOOO! WTF??!! HAHHAHA

I reveal everything that happened and showed him the post, he was dying. I was also dying but on the inside with cringe and awkwardness.  He didnt even remember, now he will forever remember what I did to him. How the fuck did my brother's asshole get to the top post?

TLDR: told my brother, lots of wtfs and lmaos, doesnt remember at all, my top post is about my bros asshole, he will remember this for the rest of his life. But hey 8 platinums is 8 platinums./nAfter getting tired of shoving bits of cotton in my 'nanner curtains for years, I switched to the menstrual cup a while back. *For those that don't know, it's basically this little silicone cup you pop into your lady bits and you can wear for like 12 hours.*

Anywhoo, after sleeping all night, I needed to empty it. I headed to the bathroom, lined the toilet with toilet paper to prevent splash back, and proceeded to remove it. Now, I always look to see how full the cup is after removal. It's a weird thing to do, but I think it's kinda cool to see how much is in there. 

Apparently, unbeknownst to me, my bathroom spider bro was also interested in my red water tidings. As I was removing the cup, he dropped down to check out the situation. Not expecting a spider to the face that early in the morning, I jerked back, shrieked, and fell off the toilet.

 Remember what was in my hand? Yeah, It was a full cup. **Everywhere.** On the tub, on the wall, all over me, it was a mess.
Naturally, my SO heard me yell, and the thud of my lard ass falling off the toilet and came running, only to find me on the bathroom floor, covered in blood, yelling about a spider. I'm surprised the poor guy didn't faint.

TL;DR: A spider surprised me, I threw blood everywhere and my SO thought I was dying.

Edit: Holy shit guys, I wasn't expecting this many responses! For those asking, my mom came up with the nanner curtains thing and it stuck lol, and spider bro has retreated to his corner of the bathroom. Also the boyfriend is fine, slightly traumatised, but he'll live./nNormally when I go to bed I put my girlfriends cat in the spare bedroom. It is always getting into crap it shouldn't so we like to make sure it can't break anything while we sleep. Last night he was being extra calm and sweet so my girlfriend convinced me to let him stay out as a "treat" for good behavior. I woke up in the middle of the night because I had a dream about peeing and we all know where that leads. But as soon as I woke up I smelt a horrible smell (to groggy at the time to realize what it was) and I was very short on breathe. Turns out he somehow turned the gas on the stove on and tried to kill us in our sleep./nSo, these 5 girls asked me to come and hang out with them in their pool. 
I thought it was gonna be a little party, but no. It was just me and 5 ladies in a pool. Sounds like a every mans fantasy, right? 

Wrong. 

I was invited over to start up a fire pit because "I can't do it myself". 
So, I ask "having a pool party, huh? Yea, I can do that!" I get a reply "yea, a party, sure!" 

Red flag one. So, I take my happy and hopeful ass over to this house where the "party" is at. 

Red flag two, the fire pit is already a' blazin. 

I didn't think much of it, but I also noticed that only 5 girls in a swimming pool is kind of a small party, but I'm not complaining. I settle in, have a few drinks, hop in the pool and hang out with these ladies and all seems well.... then the night actually started to take off...

One of them got super wasted, stripped down naked and was running around the house hysterically crying, while we tried chasing her down so we could clothe her. Funny thing was, she was the only girl I didn't see drink alcohol. 
And like a brick wall showing up while your doing 90+ in you car, BAM she was blitzed. Then, Another girl looked at me at one point and said "come here, I gotta tell you a secret" So, I swim semi-drunkenly over to hear her little secret, but instead she kisses me. I'm thinking, "okay not what I expected but I ain't mad." 

As I go to kiss her back I hear, in an extremely angry tone, "What the FUCK?!" One of the other girls (the one who invited me) saw it and was irate.
She swims over to us, and I'm thinking that I'm about to be castrated, but my presence doesn't phase her, she moves straight to her friend and grabs her by the shoulder and a fistful of hair, and drags her out of the pool and onto the grass. 
They start fighting, like literally throwing fists and tackling each other on the ground, UFC style. 

But, in the blink of an eye, they stop and starting hugging each other and crying like they just saw some cheesy romantic movie with a predictable ending. I'm thinking to myself "what the fuck. Should I be aroused or terrified?!" 

I assure you, I was both.

After that, shit got scary. They threw me into the pool, and were trying to play some wrestling game, so they held me down. Now, I grew up with sisters who were rowdy, so I know how to push a lady whose trying to kill off me, but 5! IN THE DEEP END OF A POOL WHILE DRUNK. That shit got me praying to every God in every religion. I wasn't sure if they were trying to kill me, or got caught up in the moment, I was just trying to stay alive, man. Their "playful" laughter is something that will haunt me until my dying days. I thought it was the last thing I'd ever hear. 

Then things kinda settled down, so I, cautiously and reluctantly, stayed the night on the couch because I had too much to drink and I'm not trying to get a DUI or wreck my motorcycle. 
But I woke up to this god awful sound, like a beast was chowing on its prey, and I thought "aw fuck. This is it. These ladies are a coven of witches or demons and my soul is due for atonement. MY LUST, MY GREED, I DESERVE THIS." So, I flip around to better see what's happening, and the previously naked hysterically crying girl was vomiting everywhere. I mean really going at it. Like a fire hose. 

Then, after painting the floor with a fucked up rendition of Blue Poles by Jackson Pollock, she looks at me and says "sorry, didn't mean to wake you" and walks away. Like it was nothing. Then, I just closed my eyes in bewilderment, and waited until I was sober. And I got the fuck out of there.

TLDR; hanging with 5 girls in a pool sounds like a dream, but it's actually a nightmare and they will get naked and try to drown you./nSo this was an ongoing fuck up that occurred over the past year and a half.  We ran out of laundry detergent and my wife and I separately stopped at the store (we both didn’t know the other was stopping) and bought some. (Edit: we both bought the same thing) 

So that’s the laundry detergent I’ve been using to wash everything for nearly a year and a half. Clothing, towels, sheets etc. all of it. I basically grabbed each bottle of detergent in turn so they both lasted forever 

Finally both bottles hit empty about a week ago and I dragged my ass to the store because I needed clean towel. I head to the detergent section and grab the same bottle I’ve been using for a year an a half (free and gentle. I don’t like scented stuff) 

That’s when I freeze. Because the bottle I’m holding, the same type of bottle I’ve been using for a year and a half... well I didn’t grab it from the detergent section and it didn’t say detergent on it.   

No that bottle said fabric softener. Not laundry detergent. No soap or cleaning agent that I’m aware of. None.   For a YEAR AND A HALF I’ve been softening the hell out of my clothing but not actually using detergent. 

I didn’t want to believe it.   Ran back to the laundry room at my apartment where the trash hasn’t been emptied and check the old bottle.   Fabric softener. 

I’m in shock. My wife has been complaining about the towels smelling for months and I thought it was in her head (I have a terrible sense of smell anyway but I knew I was washing the towels regularly) turns out I haven’t washed those towels with detergent since we bought them.    She wondered why her whites always seemed dingy even when freshly washed.   Well now we know.   Because FABRIC SOFTENER... 

So now I’ve been washing everything I own and holy shit what a difference it makes when you actually use detergent. 



TL:DR I used fabric softener instead of laundry detergent for a year and a half, now I feel dirty and have to wash everything in my closet 


Edit: a proper TL:DR


Edit:   A lot of you are overusing detergent.  Check the cap. The fill line for a load is usually a half inch or less above the bottom of the cap, not the top. (I see the irony of me saying this but read the label. It’s pretty clear how little you actually need) 

Edit3: for fucks sake people, stop telling me to not use fabric softener on towels. I DIDNT THINK I WAS!/nOkay, it wasn't today but it was recent. That's all I can give you.

I was at a UK airport and as a perk of my job I had a business class ticket to fly to Brazil. I'd never flown first class before and felt pretty giddy and excited, i mean, why wouldn't I?

I was going to Brazil, for 3 weeks, busines class in a five star hotel I hadn't had to pay for. To make it even better as it was technically a business trip I was getting paid to be there.

I'm heading to the departure gate and I ended up on one of those long escalators, you know the kind they have in airports that you silently note to yourself "hey, that's a big escalator."

I'm going down, got my backpack on, my headphones in and I'm in a good mood, such a good mood I decide to jump the last few steps, just because I'm a little giddy thinking about all those Brazilian girls, some sunshine, some cheap booze and absolutely NO stuffy office and intolerable moody co-workers.

So i jump, hit the plate at the bottom and the fucking thing locks up and makes a high pitched noise. It doesn't gradually come to a stop, it just stops. 

It's a busy airport, it's a busy escalator too. I turn around and see people tumbling down this thing, crashing into people and more people falling. An alarm goes off and people in uniforms come running out shouting into walkie talkies.

I try my absolute best to disappear into the crowd, another shocked bistander wondering what's going on.

I see a lady bleeding from her nose, a man with a probably broken arm, kids crying and I know it's my fault. I feel horrible, but not just horrible, worried. Worried i won't be going anywhere. What will work say?!

I head to the departure gate and bored my flight without issue, the business class is severely tainted. I spend the whole trip worried I'll be arrested at the other end, every possible scenario goes through my head.

I get off scot free but I'm still feeling bad about it so i thought I'd come and tell all of you about it, so you can judge me instead.

**TL;DR Don't jump the last few steps of an escalator**


Edit: i get it, it's board. I boarded my phlight./nTwo days ago I got my first dildo. Since I still live with my parents, I obviously had to hide the the sinful monstrosity. Where would be the best place to hide a sex toy? Perhaps up high in the corner of my closet. Nah, I'm short, horny, and lazy so I didn't want to climb up there everytime I wanted to get off. 

Well, under my bed the boxspring has a hole in it, perfect for objects such as a dildo. The hiding spot is set up so that when you look under the bed, you can't see the hiding spot, just the empty space underneath. 

I decide to hide my dildo, as well as a several other items of contraband (condoms and an anal plug), balanced on a piece of plywood in the boxspring. Perfect place for it, why would anyone be searching under there anyways.


After I get off work, I'm greeted with a text from my mom that says, "We need to talk."



Oh fuck, she found my dildo didn't she.


Turns out, while I was away at work, my mom was searching for a pair of her shoes (that I did not have) in my bedroom. I'm assuming the bed got bumped causing the dildo to fall off the piece of plywood onto the ground, but the point is she found my veiny purple dildo. 

For context, my family's religious and I don't seem like the type that would have a dildo. 


Here's a couple highlights of the conversation:


Her - I found a purple dick under your bed.


Me - Oh really? Hahahahaha


Her - I haven't had sex in [a long time] and even I've never bought one of those.


Me - Oh, well if you want I could buy one for you.
[I'm aware this wasn't the best thing to say, but I seem to lose any filter I have when I'm nervous]


At least she chuckled at that, maybe because of shock. But it made the situation slightly more bearable. 


Her - Why do you have one anyways?


Me - Well it's just my curiosity, hormones, and I felt bad for wasting so many cucumbers.
[Again, another stupid thing to say but I don't think she heard. Or she ignored me]


Then she brought up the condoms, guess a couple fell down with the toy, and asked if I was sexually active. I assured her I'm not, and that I got them because they were cheap and so that I could use it on the dildo when I didn't feel like washing it. Truth is, I got them because they were colorful (pink, yellow, and green) and I thought it would be funny to whip those bad boys out if I ever do have sex. But I felt like I had embarrassed myself enough already.

She was more disappointed in me than angry. I think we both shared feelings of shame and embarrassment, but she reacted differently than I thought she would. I have no idea how I'm going to look her in the eyes tomorrow.


At least she didn't find my butt plug. 



TL;DR - Bought my first sex toy a couple days ago. Found a good hiding spot for it, turns out it wasn't good enough and my mom found it. Don't know how I'm gonna look her in the eyes tomorrow knowing what she knows about me. Also relocated my toy to the upper shelf of the closet. Hid the other stuff in other places of my room. Don't wanna keep all my eggs in one basket. 


EDIT: I am 18 and female. I bought my dildo and butt plug at the same time, I refer to my dildo as my "first" sex toy because I used it first. Hope that clarifies some things :)



UPDATE: It's 9:30 AM and I still havent seen her. She isn't even in the house 


UPDATE #2: It's noon and she's still not home. Gonna give her a call.


UPDATE #3: Just called her and she didn't answer. Sent her a text too. Haven't seen her since last night. Getting kinda worried she might be avoiding me. 


UPDATE #4: Just got a text back from her, I guess we're gonna forget this all happened. Which is fine by me :) I'll update if she mentions it when she gets home.

http://imgur.com/a/IXAFwqf/nTwo weeks ago, I was accepted into a research study for healthy individuals to monitor the affects of a drug on their system and how long it lasts in the body.  I prepared for weeks, making sure I followed all the rules in advance.  It required 6 stays of 4 days onsite, and the restrictions were pretty lengthy - but it paid $6,300.
In the restrictions, it stated to avoid excessive amounts of a specific chemical found in chocolate and coffee, within 48 hours of the first dose.

My first dose was on a Tuesday, and Sunday morning, on my flight home from a work conference, I had a single piece of dove chocolate at 10am Central Time.  Not excessive, right?  Wrong.
Apparently they meant - No chocolate or coffee.

As I was sitting in the research center, getting ready to settle in for a few days, they asked the question about chocolate.  I told them the truth.  The assistant left to check with the director, and came back saying it was 47hrs from the time of my dose, so I was disqualified.  I gaped at him, and said "wait! That was 10am CT, we are in Mountain Time, so it's actually 48 hours!"  He left to tell his director, and they both came back.  I was still disqualified.  Apparently, the last dose was possible at 8:55am.  I missed the cutoff by 5 minutes.  They wouldn't budge, and I was sent packing.

$6,300.... gone. Like that.  It still hurts.  Enough so, that it has taken me two weeks to write this.
At least it was Dove, and tasted good.  And the funny part? The inside of the wrapper said "You can do anything, but you can't do everything." - Shirley K Maryland

Edit: As I keep getting asked: This one was http://prastudies.com But search your area for paid studies, as they only have 4 locations

Edit 2 for clarification answers: 

Sorry, I walked away for a couple of hours and this blew up. I'm trying to answer what I can.  But the common themes:

1) I'm a woman. (No that has no bearing on my post, but it was mentioned often in the comments, so I'm clearing it up)

2) I know, I could have lied... but I kind of have a thing about lying.  Especially working in the medical industry as long as I did.  Lying in medicine is a major no-no.  There is a lot more than money at stake.
Also, I actually thought I was in the clear.  I figured the test drug was going to be a night time pill, not a first thing in the morning pill. Not to mention, excessive to me isn't a small bite of chocolate.

3) I don't work for Dove, or the study group. I'm a project manager. This is truly just me screwing up.  And yes - I own my mistake. 

4) I won't be taking legal action because I truly don't believe there is any to be had.  I ate the chocolate. That's on me.  Just because I don't agree with the language to which I was told to avoid it, doesn't mean I didn't still make the mistake.  Also - $6,300..although a lot of quick cash, is not a lot for litigation. No point.  I'd lose more than I'd gain. This way I'm also able to continue applying for other studies going forward.  They have new ones every week.

5) They were very clear about how compensation works, and I didn't reach the point of compensation.  

6) This is not about eating Dove soap. Which would have been really funny I think.  A few people mentioned this is called Galaxy chocolate across the pond.

TL;DR - I ate a piece of Dove chocolate 5 minutes too late, and it cost me $6,300 because it was a restricted food in a research study I had joined.
/nSo I was home alone one day with me and my wife's pet turtle and I was probably drunk or super bored and lonely because I was looking at the turtle in its tank and thought it would be a good idea to bring it to the balcony to see the view. We live on the 5th floor of an apartment building and while I was carrying my little friend in my hand I rested in on the railing with my hand still securely on it. But then out of nowhere, just as i was starting to relax, it started to flail around and I lost my grip of it and I watched as it fell down 5 floors and landed shell first on my 1st floor Neighbour's head. The turtle was surprisingly unscathed but my neighbour had a pretty bad concussion and I ended up paying for his medical bills.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Decided to show my turtle the view from my 5th floor balcony but dropped him on my neighbour's head.

EDIT: Since some are asking, yes the neighbour is ok. It was pretty bad at the time but fortunately didn't have any lasting effects. Also turtle shells are insane.

EDIT 2: Well fuck me this exploded. To address some people rightfully telling me that I'm an irresponsible pet owner, well you'd be right. This sub has the words "Fucked up" in it and that's exactly what I did.

EDIT 3: A lot of you guys are concerned for the neighbour in the long run and trust me I am just as, if not more, concerned because it was my fault. Me and him are actually cool and have a laugh about it from time to time but I do feel super bad about it and unsurprisingly, I no longer intend on showing my turtle how many cars are refilling gas across the street anymore. This is probably gonna be the final edit so thank you to everyone who was concerned for my neighbour or my turtle. Or both. As to all the people calling me a fucking idiot, I don't blame you. I've brought this upon myself./nToday was my first day off work since Friday last week and I decided to run some errands. While I was out I ducked into a grocery store to buy a drink and noticed that the store’s EFTPOS was down. The cashier told me that they could still process the sale, I just had to sign for it and the money would be taken out once it came back online. 

On my drive home I realised that I had forgotten to pick up stuff for dinner so I swung into the grocery store closest to my place, which happened to be the same brand as the one earlier. I got my stuff with no problem and went to line up at the conveyer belt and this was where my fuckup began. 

I’m a person with anxiety so I always prepare something to say when I’m inevitably asked how my day is going. I knew that I was going to respond with “good, it’s been pretty busy although I had a sleep in this morning since I was at work so late last night”. I got up to the cashier and said hello, she looked at me in surprise and went “oh, are you not working today?” and I just panicked. This wasn’t what I had prepared for. So my stupid brain decided to go with what I had already prepared and I said “nah I was working late last night so I’m not in today.”

The second it came out of my mouth I wanted to hit myself. Why didn’t I just say that I didn’t work there? Sure I could correct her now, but I’m already in too deep. 

So we start talking about work. She complains about having a three hour shift and how it only works out as two and a half hours pay. For some reason I say that I’m lucky that I’m not working since it looks like it’s a busy day. She asks me if I’ve heard anything about Shaun leaving. I said that I heard he is. She was upset about that, he’s a nice guy. I agreed, he’s one of the good ones. I have no fucking clue who Shaun is. 

I manage to lie my way through the conversation, mentally berating myself but also congratulating myself on my tremendous acting skills. We get to the point where I’m about to pay and what do you know, the EFTPOS is down.  Part of my coping for anxiety is trying to make others as comfortable and happy as possible so instead of having her freak out over the system going down, I simply explain to her how to process the sale. Information I only know because I was at the other store two hours ago! 

She looks at me and goes, “well at least someone who works here knows what they’re doing.” I laugh nervously. Yeah...right. 

Then she asks me for my staff card to scan for “my” staff discount. And of course I don’t have a goddamned card. Who do you think I am, an employee? Luckily since I had only shoved my credit card into my phone case instead of bringing my whole purse I managed to come up with a lie about how I didn’t have my full purse so I don’t have my card. That’s alright though, she can put it through on hers and I can sign it. 

I signed a name that definitely wasn’t mine. Is that illegal? Probably not. I then picked up my bags and ran. Didn’t even say bye. I needed out of there. 

As I hurried away, I heard the guy on the register behind her turn around and go, “did you know her?”

I don’t think I can ever go back there. Either I’d have to attempt to keep up the pretence or go back and own up to it and face the shame. So I think I’ll take option three and avoid my neighbourhood grocery store like the plague. 

TL;DR: Cashier at my local grocery store mistook me for a coworker. Instead of correcting her my anxiety ridden brain decided to play along. I got in deep enough that I was teaching her to process sales. After she gave me her staff discount I fled the store and now don’t ever want to show my face again.

Edit: wow thanks for the silver! And because a few people have asked, yes I am in therapy. I have been on and off for almost ten years. I suffered from abuse for the majority of my life and while 99% of the time I’m perfectly functioning I do still have a compulsive need for people to like me because that it something I deem safe. Hence my inability to rock the boat by telling her that she thinks I’m someone I’m not. That could end in an unsafe situation and in those moments it’s not a risk I’m willing to take.

Edit two: and some golds! Damn if I knew you guys enjoyed anxiety fueled fuckups then I’d have been sharing my dumb stories ages ago./nMandatory not today but 20 years ago. 

I am 16 and horny. We didnt yet have the internet and this was still the days of searching nearby woods for scattered magazines held together by many long rains. It was also the days of waiting for your mom to go to the grocery store and using your free time to try to find literally anything new in the house to have sex with. This was one of those days. 

My mom left for the grocery store and I had an idea: duct tape a toilet paper roll filled with wet toilet paper to my penis. Make sure it's really tight. Then, create a rope from duct tape and wrap it around the blade of the ceiling fan. Sit on one side of the ceiling fan and as the blades spin, it will pull and release the tube. Brilliant. 

All starts well as I sit on a desk chair below the fan. A bit slow, but working so I turn it up. I start to notice that since there is no swivel, the duct tape is twisting and shortening. Its pulling violently on my pubes and skin. I cant get the fucking thing off. Fuck. I stand up to buy myself time. Shut off the fan: pull the string and wait. Oh fuck - still going. I'm on my tippy toes and my pubes are ripping. I pull the string and the fan begins to slow, but it's still twisting. I slam my hand into the fan to stop it. The fan breaks out of the ceiling, but I'm free.

As I unpackage my pleasure tube, I find I'd ripped a fist full of pubes out. My foreskin was twisted like an Indian sunburn, checkered with blood and tears and the head of my penis is a ghostly grey.

It took 24 hours for the penis head to turn from mayonnaise to plum. My penis basically moulted over the next 3 weeks growing a new layer of penis over the old penis. I still have a long white scar down the shaft that has no feeling. 

Good times. 

Tl;dr: duct taped my penis to a ceiling fan and ripped my pubes and foreskin apart.

Edit: changed some words.

Edit: I want to be clear how this was supposed to work. I am sitting off center of the fan on a chair with my penis taped to the edge of one fan blade. The tape is slack. As the blade moves away, the take becomes taught and rips my dick right off. /nThis just happened a few days ago. I've told my wife that I wished she would initiate sex more often, and last Thursday she decided to oblige. I was sitting on the couch watching TV when she came out of the bedroom looking sexy the way she does. She grabbed my hands and pulled me up and started kissing me, taking a few steps back towards the doorway to go to the bedroom. We stopped a little and started undressing each other, and when it was my turn to get her pants off I dropped down real quick to get them off asap.

The next thing I felt wasn't joy in getting my wife naked, but searing pain! It turns out that I was too close to the corner of an endtable. I immediately stood up and clenched my cheeks while my wife, God bless her soul, was laughing hysterically trying to squeeze out the words, "You took off part of your butt!"  

I ended up leaving a nice sized chunk of skin on the corner of the table. Fortunately it missed my poop chute, but I have a nice inch or so long gouge near my butt bone. That hurts, in addition to the bruising of the buttocks from hitting the table so hard. My wife continued to be double\-over laughing while I was trying to stick Kleenex in my crack to stop the bleeding. 4 days later and showers still suck, and I need to be careful when I'm sitting down.

Tl;Dr Asked my wife to initiate sex, ended up taking off part of my butt on a table/nThis happened yesterday. I got sushi with this girl after finally getting the courage to ask her out. (To those out there going through the struggle of feeling like you can’t talk to someone you like, just do it. It’s nowhere near as big a deal as you’re thinking. Don’t be too proud to ask your friends for advice either.) 

Anyway, this is the first time in years that I’ve had sushi. Everything’s going well as we’re just talking about school until I’m so focused on what she’s saying that I pick up the tasty-looking green paste with my chopsticks without any thought to what it is. 

After I throw it in my mouth and start chewing, she pauses and asks, “Did you just eat that whole thing of wasabi?” 

I stop chewing as the spiciness kicks in, and I realize that I’m dumb as fuck. I figured it would’ve been gross if I just spit it out into a napkin right in-front of her so I keep chewing slowly instead. That doesn’t help, so I grab the salmon with my sticks and start eating it along with the wasabi so that the taste isn’t so bad. This doesn’t help at all either and she can see me struggling to maintain.

“Drink your tea.” She suggests.

“Ah yes! Liquids! They exist!” I think to myself. 

After this only somewhat helps, I just smile, point towards the restroom, and nod my head in hopes that I at least look cute while dying on the inside. 

The door’s fucking locked. 

After this I just swallow everything left, walk back to the table, and live with the flames inside my nose. The rest of the lunch was enjoyable though. Will probably jokingly ask her if she wants to go for some wasabi next time.

TL;DR: Wasabi. Never again.

Edit: I saw Cars 2 once around the time it came out but hardly remembered any of it. I just watched the Mater scene on YouTube though and honestly I could still see myself making the same mistake had my memory of the movie been better. 

I also wanted to say many of the comments have been pretty informing as well as heartwarming. Also, those of you who’ve tricked your family and friends into eating wasabi are straight up evil haha./nTL;DR I took too many edibles, tripped out.

Obligatory it was yesterday yadda yadda yadda.

So to start off I would like to say that I smoke weed about 3-4 times a week. I smoke maybe a gram, or more with friends. I have never smoked so much that I lost control of myself, or couldn't function. I have never thrown up from smoking too much, so I would like to consider myself a heavy weight. However, I had never tried edibles.

I decided to make some at home, because I like cooking, and I decided to make an omelet with canabutter. The recipe said around 4 grams of high THC concentrated grams of weed. I grow my own, and pride myself on a cannabis plant with high THC content, but 4 grams for 1 WHOLE CUP of butter and half a cup of water?!?!? That seemed absurd, and I was eating w a friend, so I used 4 grams for 1/4 cup of butter and 1/4 cup of water, thinking I will just be careful with dosing. I invited A, as in ONE, friend over, (let's call him Jason)and we made the omelet. I added about 2 tablespoons of the cannabutter, blended and cooked for a long amount of time I might add, or approximately half into the actual egg mixture (4 eggs and a couple table spoons of sour cream w some spices). I then added a very little bit to melt on the pan, but I thought it couldn't hurt so I added more. Also, the whole time I was thinking my friend would help me finish it.

I made the omelet, we dug in, and then we quickly drove to a nearby chili's because we knew they were strong, and we didn't want to drive under the influence. I got there, and barely ordered our water when everything hit me all at once. I felt like the air became corn syrup. The waitress was standing right next to me, and then I blinked, and I swear on my mother she just teleported to the other side of the table. My friend was obviously also high as a kite. It's hard to explain how high I was, and then I played some games on the little Ipad they had. I sat there, and I kept thinking about how I had to say something or else it would be awkward. Then I started freaking out when one of my other friends got here(I'll go with Clarissa), I had invited her prior but she does not partake in weed. I forgot my Jason was there, because in my mind I only had one friend sitting down w me at Chili's. Then I turned an saw my Jason, and he was just smiling. He said he felt like there were hooks in his cheeks holding his smile up, but it felt good. I asked Clarissa whether or not she felt as if the service was taking forever, but she told me she just sat down. I felt like she was gaslighting me, because I could have sworn we were there for like a  couple hours. I said I needed to take a piss, so I started walking to the bathrooms. That is when I walked into the girl's restroom. Luckily nobody was there, but I was so confused until I realized it was the women's restroom due to the lack of urinals. After washing my hands in what felt like water so hot it was freezing cold I went back to my table. As I sat down, both of my friends were gone. I thought, in my state, they had somehow gotten lost at the table, I honestly don't know how but I distinctly remember thinking that I had to find them or else they would be lost forever. I found my way back to our car, and they were in there. I started knocking and telling them to let me in, but for some reason they wouldn't. Sick of their shit, I started slamming, saying," If you fuckers don't let me in I will break this glass." Then, to my intense horror I realized this was in fact not our car, but somebody else's. I went back inside and sat down, my friends were there. They said they just watched me walk up to the table, say," I gotta find them." and then walk outside. I can confidently say I was high even the next morning, which freaked me out even more. Safe to say I will follow recipes to the T from now on.

Edit: Now I'm kinda mad I used my throwaway account for this.

Edit: I get it, I'm not a heavyweight, hence my overestimation by a long shot. This has turned into a dick length contest- "You think you're a heavyweight? I smoke 2 oz a week," or, " You think you're a heavy weight? You are fucking stupid you small child, little dick, cunt. I smoke an 1/8 a day, and smoke wax constantly you fucking pussy. I also fucked your girlfriend." Like jesus calm down.

Edit: Many people doubt this story due to me not describing how I made the cannabutter, all I can say is that this is the story of how I fucked up, not how I made cannabutter. If you must know, yes I decarbed it (55 minutes at 220, in between foil on a baking pan) , then blended, and cooked it in a pan till it browned, dark brown close to a burnt smell, but not. I then blended it again. I didn't have cheescloth to strain, so I didn't extract the weed, just blended it in.  the strain was sour diesal. HMU w anymore questions to "debunk" me, I'd be happy to answer./nI am divorced and have my two girls every other weekend. One Saturday morning, my oldest girl comes in to my room and she's on the speaker phone with her mom. I hear mom say wake him up and then I wake up and address my child.

"Daddy, I have my period", she says. Me: Um ok. I get up. Get dressed and point at my 9 y/o and say you're in charge. I'll be right back. I go to the store and faced with a sea of pads, I pick up a box of pads and a chocolate bar. My neighborhood cashier asks me if I found everything ok. I say yes.

I return home and give my daughter the bag. She asks what the chocolate is for and I confidently reply - to make you happier. I leave her to her business assuming mom has groomed her in some way for this moment.

For backup, I call up a gf and told her about what was happening and she asked specifically what I bought for her. Depends undergarments and chocolate. I bought her elderly diapers. 



tl;dr My daughter has first period and I buy her elderly undergarments./nEverything is in the TL;DR.


This happened yesterday but I’m feeling the repercussions today. 

It started with me getting dressed and just throwing on lace underwear vs cotton. I was just staying home all day so it wasn’t a big deal because after my kid leaves for school I walk around naked anyways. 

My kid reminds me that I have volunteered for his field trip and here’s a list of kids that I would be watching. 

I forgot so... Shit! I don’t have a lunch for him or I so I threw jeans on to go run to get a lunch. I figured I could change when I got back no biggie. However... My husband text me asking for me to get some things from the store that had to be picked up immediately. 

I had no time to change and made it to the field trip 10 min late. Fine, it’s fine. I’ll be ok. It’s 75degrees, I’m in jeans, lace undies, vagina freshly shaved from the night before. I didn’t think much of it. 

There’s a lot of walking on this field trip though. I’m keeping up with the 8-9 year olds and I feel my underwear pull up between the lips of my vagina. So half my vagina is rubbing the lace and jeans while I walk. 

I can’t fix it at any point and at this age I couldn’t just adjust and lie about tucking in my shirt etc. This is the age boobs and “lady parts” are a big deal. 

*i did adjust at one point but my lady meat just fell out right away. 

So for three hours my vagina is rubbing against uncomfortable fabric. It’s hot so my natural discharge and sweat are making it worse. I can’t adjust because the bathrooms are too far away for me to leave the kids and NONE of the little terds had to go! 

I got home and half my vagina was rubbed raw. My husband said it looked swollen or like a big ingrown hair was forming. 

Tl;dr- I shaved my vagina so had no hair buffer when my lady meat fell out of lace undies and chaffed during a three hour walk-a-thon field trip. My vagina lips are swollen and it hurts to be a functioning human./nNSFL? If you're eating something then I'd suggest not reading this.

You ever seen those stories on the reddit museum of filth? Like, the crusty cum shoebox or the Rainbow Dash figure that was boiled in a jar of cum, and realised 'Why is there no female version of this?'. Well, sit down because I'm about to tell you the story of how I inadvertently fucked myself... with a stick full of maggots.

&#x200B;

So, I have this pool diving stick that I use to fuck myself. I live with my parents so I can't really get an actual toy. Now, this pool toy has two holes on the 'shaft' to allow water to fill in and out of it so it can sink to the bottom of the pool. This also allows it to fill with my girl juices when I use it. The problem? The fluid gets stuck in there since it's relatively more viscous than water. So I've had this thing for about 6 months. I try my best to clean it out by running it under the tap and rinsing it out every couple of weeks but I can never really get the solidly dry stuff. This, combined with the fact that I always just sort of shoved it down the side of my bed, or stuffed it in my bedside cabinet once I was done with it made for a pretty nasty smell. It wasn't usually that obvious unless you got close, but earlier today, once I had finished fucking myself, I put it in my drawer and sat up in my bed. I noticed that not only did it smelled significantly worse than usual, maybe due to the summer heat, but also 'down there' also felt like it was on fire. Not enough to be painful, but enough for me to notice it.

&#x200B;

Here's where the interesting part starts. I decide. 'Hey, It's currently 4AM, everyone is asleep, I can go and cut this thing open.' Sort of like a fucked up episode of 'What's Inside'. So I reach into my drawer, grab my phone and make my way downstairs into the kitchen where I clear out the sink and put this thing down in it. I use a pocket knife to start cutting it open, starting from one of the holes on the side. I'm scared to open it, but I understand that I must, and I put down the pocket knife and gently tease apart the two sides of the incision I made. 

&#x200B;

I. Am. **HORRIFIED.** Dozens of little maggots squirming around inside. I started gagging, until the realisation set in. 'I just stuck this thing inside of me. I may have maggots crawling around inside of my vagina right now.' The fact that they were maggots... doesn't that mean they had been there for a while? How long does it take fly eggs to hatch? In my state of panic, I snapped a quick photo (already knew that I was going to post that thing on 4chan), and rinsed out the entire thing with water, before cutting it into another 3 pieces and thoroughly rinsing them out with bleach and double wrapping them in a plastic bag and throwing it in the bin. I return to my room, disgusted, and make a [4chan post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/4chan/comments/c6uwi5/femanon_embraces_her_inner_neckbeard/) I didn't know what to do after that, except wait for my family to wake up so I could have a shower without worrying about disturbing them. I have my shower and take a nap. That's the end.

**TL;DR** \- My home-made sex toy got infected with maggots without me realising, ended up fucking myself with it before I found out.

Edit: Funny, I actually remember reading about the Coconut story a couple of months ago.

Edit 2: Deleted the link to the picture, the link is in my bio./nNot really a fuck up, more just an unexpected suprise. So on Friday I woke up at 7:30 a.m. with abdominal pain. My girlfriend of 7 years told me to stop moving around so much and went to work. I was rolling around for about 3 hours until I realized that my pain was getting more localized in my right lower quadrant area. Since I work in the medical field I knew right away it was going to be an expensive day. So I grabbed my phone charger and went to the hospital. Was immediately checked into the emergency room, got a CT scan and was told by the doctor that I needed my appendix out that day. So I was admitted into the hospital, my parents and girlfriend came. They were by my side as I went into the operating room. When I came out of surgery and was in pacu, both my girlfriend and my parents were there waiting for me. Working in the medical field I knew that people my age (30 years old) say some crazy things from anesthesia but I didn't realize how crazy it was going to affect my life. When I started coming to, the drugs/anesthesia affected my judgment and i made a life-altering decision. I looked at my girlfriend, pointed to her instead, "I WANT TO MARRY YOU!" right in front of both of my parents. She was in shock, so she turned to my parents and asked him if I was being serious or if it was just the drugs talking. They reassured her that I was serious because I had "mentioned" marriage to them in the past. So she said, "of course I will" and my parents said," welcome to the family", then they all hugged. So yesterday I purchased her an engagement ring and the wedding planning has begun. So I guess the moral of the story is, sometimes it takes having less guts to have guts to do something?

Tl;dr got appendix out, proposed on drugs, I'm engaged

Edit: Holy shit, front page? Really? Haha. A little background story, i was joking around in the comments. She waited until I was 100 percent first to make sure I really wanted to do it. I have discussed with my parents multiple times that I wanted to marry her also. My parents aren't grandbaby crazy, we don't want kids. I love my girlfriend and coming out of surgery made me realize how fragile and short life really is. No more fooling around. Thanks for the gold and front page!/nSo this actually happened today. Well, tonight, I mean. I've just gotten out of scrubbing myself in the shower and am ready to talk about tonight's efforts.

So I went out for dinner alone tonight. I figured that I could go catch a set of my friend's band playing and have dinner and a few quiet drinks. Once out, I run into two female friends who were on the sauce. I had a few mojitos, they had a good dozen shots each. We're having a good night, I decide to head further uptown with them as they're keen for the dancing and my buddy DJs at the club they were wanting to go to.

Once we start walking though, things change. All of a sudden, one of the girls - let's call her Amy - has all the alcohol hit her. She's barely able to stand, I end up giving her a piggyback ride the three or so blocks to the cab rank. You'd think her friend she went out with - we'll call her Mary - would see this and want to put her in a cab, right? Nope, she's been getting more and more pissed that I've been paying attention just to Amy and wants Amy to just go to the clubs with her. Straight away. Not after she's had a few minutes rest. Right now.

Luckily, we're at the cab rank at this point, Mary storms off to go clubbing by herself, leaving me with an Amy that can't even stand up straight. I get her in the cab and get in after her, ignoring all the glares and catcalls I'm getting from everyone around that think I'm going to take her home and molest her (welcome to Australia, where if you're an ugly guy with a drunk girl, everyone immediately assumes you're about to take advantage of her).

As soon as the cab takes off, she falls asleep on my shoulder. 'Excellent' I think, 'this should be easy, I'll get her to her house, then her boyfriend can look after her and I'll head back out'. Within thirty seconds, she starts throwing up in her sleep. All over the cab, all over me, in my hair, in my mouth. The cabbie is justifiably furious. I hand him the cleaning fee of $150 he is demanding in order to keep driving, then when we finally get to her house he kicks us out, not before demanding another $50 for the fare (even though the meter said it was a $12.70 fare).

Amy jumps out and flops face-down into the dirt before I can even get out of my side of the car. Then she starts puking again. As I'm desperately trying to get her onto her side and keep her airways clear, she starts yelling at me to get her shoes off because she can't walk with them on.

Which is when her boyfriend (that I've never met) opens the door and comes downstairs to see me hunched over his paralytic girlfriend, trying to take her shoes off while she's kicking and screaming to get them off so she can go inside.

Luckily this guy takes a few seconds, realises what's going on and understands I'm not trying to assault his girlfriend and gets me to help carry her inside and get her into the bathtub. At this point I'm still wearing his girlfriend's vomit like the world's shittiest brand of beard oil, but once she's in the bathroom, I'm out on the street. Dude does not want me around, which I suppose is fair enough. I mean, if a strange man showed up on the doorstep with my drunk girlfriend I'd be pretty pissed about the situation too.

But either way, I'm now out on the street, covered in vomit and in a strange part of town that I don't know. After wandering around lost for twenty minutes, I finally found a lift home and got a well-deserved shower. And now I'm finishing typing this story up for all you fine folks.

TL;DR - helped a drunk friend, got treated like a date-rapist, had to pay cleaning fees after she vomited all over the cab and myself, got turfed out in the middle of the night in a strange part of town still covered in said vomit.

Edit: Wow, I did not expect this to blow up like this. I'm at work at the moment, but I'll read what everyone has said when I get home tonight. 

But if I could ask everyone to do one small favour for me, it's go and do something nice for someone today please. Betting nice feels good.  :)

2nd edit: Thank you for the gold, kind strangers!

3rd edit: Now that I'm home I can actually read through the thread and wow, there's a lot here. For all those who have given kind words, thank you so much, it's super appreciated. For everyone asking why I posted the story, it was really only because I've read so many stories on here that have made me laugh, shocked me or made me feel for the people writing them, I honestly just hoped that maybe one or two people might have gotten a little chuckle out of it before it got deleted by the mods/faded into reddit history. It certainly wasn't to big up myself or try to shame anyone. It has been interesting to read all the different responses here though.

And for the people who wanted to know how the vomit got in my mouth, that was when we were in the cab sitting next to each other, she put her hand over her mouth while vomiting and some of it splashed/squeezed out the side, right onto my face as I was apologizing to the taxi driver. Absolutely a fluke shot, I guess if Dude Perfect ever want to do vomit videos she could get a job with them, haha.

For the people asking about Lyft/Uber, for the most part in Australia they are only in the capital cities. I live in a regional town in Queensland of about 60,000 people, neither of those companies are expanding here any time soon unfortunately.

I spoke to both the girls briefly today and they're certainly feeling more than a little embarrassed (and hungover). Amy has offered to transfer what she can now and will pay me back the rest on Thursday when she's paid. She's a good egg./nLet me tell you that I have made a bad mistake this evening. 

My girlfriend (who let me tell you is only my 2nd girlfriend of all time) said I am "invited to dinner" with her and her parents. I was very aghast, nervous, and bashful to be invited to such a situation. But I knew it must be done. 

I met them nicely, I should tell you, and it started off in a good way. The idea slapped my mind that I should do a comic bit, to make a good impression and become known to them as a person who is amusing. 

When I saw that baked potatoes were served I got the idea that it would be very good if I pretended I did not know what potatoes was. That would be funny.

Well let me tell you: backfired on my face. I'll tell you how. 

So first when the potato became on my plate, I acted very interesting. I showed an expression on my face so as to seem that I was confused, astounded but in a restrained way, curious, and interested. They did notice, and seemed confused, but did not remark. So I asked "This looks very interesting. What is this?" 

They stared at me and the mother said "It's a baked potato."  And I was saying "Oh, interesting, a baked....what is it again?" 

And she was like "A potato." 

And I was like "A 'potato', oh interesting. Never heard of a potato, looks pretty good." 

And then they didn't see I was clowning, but thought I really did not know what is a potato. So I knew I would be very shamed, humiliated, depressed, and disgusted if I admitted to making a bad joke, so what I did was to act as if it was not a joke but I committed to the act of pretending I didn't know what a potato is. 

They asked me, VERY incredulous, did I really not know what a potato is? That I never heard of a potato. I went with it and told them, yes, I did not ever even hear of a potato. Not only had I never eaten a potato I had never heard the word potato. 

This went on for a bit and my girlfriend was acting very confused and embarrassed by my "fucked up antics", and then the more insistent I was about not knowing what a potato is was when them parents starting thinking I DID know what a potato was.

Well let me tell you I had to commit 100% at this point. When I would not admit to knowing what a potato was, the father especially began to get annoyed. At one point he said something like "Enough is enough. You're fucking with us. Admit it."  And I said "Sir, before today I never heard of a potato. I still don't know what a potato is, other than some kind of food. I don't know what to tell you." 

Well let me tell you he got very annoyed. I decided to take a bite of the potato, and when I did I made a high pitched noise and said "Taste's very strange!" 

That is when the father started yelling at me, and the mother kept saying "What are you doing?" and my girlfriend went to some other room. 

Finally the father said I should "Get the fuck out of his house" and I said it was irrational to treat me like this just because I never heard of a potato before. Well let me tell you he didn't take that kindly. 

Now in text messages I have been telling my girlfriend I really don't know what a potato is. The only way I can ever get out of this is for them to buy that I don't know what a potato is. 

I wish I never started it but I can't go back. I think she will break up with me anyway. /nSo, before I start I want to acknowledge that I am a terrible terrible person and an irresponsible pet parent. I'm pretty much posting here because I expect Reddit to tear me to pieces and I think I deserve it. Everyone I tell this story to IRL just laughs :(

This didn't actually happen today, it happened on Friday. I was in my pool throwing balls for one of my dogs, while the other watched (he doesn't like the pool, only smelly ponds will do for swimming). His name is Leo, and he is a one-year-old border collie. Bouncy and adorable and loving.

He lays down by the side of the pool and I swim over to pet him. He stays lying down. This is not normal for Leo. He is an EXCITABLE dog. Every moment is play time. If I twitch at 3am it's OMG PLAY TIME NOW?! No Leo go back to sleep. So I start calling his name and acting excited. Stays lying down. Barely opens his eyes. I start to worry, so I get out and walk back to the house. He can barely walk. Stumbling and falling to the side. I start freaking out. I get him inside and he lies down on the floor and doesn't move. He's CONSCIOUS, he hasn't collapsed, but all he'll do is open his eyes and look at me he won't get up willingly. So obviously at this point I'm freaking the fuck out. Could be heatstroke, it was a warm day. But there were no signs of it, he had plenty of water and shade, and he wasn't vomiting at all. 

So I take him to my vet. They agree he's not right and want to admit him over night. But they don't have staff there overnight and I'm worrying my brains out, so I take him to the emergency vet about 40 mins away where they have 24 hour staff. I get him settled there, and then they call me and tell me they really can't work out what's wrong, all his tests are normal. Not dehydrated, liver and kidney function are fine. Heart rate's a bit slow but not terribly. But he won't wake up and if he's forced to walk he falls.

So they say they're really worried about him, and they want me to take him to the specialists about an hour away. I inwardly cry, because my other dog has had a stay there before and it's expensive. But a pet parent's gotta do what a pet parents gotta do. So off we go.

We get to the specialist. It's about midnight by this point. I'm exhausted and tearful with worry. They admit him and send me home. Over the next few days, he has every test known to man. All normal. He has about 10 different neurological exams. Normal. He seems to be slowly improving day by day. On Monday they say I might as well take him home, he seems to be improving and they're waiting on some more tests results. Basically, there's nothing they can do right now that I can't do at home.

Over and over again they've asked if he could have gotten access to any toxins. And over and over again I say no. Nothing. He's been with me all day. I can't think of ANYTHING he could have gotten into.

Then on Monday it hit me. I had been cleaning out the outside freezer, and caught him with his head in the trash bag. I shooed him away and thought nothing of it. It was just old food with freezer burn. Nothing that could hurt him. Then I remember. I used to store edibles in that freezer. STRONG edibles. My first batch before I figured out doses. One chocolate would knock me on my ass for a day. My usual dose was 1/4 a chocolate.

He must have eaten one. The poor little fucker was high as a kite for three days.

Happy to say it's been five days now and he's right as rain. Currently demanding I throw balls for him in spite of a three hour walk this morning.

But ... fuck. I feel fucking terrible. I poisoned my dog :( poor little dude.

TL;DR dog ate edible, was high for three days, vet bill was very very expensive./nI had decided to reorganize my room some time ago and only made it about halfway through. My mom thought she would be nice and help clear out the clutter. Amongst my crap was the sex bag. What's a sex bag? I'm not sure if anyone else has been so clever, but I decided it would be easiest to have all the sex equipment my SO and I use in one central location, or one plastic grocery bag. You know, condoms, lube, wet wipes, etc.

I came home yesterday to find my room empty and sex bag relocated. She said nothing but it was clear she had seen and moved it. We're kind of even because she recently bought a vibrator on the family amazon prime account and accidentally used my credit cards. There is now an unspoken agreement between us to not mention it. My SO and best friend had a good laugh at my embarrassment. Just remember to hide your sex bags better.

TL;DR my mom found my sex bag but I also know about her recent vibrator purchase so we're even in the worst way./nBackground - My lady love (LL) and I live in a house built in the early 1900’s with mostly original everything, including the sliding no screen having windows.  We typically only crack the windows or put in temporary screens when fully open due to not wanting the cat to get out.  Further, while sleeping I’m typically in the buff unless we have visitors over - story time!

Talk about an amazing weekend... the northwest weather has been treating us well lately.  Saturday we went golfing, rode bikes to go eat and play some pinball, then basically enjoyed each other’s presence for the remainder of the day.  Sunday morning was starting off no different.  Looking forward to a quick walk and talk over some caffeine then commencing with our normal Costco run and likely some yard work, etc.

Time to get up!  After handling some normal morning routines I head to the bedroom while LL finishes her routine in the bathroom.  I try to respect the neighbors by putting on some clothes while walking around downstairs with the blinds open.  The first thing I see are my Adidas basketball shorts from the early years (these things are over 15 years old and still going strong - love em!).  I pick them up, put them on, then hop on the bed and decide to take a tour of reddit.... Here we go.....

Not 10 seconds later I feel that initial sensation you get when an itch creeps up, but on the base of the head of my dick.  (This all feels like slow motion)  I reach down to itch it and from the time I start moving my hand to the time I reached my dick the feeling went from itch to fire..  so instead of itching I pulled my dick out to observe for any visual signs of concern.  I didn’t really see anything... THE PAIN IS INCREASING!!

At this point I throw my shorts off and as soon they hit the ground I hear “BZZZZZZZZZZZZZBBZBZZ”.   

Me: “BABE!!!!”  

LL runs in asking what’s wrong. 

Me:  “I think a bee or wasp stung my dick!”

LL:  “WTH do you mean a bee or wasp stung your dick!?!”

I pointed at the buzzing shorts.  After regaining a bit of my composure I hammer fisted the shorts and confirmed that yes, yes in-fact a wasp was in my shorts and stung my dick.  

Let me say one thing, I consider myself a fairly intelligent person but LL out does me here and in many other areas.. it’s one of the main reasons I adore this lady.  Either way, aside from being a smarty pants LL doesn’t handle high stress situations very well.  At this point my eyes are bugged out and she can tell I’m a bit concerned about my dick.  She grabs her phone and googles “wasp sting dick”.  Really.... anyways, she ends up finding stories about other people’s dick’s getting stung and is laughing... she’s lost god damn site of the mission.  

Me:  “Babe.... maybe just look up wasp sting treatment”

LL:  “ohhhhhh yeahhhhhhh - sorry”

Wasp Treatment - Clean with soap, treat with vinegar for 15 min, and then ice.

Cleaning with soap - check!  LL brings me a glass of white wine vinegar....

LL: “to soak your dick....”

I have to walk into the office and close the door because I’m so damn embarrassed that I’m soaking my dick in a good drinking cup full of vinegar.  15 minutes pass and I go shower.  Pain is all but gone and there is no swelling.

As I sit here typing this up I can still smell the vinegar on my finger and can only imagine how bad my dick smells.  This little bastard isn’t going to ruin my day; I have his corpse in a sandwich baggy and he will be going with us to Costco and our other adventures.  This is just in case my dick swells to the size of a grapefruit or something.  

Well, thanks for listening and don’t forget to check your shorts!

TL;DR - Put my shorts on without checking and got my dick stung by a wasp./nToday I was sitting at a local redlight I know all too well when BAM! What do I see? A poor, unsuspecting grasshopper staring back at me from the other side of the glass. I shoot him a quick flick clicking the windshield in the process but it only ends in a throbbing fingernail. Grasshopper unphased.

Time for plan B. As the light turns green, I survey the surroundings and giddily determine that the coast is clear, passionately pushing the pedal plum into the floorboard, revving my V4 for all she’s worth, VROOOM! 10mph...15mph....my new buddy isn’t budging. As several more seconds pass and 20 turns into 25..30..35..40! Oh Crap. Blue lights. I stoically pull over, glaring at the grasshopper one last time while awaiting my fate. He smirks back with those squinty little eyes.

Uh, yes sir, I do know it’s a 25 MPH school zone. Why was I speeding? Well, tbh I was seeing how fast I could go before that grasshopper would slide off. Cop follows my gaze to the grasshopper... Looks back at me. Back at the smirking grasshopper. 4 seconds of suspenseful anticipation pass and as I’m frantically trying to come up with a better excuse, the officer interrupts my thoughts by dying with laughter. I nervously chuckle back and gratefully press onward with my business.

TL;DR Got pulled over because a grasshopper made me do it. Wouldn’t leave no matter how fast I went /nFinally, I get to post one of these! And bonus, it happened today! This is pretty much the only bright side to the whole thing, sadly.

Because I am human, I enjoy money, and I decided quite a while ago that I wanted more of it, so I started applying for other jobs. Also, because I live in the 21st century, and you can't just wander into a building and instantly become the manager anymore, I've been doing all of these applications online. So, being the good little applicant that I am, I made sure my CV was perfect and up-to-date, and made sure to write a personalised cover letter for every single job I applied for. I thought I was doing a pretty good job, except for the fact that over the past few months, I haven't even been getting any rejections any more, much less positive replies or interviews.

This continued on for several months, and all the while, my self-esteem started to plummet. A whole bunch of idiots from my high school have decent jobs! I see them on Facebook! How come I can't get one? Last week, trying to be a little less direct in my approach, I decided to email a whole bunch of recruitment agencies too...and even they didn't reply. What? I could be making you money, guys! Don't just ignore me! What are you, every girl I ever knew until age 17?

The fact that they didn't reply stirred up my curiosity. My CV is saved as a Word document, but I use an alternative program. Maybe the formatting is getting messed up and making me look unprofessional, and I can't see it on my PC? So, I decided to email my girlfriend to test it...using the Windows 10 Mail app. As I have been since probably last July.

I sent her an email with the CV attached, and the subject "Test". [This is what she received.](http://i.imgur.com/0VgvAdy.jpg) No attachments or anything. I then decided to try using the browser version of Gmail, which I haven't done in a long time. It worked perfectly.

7 fucking months, Microsoft. 7 Goddamn shitty fucking months since I've had a job interview. Eat a fucking bouquet of dicks.

**TL;DR: Microsoft broke all my fucking job applications for the better part of a year and I had no idea.**

Edit: Not suing Microsoft, guys. First, this is almost certainly my fault (I AM on TIFU, not techsupport). Second, I am English. We don't sue. We complain in the pettiest medium available to us. /nSo I'm 21 years old with a platinum edition V card. I have been trying online dating since I am somewhat of an introvert. I had only ever had 2 dates with girls I met online and they were nice, but it didn't work out. Oh well. About 2 hours ago at the time of writing this I met a girl on PoF who had her Kik username in her profile saying to contact here there because she doesn't use PoF much. I messaged her expecting another bot but to my surprise, it was a real woman. We talked for a bit and she gave off a really flirty vibe. Made me believe she was into me. This is where things started escalating... quickly...

After talking for a bit we were flirting a little and she asked me if I was horny. I jokingly said "Always lol wbu?" To which she replied "Lol same here." A minute later she sent me a back-to-the-mirror nude (with the Kik camera so I knew it was real), and asked for one back, specifically asking for my "face and dick," and that she'd pose however I wanted if I did. I agreed, and sent it. She replied "You're so hot <3" and I said she was too (because she was). She sent me a full frontal next and then said, "So what do you want to see now?" I gave my suggestion. This is where my heart sank.

The next 3 pictures she sends me are pictures of my family and I. She found me online. She showed me my full list of contacts on Facebook and this immediately transformed from a late night sexy chat session to full on cyber blackmail. She said that unless I cooperated with her then she would send the pictures I had sent her to everyone on my contacts list. She then showed me screenshots of her doing it to someone else to prove she wasn't messing around. My family and I are Christians, and we were a very close family. I couldn't even bear the thought of them seeing the shameful things I had been sending and saying. I was trapped. Or at least I thought I was.

In defeat asked her what she wanted. And she told me that I was going to sign up to her websites. I asked how many and she said don't worry about it. Just focus on this first one. She sends me a link saying, "Make sure you register through the link I sent you." I said OK let me just get on my PC, but she told me to do it on mobile. I wasn't about to argue. I clicked the link, and it was a deep web hookup site that most of us have never heard of. One of those sites where they use your CC info for your "Free" registration for age verification. Here's where I started to actually think with my \*\*head\*\* and not with my "head."

I managed to convince her that I was working on the site and that Fraud detection was blocking my card from the site (because that does happen) and for her to wait. She said to hurry up. I spent this time screen shooting everything we had said and sent to each other, including the photos of her. I was speed researching what to do in this situation legally, all while trying to figure out how I was going to explain nude pictures of me to my family, because there was no way I was putting my card on the deep web. I gathered all the information I could on her and told her that I wasn't doing it. She said "Ok. Goodnight." A minute later, she sends me a picture of her sending my nudes to my Dad over Facebook IM.

I try to collect myself for a minute, but I can't. It's 3 a.m., but this was an emergency, so I called my Mom. No answer. I leave her a voicemail explaining my situation and hung up. I called my Dad. Thank God Almighty he picked up. I explained my situation to him trying my best not to burst into tears because I could only think of how disappointed my parents were going to be with me for the rest of my life. I underestimated them. My Mom was there too and they said how I should proceed with taking my personal stuff off the web, and that they were not going to hold this over my head. They comforted me when I expected them to berate me for being so stupid. They showed me only love and understanding when I expected the opposite, and I almost burst into tears.

I am so blessed to have such a loving family. I won't be touching online dating again after this is all over.

TL;DR: I shared nudes with a girl and was cyber blackmailed. My sanity was saved by the love and understanding of my family./nToday I fucked up. There's a girl in my Ecology class. Let's call her "Madge". Madge is your go-getting try-hard holier-than-thou know-it-all with an unchanging facial expression I can only describe as "cat trying to shit a peach pit". One of those constant-frowners, and constant-downers. 

I even tried to get along with Madge at the start; I'd sit by her and try to engage her (read: humor her) with conversations in relevant topics about Ecology, such as the thrilling handedness of apes or edge-of-your-seat songbird plumage complexity, but just trying to be civil was a futile endeavour. Expecting Madge to be civil with you because you were civil with her is like expecting the lion not to eat you because you didn't eat it. Madge was born to be an asshole.

Everything you said to her was met with a "Pffft", or a dramatic roll of the eyes, and a quick retort such as "Well, if you'd actually *read* Carter et al. 2007, you would have known that..." She had to be better and smarter than everyone, at everything, all the time. And boy, that shit got real old, real quick. So I stopped sitting by her. And began to loathe her. With a pre-occupied disposition. I thought about her twice today before even writing this, that's how much I don't like her.

Fast forward to the first Capture the Flag game of the year. Being a Freshman, I thought I'd attend as a way to get out of my residence room and meet some people. The first game was at about 8:00PM, the campus was already dark, and I showed up just wearing shorts and a T-shirt. Out of 150+ people (who knew Capture the Flag was so popular?) I ended up being possibly the most under-dressed person there. Camouflage, Ghillie suits, face-paint, and black morph costumes were just some of the norm. This was like Capture the Flag Olympics. 

Teams were divided into short sleeve vs. long sleeve, and the "flags" were two bicycle lights. I began to mingle with fellow short-sleeves... and that's when I saw her. Madge. Black boots, black pants, black turtleneck, black scarf, black cap, black gloves. She was going all Call of Duty for this game -- of course. Why wouldn't she be a try-hard at Capture the Flag too? And I just knew I'd have to tag her the fuck out. This was my chance to prove I was better at something.

The first few rounds, us short-sleeves did terribly because no one stayed behind to defend, so we lost 3 rounds promptly. Each time they blew the whistle, I could hear Madge laughing. I could hear it. So I switched to defense. To prevent "camping", there was a 50 meter buffer around each "flag". Conveniently for me, there was a group of hedges 50 meters away from my flag. So I hid in the hedges.

Each time anyone from the other team tried to sneak up to our flag, I'd jump out of the hedges, startle the hell out of them, and that would give me the time I needed to run up and tag them out. I'd probably tagged out 8-10 people in about 15 minutes, when the stars aligned, and I saw her. Madge. Walking through the shadows along the side of a building, headed straight for our flag, thinking she was so sneaky with all her matching black gear. This was it. It was *my time to shine*.

But I was too excitable. I bounded from the hedges like Sea Biscuit while she was still a good 40-50 feet away. So I yelled "AAAaarrgh!" to try to emphasize the startling effect. She shrieked in surprise, but without missing a beat, she spun around 180 degrees and headed back for her "side" at a dead sprint. I then realized that if she got to her side before I caught her, she'd be "out of play" and I couldn't tag her out -- that was an impossible embarrassment, I couldn't allow it. I took off too, at a dead sprint. Like Gimli, I'm not so much for long runs, but dangerous across short distances. I was gaining on her, and now confidently puffed up, with a laugh I shouted "YOU CAN RUN IF YOU WANT, I'LL JUST CATCH YOU WHEN YOU'RE TIRED!"

The chase lasted probably 100-150 feet before she tripped on a tree root and fell pretty hard, but made no attempt to get back up. As I got closer, I realized she had stooped to a whole new low - playing the crying game, surely exaggerating an injury that would thus make my "tagging" of her distasteful. But then as I got closer still, I realized she was *really* crying, like *hysterically* crying. I was still mad, so as I got up to her I said "Crying won't fucking help", at which point she rolled on to her back and looked up at me and shouted "GET THE FUCK AWAY!". I leaned down to make eye contact and said "it's just a fucking game", to which she cocked an eyebrow and said "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?!"

And then it hit me.

I did not recognize this girl.

*This was not Madge.*

This was some girl walking to the bus station after a night class.

Horrified, mouth hanging open, the rolodex of my mind spun as I suddenly imagined what it must have been like from her perspective: a large, strange, bearded, sweaty, under-dressed man jumped out of the bushes screaming "AAARRRRrrrgh!", and when she ran, he ran too, screaming "YOU CAN RUN IF YOU WANT, I'LL JUST CATCH YOU WHEN YOU'RE TIRED", and when he saw her crying, said "Crying won't fucking help".

I wanted to apologize, I wanted to introduce myself, I wanted to explain, but all I could get out was "Hey... sorry -- it was, it's just... Hi, I'm... Hey, you know, Capture the Flag?... PLEASE DON'T CALL THE POLICE, THIS WAS ALL A MISUNDERSTANDING" and then I ran away hoping she hadn't seen enough of my face to create a composite sketch for Campus Security.

I never ended up tagging her, or Madge for that matter, and I never went back to Capture the Flag after that (I hear it may be getting cancelled) but I probably caused some seriously deep-seated anxieties about night classes that will haunt that poor girl forever.

Dear night class girl, if you're a Redditor, I am so sorry. I'm actually a pretty nice guy, really.

TL;DR - Today I fucked up by wanting to get back at a snooty know-it-all from Ecology class by chasing her down at a night game of Capture The Flag only to realize I'd chased down (and probably subsequently scarred) some girl from night class who wasn't even playing.

**EDIT:** Wow, thanks for the Reddit gold, guys - I'd say "you surprised me and popped my gold cherry" but that expression would seem to be in poor taste after my story. 

**EDIT:** I never realized how much I made it sound like she broke her neck at first. Holy shit. Also, I laughed my ass off at how many people say there's sexual tension between me and Madge. Fucking Madge.      ... But maybe there is tension. Maybe I am in love with her... holy shit MY WHOLE LIFE HAS BEEN A LIE! Jk lol I really still hate her. /nI bought a new razer kraken headset about 6-7 months ago, and at the time I didn't realise that there was a volume wheel. So I started to use it when I realised that it felt so quiet, so I unplugged them and put my shitty sony headphones back in. 

A couple of days later I plugged the headphones back in, to see if anything had changed, nothing. So I searched it up on the razer forums, there were fixes but nothing worked. So I tried to use it in game when I bent over to get a can of coke of the ground, when I accidentally turned up the volume wheel, not knowing I had done this, I thought it was awesome. But about an hour later, somehow I accidentally turned it back down, and I thought it had broken itself again.

Skip ahead six months or so, and I plug them in again because why not, and I realise there's a volume wheel. I turn it up, working. Good as new. And I spent the rest of the day feeling like the biggest idiot.

TL;DR Bought a new headset, didn't realise there was a volume wheel. Thought the headset was broken because the volume wheel was turned all the way down. Six months later, I realise the problem and feel like an idiot. 

 Edit: omg thanks for all the internet points.
/nSo bonus points because this actually happened today but the story starts about a week and a half ago. 

Day one: I am lactose Intolerant, and I had a stomach ache, no big deal I probably ate something I shouldn't have. No harm done.

Day 4: stomach ache is still there. I'm a medical professional, I realized that my abdomen on my right lower side was what hurt. Wrote it off as having too much ice cream.

Day 6: I thought to myself it could be appendicitis, but I shrugged it off because appendicitis is supposed to be super painful right? This was like 4/10. 

Day 7:  I realized I had a lump near my anus, I thought huh that's not good, probably just a hemorrhoid, I've had a few before no biggie.

Day 9: this hemorrhoid is the most  painful one I've ever had, 6/10 I'll pick up some cream and Advil long lasting relief capsules from Target should be able to push right through.


Day 11:  I start my vacation tomorrow and am going out of town, (I work in a hospital for context) well that hemorrhoid is really starting to hurt at this point, like a 7/10. So I go work thinking okay I can get a doctor to look at the hemorrhoid and give me some ointment or steroids. 

Well I'm not having a vacation now, because I'll be in the hospital for a few days. Apparently my appendix ruptured a week ago and I just figured it was a stomach ache. Turns out that hemorrhoid was actually pain from the appendix ruptured radiating. The doctor told me that if I didn't come to the hospital within the next couple of days I'd be dead. 

TlDR; having a high pain tolerance finally has a downside, didn't realize my appendix blew up until way too late. Ruined my vacation.

Sorry for format I'm on mobile, I'm also on Dilaudid and morphine (one then the other) so please go easy on me. Credit to my girlfriend who begged me to go to the hospital before vacation, I was going to hold off till after a 2 week vacation that I would have died on.


Update: so I had a few people question why I felt Pain by my anus and how was a lumped formed? So I talked to a surgeon who finally spend the time explaining it, when my appendix ruptured it caused everything else to inflame. The lump I was feeling was pus caused by the colon and gravity causes it to go down.



UPDATE 2: apparently I have Crohn's disease :/ lots of pain at the moment. I'll update once everything is for sure./nSo I'll start by saying that this happened years ago while I was still a teenager in high school.

I was dating a lovely lass, we'll call her Amanda, for just over two months. Her family went on a yearly trip to a roller coaster theme park.  It was roughly three hours away.  They invited me along and offered to pay for everything.  Honestly it was a great time.

 We left for our trip at around 2:30-3:00a.m. So we slept sitting in the back seat for most of the ride.  The park was a blast. Short lines, decent weather.  There from open to close. Afterwards we stayed the night in a Holiday Inn and left in the morning to return home. 

We were riding in Amanda's dad's company car. It was a white 2005 Cadillac sedan.  It was roomy but still not so much as to lay down unimpeded while sharing the back seat. Amanda's parents were in the front. Her dad was driving and she decided she was ready to nap. She put her head in my lap facing me and curled up in the rest of the bench style seat. 

She rested awhile but I guess she got bored and decided to play a road trip game to pass the time.  I wasn't aware we were going to play.  Amanda started sneakily caressing my manhood with the hand under her "snoozing" head. I responded physiologically rather soon, as teenage boys will do, and quickly outgrew my pants.  

Now, of course, I was nervous. I could see her parents and was occasionally engaging in small talk. Through the rearview mirror they could check back and see my face but not much lower. Amanda was wearing a hoodie with hood up and was laying mostly still.  All of this only added to the excitement though.  The risk was a reward to my adolescent mind and I sincerely doubted any repercussions.  

Anyways, my pants had seemingly shrunk and Amanda, having noticed my discomfort, took it upon herself to free me of their constraint.  Now feeling the fresh air was a relief but risk increased exponentially and so did the thrill.  Amanda must've felt exactly the same way.  So with thrill increased the obvious solution was to hide my exposed member in her mouth. I was not against this one bit. However I did have to bite my lip to stifle any verbal agreement to her action. 

We may have been young, and maybe because I was young, but Amanda was a goddess from the lips in. Every move she made was the exact right move.  There's something alpha and strange about seeing the back of someone's head while exploring the back of their daughter's head.  

So there I am.  Trying to look natural in case they use the rearview mirror.  Biting my lip, eyes wide open, mostly holding my breath.  Looking natural.  There she is. Looking asleep.  Head slowly bobbing.  Wet, soft, occasional, gagging noises.  Normal sleep stuff. I'm starting to get close.  Like three minutes in.  Severe lasting power for my teenage self. 

We had developed little signals for this situation.  The orgasm situation.  Not the blown near parents situation.  Worked for both thankfully.  Little double tap on her shoulder to alert her of incoming baby babies. Lucky for me she was of the habit of consuming these salty potentials. Which also was advantageous to this situation.  

Here's the fuck up.  I'm starting to climax.  Trying to summon lady gaga's best poker face. Holding my breath and turning red. I imagine my eyes rolled up into my skull for a brief moment because everything went black. I uttered a single soft grunt. The pivotal fuck up was less than a syllable. I re-focused on the mirror to find her father quizzically looking at me.  In less than two seconds, I'm not even through my throes, I fucked this entirely enjoyable situation up. With less than a syllable. 

I saw realization come across his eyes. Followed by anger. I hear a mutter of, "wtf?" I try to pull her head up just a bit. She slams back down in an attempt to contain catastrophe. However some little bit of catastrophe escaped.  A dime sized drop of milk gooey catastrophe landed just behind her hood. In plain sight of dad. 

Risk or danger tend to make sexual events that much more exciting.  It makes them feel explosively more intense.  Getting caught does not feel that way.  It's like coming to the brink of orgasm and then getting shot in the nutsack with a bb gun after the first gush. 

That little dime sized bit of full confirmation meant that I had to find my own way home.  No yelling. No berating. Just, "Get out." And I did just that. 

TL;DR

I got head in the back of a car that was being driven by the girl's parents and was caught just as I finished.  

Edit: Thanks kind stranger for the gilding./nDisclaimer: I initially posted this in r/teenagers an hour ago

Background Info:

My (17M) GF (17F) have been dating for 7 months as of today. We're our first actual bf/gfs to each other. Since we couldn't do anything special for our 6 months due to a scheduling issue we decided to do something special today. That special thing was sex - losing our virginities to each other.

What happened?

Our parents are pretty strict. Her mom is sort of accepting of us as a couple, and her dad thinks that I'll turn her into a slut. She's Asian. My parents on the other hand don't know about the relationship at all because if I told them, they'd probably force me to break up cause dating "isn't something that I should be doing at this age". Up until this point today I have never been in my girlfriend's house because of how her dad is. Today both of her parents left for a trip in a city four hours away in the States (we live in a border town in Canada) and we thought that it would be the perfect opportunity to fuck while they were gone. Oh boy, we were very wrong.

Half an hour after her parents leave the house, I arrive and at first we just cuddled on the couch watching TV. Suffice it to say, it escalated from there, clothes were taken off, and a condom packet opened. I won't really get into the details cause it doesn't matter anyway. While on the couch, fucking we noticed a blue light shining across the room, turns out the in-home camera was activated (her family has one of those Xiaomi in-home camera systems that light up when someone is checking the feed). We stoped - knowing we were fucked. At this point we disconnect the camera thinking it was just auto recording or some shit, and tried to figure out how to wipe the video from the cloud using the Xiaomi app on her phone. Turns out, it wasn't recording, it was something way worse - her parents wanted to check on the house from her phone.

We put our clothes back on, and we both burst out crying. We know that her parents would do something bad. 20 minutes later her parents arrive (they turned away from thei journey) and a lot of yelling happened. Her mother seemed to be more understanding, and liked that I put on a condom, but her father literally chased me out of the house, threatened to get a restraining order on me, and grounded my girlfriend.

TL;DR: Decided to fuck gf in her house, we forgot about the live cameras, and her parents found out. We're fucked.

Edit: Spelling

Edit 2: HOLY SHIT THIS BLEW UP OVERNIGHT. I JUST WOKE UP TO ALL THESE UPVOTES/COMMENTS/MESSAGES AAA. THANKS FOR MY FIRST SILVER BTW

Edit 3: My first gold aaa. Ok I will start replying to stuff now

Edit 4: Thanks for my first platinum. I'm currently replying to the PMs, will reply to comments a bit later. And since many are asking, I'm Eastern European

Edit 5: I would prefer if people who messaged me didn't ask about weird shit like the details of the sex, pictures of me and her, video of me fucking her and that sort of thing

Edit 6: No, I won't call the cops on them or sue them. That would be a weak case. Technically they have the right to have those cameras and since they put them there not for the purpose of recording their daughter fucking her bf but for pets this would never fly in court. Pretty sure they're not getting off the recording/live stream. Most likely they saw the live stream for a second, and decided to turn back home. Furthermore, in Canada it's the crown (government) that sues for criminal offenses such as CP, and not the individual. This is a shit situation but you can't really go to court cause of this./nThis happened about 3 hours ago... Be me, 29 years old male, living in probably the most corrupted country in the world (Venezuela).  So just to give you some background, Venezuela is in a very difficult situation, political and economical,  the majority of us want to get rid of this corrupted government and we have elections in a fee days so tension is palpable in the streets, police and military are corrupted as fuck (you can buy weapons such as grenades or sub machine guns to them,  etc etc) basically hate is in the air. So, I was in a traffic jam, one of the many we have daily when the hunger hit me, I had a big bag of Doritos in my car so I decided to eat, I have a gastric bypass and can't eat that much, I was eating with my window open when a motorcycle with 2 military officers (low rank) stand beside me waiting for their turn to pass, I see the guy in the back literally drooling looking at the Doritos so "why not? I won't eat this much" I offer him the bag and he didn't hesitate to take it with a very big smile and thanking me.... 20 seconds later the shit storm!!!! The driver next to me gets out of his car screaming "you fu*king thieves! Let the guy alone he have done nothing to you"  (he thought I was being black mailed and I got asked for money inside the bag wich is one of many ways for them to get paid black mailing you),  I get out of the car to explain that it wasn't money but hell no,  the military officer that was driving told me in not a such a pleasant way to stay inside the car that he could handle it....  He gets down the bike and goes to the guy that was screaming baton in hand when all of a sudden no less than 20 people are surrounding him screaming "thief!!!! Oppressor!!! Go to hell"  and start punching him. Military #2 gets downy to help his friend and getting punched and screamed he managed to get military #1 in the bike and proceed to drive as fast as he could... Everyone get to their cars and guy #1 gets to me Doritos in hand "here's your money".....  Now I have back my Doritos in my car and sadness in my heart for how deep this society has fallen... 


But I have half a bag of Doritos to eat in the traffic jam tomorrow and I have that going for me wich is nice. 

TL;DR: 2 military officers got their ass kicked for a bag of Doritos I gift them. 

Edit: sry for my bad English. 

Edit 2: WOW we are the #2 in the front page, Im very glad you guys enjoyed my TIFU and at the same time I feel kind of sad because it is true. But still #2 with half a bag of Dor... Corn Chips with cheese flavor.

Edit 3: the "Venezuelan Doritos guy"  http://i.imgur.com/dhwtWCy.jpg

Edit 4: Thx to /r/RokutenVerzwei for the heads up about a guy using my photo claiming im one of the terrorists on the Mali terrorist attack, Original message "Hey there's a guy over /r/Worldnews using your photo saying it's was a pic released by the police in the ongoing Mali Terrorist Attack. Here's the link http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3tjopx/gunfire_explosions_hostage_situation_as_jihadists_attack_luxury_radisson_hotel_in_mali__reports/cx6tdl9
Go there ASAP."  If you guys could go there and report that guy I would gladly appreciate it./nEver throw something and know the very instant it left your hand that the throw was good..? sensational even?

&#x200B;

Last week while being lazy, trying to nap like a good "dad on duty" should, I experienced just that. I heard a scream come from my 4 year old's room.. I slothily carried myself to the commotion to find him in a pool of tears, screaming that his older brother had thrown a toy through the window from outside and hit him in the face.

*"Pretty good throw"* I thought to myself as I peeked out the window, my adrenal glands starting to kick some dust off.

"CHILD's NAME" I yell, my smug little 6 year old is jogging across our field, trying to act inconspicuous.

**"DO NOT. THROW TOYS. AT YOUR BROTHER!"**

The following actions I took were inexplicable. I grabbed the small hard (HARD) plastic butterfly, perhaps out of frustration, or dad-mode protection, and beamed it back out the window, in the general direction of my running 6 year old. Surely without the intent of hitting him, perhaps just to show my frustration? A million year old instinct to assert my dominance? I could never make a shot like that. Not in a thousand tries. He was at least 40 meters away, running perpendicular to me, his smug, older brother face looking in my direction, as if I didn't know what he had done. I would never be able to beam a moving smugface like that, too many variables.

*By god* as it rolled off the tip of my finger. I knew. IT WAS *GOOD*.

I knew before it left my hand, I knew mid-stroke, hell; I knew before breakfast yesterday. My son was getting drilled.

&#x200B;

Before that toy left my fingers, I saw police, handcuffs, search warrants. I saw my courtroom, a stern judge and an unforgiving jury. No posted bail. No commissary. A life sentence. Supervised visits in 20 years if I'm lucky. I saw my whole life pass me in an instant, I looked through the crowd for a friendly face, none to be found. Not even my best friend, my wife, was there to support me. I felt that throw for a lifetime.

&#x200B;

Fast forward a half a stroke and I Knew. *Jesus I* ***knew. IT. IS. GOOD.***

&#x200B;

The smell of the turf, the cheering crowd, the stadium lights. Last 10 seconds of the game, 3 points down on the 10 yard line. I spent all season playing catch on the sideline, waiting for the starter to get injured. Now was my shot. A hail Mary, 80 yard play is our only chance. I beam the ball with all my might and I knew. I feel the outer body euphoria when you just *KNOW.* The ball sails to its target, the crowd knows now too, they go wild, game over! Home team wins the championship!

&#x200B;

He knows as well. He knows better than I do. His life is over. In that split instant we had a conversation, he and I:

*Why Dad, why?*

***Because. You don't. Throw toys. At your brother.***

*But dad, I promise I'm sorry okay? please don't do it daddy...!*

***It's too late for that son. I already pulled the trigger. You're done and you know it.***

His bottom lip trembles as he realizes I'm right. No more second chances. Game over. Dad wins. He's taking that plastic butterfly to the forehead, dead center, and nothing can change it.

&#x200B;

3/4 throw and I'm in the VIP room later that evening, feet kicked up, sipping top shelf champagne, surrounded by teammates, close friends and women on either side. My post game press conference is playing on the TV, along with the highlight reel. I laugh at how stupid I look in a suit. Who cares. I AM THE MVP. I'll be damned if I spend another season on the sidelines. They shall rue the day they sidelined me. It crosses my mind that I may have made the best throw i*n history. I KNEW.*

A mile of airtime and WAP. Dead center, kill shot. Chris Kyle slaps me on the back. Smugface wails and drops to the ground. Dead.

"Do not. Throw toys. At your brother."

The flag is draped over me as I make my exit, and return to my throne to nap.

&#x200B;

Suddenly several security guards come in through the beaded doorway, along with two police officers. All official and serious looking.

The head of security approaches me, deep concern consumes his face. He hastily presents a cell phone to me, a hand over the receiver portion, to mask our words.

&#x200B;

"Hey kid, remember that toy you threw?"

"***How could I forget... The whole world remembers!"***

"Well.. your wife is on the phone, and she is not happy...."

&#x200B;

I take the phone, although fear filled the room, I walked not in fear, She would understand. She too would love the MVP.

&#x200B;

"*ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR FRIGGIN MIND?! WHAT DID YOU DO TO ZANDIPUS?!"*

"***Babe, babe, babe.. let me just say; I have an amazing story to tell you...."***

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Threw a dense plastic toy a ridiculous distance in the direction of my kid.. gave his face a schoolin.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Sorry if you don't appreciate the writing style. I wanted to create something that captured that special moment, I think this post has more context than anything I've ever written or read.

&#x200B;

EDIT 2 / Update: due to popular demand, here's the rundown of the aftermath. It smoked him straight in the forehead, he dropped, he cried, and I felt TERRIBLE. I told my wife and she was really not too upset. It was the gray area between freak accident and awful parenting. I showed her this post and she laughed all the way through. She thought it was great. Of all the positive and negative feedback this received, hers was absolutely the most important to me. 

Anyways to the English majors and writers out there, I think you have to grasp that it's not a build up to climax, or even a carefully formulated story-line. more so a magnification of the euphoria felt when you make a decent throw. I wrote this in 30 minutes tops, without an agenda or writing staff. I had no clue it would grab so many experienced ears. I would go back and change it had I known it would blow up. Can't really do that now, as a major edit feels unethical. Thank you all for the kind words and positive feedback. I'll try harder next time. 

Also, I am not a writer. 

 /nThrowaway, blablabla here goes. This TIFU is only about 2 hours ago, situation still developing. Any advice is welcome.

CONTEXT: So I've been dating this amazing woman for almost 4 years. Went to the same Uni, graduated together, lost virginities together, and we've been having an amazing relationship both in physical and emotional sense. I came from a secular family and she comes from a very religious family, though she's having doubts about religions as of late. My parents have been very good to my GF, but her parents don't like me very much because of racial and political reasons and because they know I'm not really a religious person. But still, my GF stuck with me ever since even though her parents doesn't ever stop badmouthing me (if you want to know my GF's parents' behavior, try reading up r/raisedbynarcissists and r/JUSTNOMIL).

I've collected a fair amount of porn photo collection, particularly the artsy ones (MetArt, X-Art etc) and have been wanting to photograph my GF in a similar sense. Due to her having discovered her sexual sides, she agrees and actually enjoys having to pose according to my whims.

It's been about 2 years since we've been doing this and so far nothing slips by - we're very careful about the risks of our photos leaking out. That is until today.

My GF have been using this beater old phone, and she recently switched to a newer mid-range phone. She gave her old phone to her little sister who's still living with her parents. 

So we booked an amazing AirBNB on our days off, and started taking photos with my GF's new phone. Then I started editing the pictures in Google Photos, not realizing what I've been doing. Then we relaxed, cooked some french fries and watched Godfather 2. Then my GF got a call from my parents, sounding furious, and my GF started crying. Her parents demanded why does she have very explicit pictures with me, whom they disapprove since day one. Her parents told my GF that GF's little sister got our nude photos, and forwarded it to them.

In a panic, we begin searching our social media posts, fearing that we shared our photos by mistake. Instagram? Nope, our friends didn't see anything in our posts or instastory. Whatsapp/Facebook? Nope, we didn't post anything, nothing at all. Then a bulb turned off in my head, and I looked to GF's Google Photo settings and GF's Google Account setting in the web. To my absolute horror, her old phone, which have been given to her little sister, still have access to every data that my GF have, including passwords, 2-Factor Authentication, emails, and worst, Google Photo back up and sync photos. 

What GF didn't realize is she forgot to log off her Google Account in her old phone. In order for her photos to be always backed-up, she turned on the synchronization in her Google Photos app in both phones. If you're familiar with Google Photos, or if you work in IT, you know where this is going.

You see, every time I take a picture with the new phone, those pictures shows up in the old phone now belonging to GF's little sister. So now, her parents are furious with her and me, suspecting that I've just been using her for sexual purposes and trying to get her pregnant, and now they're coming to my GF's place (which is 4 hours apart from their home) demanding explanations. Now, I love this girl to death, so I've been preparing mentally to talk with her parents about all this. I guess the only silver lining is that our photos didn't leak out to our friends/colleagues/public. Wish me luck guys.

TLDR: Google Photos sync accidentally shared my GF's explicit photo in her phone with her little sister's phone, who told her parents. Now her parents is coming to town and I've been preparing to face the nuclear fallout.

edit: after 6 months, here's an update:
https://old.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/c472yo/tifu_update_by_accidentally_shared_nude_photos_of//n*I've posted this on AmItheAsshole and everyone on that thread kept telling me to post here so be aware because I don't want you to read this again!*


I met this girl on Tinder and we really hit it off. I asked her out on a date to a cozy restaurant in our small town (Gainesville, FL). 

I had to take the bus there (my moped broke down last week which is another story of its own) and she lived close the restaurant so it was convenient. 

The date was going ok. It was kind of awkward at first because we just talked about the cold weather for 5 minutes -- so I decided to break the tension. A while ago, I heard about a life pro-tip where  if you order French fries at a restaurant  without salt, they have to make a fresh batch for you. I've been to this restaurant before and the guac is really good on some days and ok on other days. 

When the waitress came in, we ordered chips and guac. I then asked the waitress, "Does the Guac have onions?" To which she responded, "Yes, it does".  I then proceeded to tell her, "I have an extremely severe allergy to onions, can we get guac with no onions?" I told her I have an extremely severe allergy so she doesn't just take the guac they currently have and remove the onions; this forces them to make a fresh batch from scratch. After the waitress left, my date asked me, "are you really allergic?" To which I said "no :D, but this way, we get fresh guac". She was pretty impressed like "damn, I'm stealing this one". When the guac came in, I asked her to give us onions on the side for my date. 

The rest of the date went well. We ordered some drinks first and then food later. What I forgot to do when I was ordering food was to tell her not to put any onions in my food. When I got my dish, I took about 2-3 bites and the waitress came running to me frantically saying that there are onions in the food!! She thought it was her fault for not mentioning it to the chefs. I didnt know how to react so I just kind of dropped the food from my mouth and into the plate. Her superior walks in during this time and he's asking if everything is ok so I tell him that I forgot to mention not to put onions and that I have a severe allergy. 

The first thing the manager does is apologize profusely and then ask if he should call an ambulance.  

(Side note: I don't have any allergies at all and neither does anyone in my family or any of my friends. I have no idea what a severe allergic response looks like, but I know that it like swells up your face and for some reason, I thought it makes you cough a lot, I don't know why I thought that.) 

Cutscene to now: I start kind of coughing, but assure him that everything is going to be fine. I tell him, "I barely got any onions in the bite". My date at this time went from kind of giggling a bit (when the waitress came in) to just straight up serious after all the attention just turned to us. I told them not to worry about calling an ambulance, and that I'm okay enough to go to the emergency room myself. I asked for the check but they insisted on me not paying. (Not like we ate anyway) but I still left a $20 for the waitress and assured her and the manager that it was only my fault and not the waitresses fault at all. 

After leaving, my date was half-wtf and half-laughing at the stupidity of this whole thing. I shot my shot and asked her if she'd just like to grab pizza over at her place, but she said she has to study. Now it is important to note that the bus stop where I grab my bus to go home is RIGHT OPPOSITE THE RESTAURANT. I'm sitting there looking at cats fetching stuff on Reddit when the supervisor pulls up in his car at the stop. He thinks that I am taking the bus to the emergency room.  

He kept insisting that he drop me to the emergency room. He felt responsible and didnt want anything to happen to me. I finally gave up and told him , "Okay". In my head, I thought I'd just let him drop me there and then I'll take an uber back home. However, we get there AND HE WANTS TO COME IN TO MAKE SURE EVERYTHING IS OK.  I'm like hey man, trust me, IM OKAY. Nothing is going to happen to me. You can leave. It was so awkward. We were parked and he kept asking if I'm sure and I'm like yes I'm sure don't worry, please leave you dont have to come in with me. 

At the end he said he'd just walk me in, use the restroom and leave. We walk in the emergency room and I'm the only person there. Great. I had to walk to the nurse and tell her that I might be having a slight allergic reaction. Supervisor uses the restroom and asks again if everything is fine and I'm like yes, everything is going to be okay. "Thank you so much for everything." He gives me his number and tells me to inform him once I'm out. 

Here I am. A healthy 25 year old adult. Having to pay $500 to visit a fucking emergency room for no fucking reason: http://imgur.com/tfU3k5g
Another nurse came up to me to take my vitals and the doctor asked what was wrong and I had to sheepishly tell him, "I think I might have been having an allergic reaction". He says, "Are you allergic to anything?" And I go "No". 

He gave me a benadryl and sent me out. I then spent another $25 to Uber home. I told what happened to my friend and she said I was the worst kind of asshole. I learned my lesson and will never pretend to have an allergy again. 

TL;DR: Pretended to have an allergy to get fresh guac to impress my date. Got served the food I was fake allergic to, and was forced to visit the ER. 

Edit: I guess I'm George Costanza now. Sorry everyone. What would George Costanza do in this situation? /nThis happened last week but am still brooding over it 24/7 so hoping getting it off my chest may help...

So anyway, work in quite a large office building. One of those offices shared by multiple companies. We have normal male and females bathrooms but also one unisex bathroom which only has a single toilet and the unspoken rule is that it is female only. I believe in equality so disregard this rule regularly.

I always check to make sure the coast is clear and press my ear against the door before exiting to make sure I don't hear any footsteps in the corridor.

So one of my regular uses of this bathroom is to expel any unwanted gas. My office room is mostly women so being a gentlemen I never pass in that confined space. I go to the unisex bathroom, blow my trumpet and return with no one the wiser.

I sensed a disturbance from the depths so headed for the bathroom as usual. I was on the edge of erupting so had to sprint walk with every muscle clenched. In haste, I forgot to lock the door behind me.

Now when I expel I also like to pull down my pants and underwear because I am always mindful of the smell clinging to the fabric of my clothes and hanging around with you for most of the day. Probably paranoia but better safe than sorry. I pull down my pants and launch. Was a great one. A perfect B flat minor.

I peered over my shoulder because it felt a little harder to pass than usual. Sitting on the floor was a little poo nugget. Not too large, maybe the size of a medium strawberry.

That's when my life changed forever. I heard the door handle jiggle before it swung open.

There I was, naked from the waist down looking over my shoulder at a piece of my own shit.

It was a small Asian woman. She looked at me, then at the poo and then back at me. Pale as a ghost. She quickly shut the door as I heard her heels scurry back down the corridor.

She's not with my company but I still recognized her from the break room. For a week now I haven't left my office. I don't want to see her and feel like she's told everyone and they won't stop staring at me. I like this job but part of me wants to skip town and never return. This is what you get for being chivalrous!

TL;DR A female co-worker walked in on me in the unisex toilet just as I had accidentally pooped on the floor after trying to pass gas. /nSo today about 5 minutes before my shift started, I was looking at the desk in the back and realized a small circular object that looked like an alien. It had two eyes, then a mouth that was pretty small at the bottom of it. Stupid me, not knowing what the fuck it was decides to press both of the buttons to see if it did anything or what it was, and the mouth part of the object lit up red for a second. Holding it in my hand, my manager walks past and I say:


 "hey Kyle, what's this thing?"


His eyes go into panic mode and says "whatever you do, do not press that button." 


I'm like "well what is it?" 


"It's the silent alarm, put it back." 


I just think oh fuck. "Umm, I kinda pressed it like 2 minutes ago." 


"Wait are you being serious?"


"Yeah, fuck."


He goes and tells my other manager and they're like well shit, they know the cops are gonna show up any second since even if we called them they are required to come anyways. To add to this, before they come in they are supposed to call the store to check to see if it was a false alarm or if we didn't answer there was actually an emergency. Well guess what, our phone system was down today so we couldn't receive calls. 


A few minutes later as I'm working, all of my coworkers and managers start looking outside like holy shit. I'm like "what?" Turns out the whole perimeter was being surrounded by law enforcement. Nothing happens for a couple more minutes until a whole fleet of cops flood the building. One of them starts talking with my managers while the others start searching the whole restaurant. Everyone in the building eating was like "what the actual fuck is going on." After the whole situation was explained everything was resolved and they all left, but boy was it a fuck up on my part. Lesson learned? Don't push random buttons at work. 


To add even more to this, two of the cops who raided the place earlier came in a few hours later to get something to eat. I obviously gave them their food for free and they were really happy about that. One of them asks me "so who was the fucker who set off the alarm?" I was just like "umm, that would be me officer" and start explaining the story of how it happened. They were both laughing, said it was fine and that it happens all the time (surprisingly). They were just happy they got some free dinner, and I'm glad I could make their night a little better :)


TLDR: Pressed a random button at work that ended up being the silent alarm, SWAT team surrounded the perimeter and raided the building, came back and got some free food later. 


Edit: you guys are probably right in saying it wasn't the SWAT team, I didn't know any better but I remember there being maybe 5 cops inside and more outside VERY heavily armed (way more armed than I've seen normal cops). Either way it was defiantly a spectacle to watch.


Edit 2: Here's a picture of the alarm that I clicked - https://imgur.com/a/26QjV you can see how it kinda looks like an alien/toy. Credit to /u/screamingfurby for finding that pic, I was going to just take a picture of it at work tomorrow but now you guys don't have to wait. /nSo, I've been missing my leg for four years now. I've adapted quite well. I get around just fine with a prosthetic.

However, when I'm at home in my small apartment, I prefer to crawl short distances instead of going through the hassle of putting my prosthetic on. It's jut more convenient that way.

So last night we had some company over to watch scary movies, and I read everyone a few short submissions to /r/nosleep. Everyone was pretty spooked before we went to bed. Two friends of mine slept on the couch, and one of them was someone we have never had over before. So this individual had never seen me crawl without my leg on. To describe it, I kind of move like a very slow cheetah who's missing a hind leg. Like a tri-pod crawl, if that makes sense. So, I suppose it can be unsettling if you're not expecting it. 

In the middle of the night/early morning, I decide to leave my room for a drink. I didn't turn the hall light on so I wouldn't disturb my sleeping guests. There's just enough light coming from the light above the sink to guide me where I needed to go. As I'm turning the corner to enter the kitchen, I see a figure and I hear "OH SHIT WHAT THE FUCK", next thing I know, I'm getting kicked in the face. 
I suppose my friend recognized my foul mouth screaming back at him, because then he turned the light on and started apologizing profusely. 

TL;DR: I crawled through my apartment without my prosthetic leg, my friend thought I was a demon and started kicking me in the face.  


EDIT: A lot of people are asking why I don't just hop. Well, in the accident that took my leg, I also maintained compound fractures in all the long bones in my remaining leg, causing the my femur, tibia, and fibula too all be replaced by titanium rods. Hopping on such a leg causes too much stress and pain to my remaining knee cap. 
Even without those injuries though, it's usually not recommended for any amputee to hop as a frequent mode of transport, even for short distances. /nThis happened yesterday and Im still horrified and laughing about it. Im an ultrasound tech. I had a patient come in for an ultrasound because he has some swelling in one of his testicles. The normal procedure is I leave the room, he takes off his pants and underwear and lays on the exam table and covers up with a sheet. I come back in the room and place a towel over his groin while pulling down the sheet. He remains covered. I place another towel over his legs below the testicles. This keeps only the testicles exposed during the procedure. 


Everything good so far. The scan involves checking each testicle as well as the surrounding area. For the most part this is just place and, get image, repeat. As Im working, I can see he is slightly uncomfortable and keeps moving. It's not uncommon for men to get an erection. Typically I ignore it but this guy is shifting enough that Im not able to get images. I say "Don't worry about it. It's normal but I need you to hold still."


He settles down and I continue. The towel is bulging enough that I can tell he still has the erection. I need images of the urethra so I am checking his shaft also. Yep still hard. OK so this guy is hot! I have an attractive man laying on the table with no pants and an erection covered by nothing more than a bulging towel while my hand is rubbing a wand along the length of his erection. No big deal Im a professional. I finish and start to put the machine away but between his moving and my nervousness I don't realize that the cord is under the edge of the towel. The towel starts to slide off as I pull so I reach down to stop it. Im reaching between the bed and the ultrasound machine and lose my balance. I have a hold of the towel as I start to fall and rip it off. A blob of what I hope is lube from the ultrasound catapults up and hits me in the face as Im bent over. Not thinking, I use the towel that is already in my hand to wipe myself off. As Im wiping my face on this guy's loin cloth I get a good view of him. After a moment I realize that Im just staring at his extremely large and very erect penis. He is completely exposed but afraid to cover himself because I already got onto him for moving earlier. I start to apologize. I meant to say something along the lines of "oh my God Im so sorry". Instead what comes out is "wow impressive". I mentioned Im professional right?


I lay the towel back over him, fumble to put the machine away and tell him to get dressed and open the door when he is done. He tries to tell me it's no big deal when he was leaving but I was so embarrassed that I couldn't even make eye contact.


Edit: I'm not sure why this became so popular. There is a lot of mix between 'you made his day' and 'you should be fired'. I admit it was a mistake and I didn't intend to say something. I hope I didn't make him uncomfortable with my comment. I reported it to my supervisor though and was (am) willing to accept the consequences. I admit it was a mistake on my part. Yes I'm female. No I wasn't trying to brag that women get away with abuse. Yes I'm human and make mistakes. Yes I apologized to the man several times for both my comment and for my clumsiness. He wasn't upset when he left the office but if he files a complaint then I will understand and I will live with it. No I did not ask him out. No I will not call him from his file. I have to get ready for work now. I will either reply to more comments or delete this post entirely later. I wasn't trying to create unwanted attention for this man or make light of the situation. I was still horrified by it when I posted so thank you to those that supported me because you helped me relax over the situation but I don't consider that permission to do it again. Thank you strangers for the gold/silver/platinum.


Edit2: Quick update over lunch break because this has taken off so much. I expected 20 people to read it and along. My supervisor pulled me off one of my appointments earlier and called me into his office where other hospital personnel were waiting. I knew what was coming next. After I reported the incident my supervisor filed a report. This kicked off a whole process which included someone reaching out to the patient proactively for damage control. The good news is that the guy isn't upset. He had no clue why they were calling him and they said he started laughing when they explained. He was apparently apologizing to them and thought it was a waste of their time. He said and this is the best part that if he has to come back he hopes I'll be there. :) The bad part is I had to sign some forms for the hospital and was reminded that I need to be more careful. I feel I got lucky because this could have been much worse. 


TL;DR I saw a patients penis and rather than apologize I told him it was impressive./nWhen I was in 8th grade science class we had to draw and create our own land mass in order to demonstrate our understanding of wind patterns, low and high pressures, etc. I thought of the idea to make the island in the shape of a dick. Our group drew it out. Of course we were smart enough to make it resemble a dick but not entirely, we made sure to make it curvy on the sides, edges where the balls were, stuff like that... but it clearly was a dick. We added tornadoes near the balls to look like pubes, added futures like 'seamen lake' and 'crabs port'. We finished and wrote the amazing title, "PENN ISLAND", or Pennis Land. We wrote it in big, bold, letters at the top and turned it in. A couple days later our science teacher called my group up to his desk... uh oh... but, we we were not in trouble. Instead he said something along the lines of, "I would like to put this out in the hall, this is really great work". Amazed, we all in unison agreed. For months our Penn Island was out in the hall, everyone saw it, everyone laughed and giggled. But the teachers never noticed until one day a parent called the school saying her daughter had told her about Penn Island. Eventually he called our group up after class and told us about it. Then out of no where, he started crying... he apologized for letting us get into trouble, he explained how its his job to keep kids from getting in trouble. HE apologized to US. He said it was his fault. To this day I still feel bad for him, it was never his fault. He was a good guy. The funny part was when we played dumb with him and he had to explain to us why "Seamen Port" was inappropriate.

Oh yeah, I ended up getting suspended for a day (the vice principal said I was very clever (one of my proudest moments)). Only me though, since my asshole group members made a plan to blame it all on me... fuck them. 

TL;DR I drew an island in the shape of a dick for a project and it sat in the hall for months without anyone noticing, eventually a parent found out... leading to my suspension.

EDIT: No, I don't have a picture of it. But here is what it basically looked like. The shaded part was brown, and the rest of Penn Island was green. The original was on a 4ft x 4ft paper poster haha. (Yes, those mini islands at the top are exactly what you think) 

 http://imgur.com/hlc1aGy

/nSo this happened this morning and I'm going to post this on an alt account because people know my main one lmao.

This morning, like every morning, I took a shower. I woke up kinda late, and was real hungry, so I went straight from the shower to the kitchen to make myself a sandwich.

I was wearing only my towel because I'm a lazy shit and no one's home. As I'm grabbing the sandwich shit, the house cat is rubbing up against my legs. Now, a note on this cat - I hate it. I hate it SO MUCH. It isn't cuddly, its real bitey, and it also fucking hates me back just as much. And now, because food is involved, it wants to be MY FRIEND. Fuck you, housecat. FUCK YOU.

I get this idea in my head that it would be hilarious to hotbox the cat with a fart. I can trap it under the towel since it's right there under me and she will literally not know what is about to be unleashed. I put my sandwich shit down and I commit to the plan, because I'm a fucking retard.

So I squat down a bit, because I want a nice seal using the beach towel as sort of shower curtain against the floor. I want this shit HERMETIC. Fuck YOU, cat.

In position, I'm giggling, mostly naked in the kitchen, about to fart on a cat. I release the hounds. Nothing happens. I try harder because at this point I am committed.

Something happens.

The cat is now covered in a thin film of watery liquid shit. Aghast at this development, cat decides to GO BATSHIT AND PANIC. Cat claws the everliving shit out of my ballsack and streaks off around the house. I had to chase it down and throw a poop-towel over it to calm it down, and then quickly take it to the bathroom to both bathe the cat (which it hates) and peroxide my torn up balls (which I hate)

e- the cat was given my sandwich as recompense  
e2- a lot of people are real mad and acting like I specifically woke up this morning with the malicious intend to shit on the cat. This was not the case. I misjudged a harmless fart. Please stop threatening me with violence, lmao. I am already suffering the instant karma of a blended nutsack.  

>LIZARDS REPLY CORNER!
Alright, I'm getting a lot of "wow this didnt habpen u lier" stuff. So here we go. Stuff goes direct to my mail thingy and Im gettin real tired of answering individual people.

Q: WHY DO U OWN A CAT IF U H8 IT  
A: I don't. It is my housemates cat.  
Q: HOW DID THE CAT STAY UNDER TOWEL SO LONG JET FUEL CANT MELT STEAL BEAMS  
A: Have you... have you seen a cat begging? Or a cat shoving themselves into a small place? Cats are basically liquid. I can't pretend to know what goes on in the mind of madness.  
Q: Y DO EVRY1 BUT ME SHART!!! ITS A LIE  
A: Its not like this is a common thing. When it does happen, I'm gonna post it, because its HILARIOUS. Other people also find it funny and post it, so it gets upvoted on sites like this, and you are inundated in Sharting posts, I guess? So you see it all the time and think everyones lying about it, and to be fair, maybe some are. But yeah, you'll see it a lot. [Baader-Meinhoff](https://psmag.com/social-justice/theres-a-name-for-that-the-baader-meinhof-phenomenon-59670)  
Q: PIX OF UR JUNK OR IT DIDNT HAPPEN  
A: lol no my days bad enough without showing 90,000 randos my Fun Grundle

#TLDR: tried to fart on cat, shit on cat and got attacked instead. Had to wash cat and peroxide my testicles.
/nIt's been awhile since I've graduated but I still haven't been able to live this down. It was the annual talent show for our high school. Every student had to attend the show as an audience including me so I thought it might be a great opportunity for me to show the whole school that I am a funny rebellious kid and they should l love me. 

I spent weeks planning it, I would run up the stage and tell my very own written joke. It all seemed so great in my head. Everyone would be bored out of their minds at the performance and I would save the day by making everyone laugh and cheer. Then the time came. It was a normal average singing performance by one of the senior girl. Crowd was quiet, so I assumed they were bored. I got up from the crowd, ran up the fucking stage like Kanye West, stole the mic from the poor girl who just wanted to sing. And at the top of my fucking lungs I shouted. "Hello everyone, I am Shake..Spear" while doing masturbation gesture. Nobody laughed.Nobody cheered. I got suspended for a 2 days and detention for a whole month. And 6 years of hell. 

TL:DR I delivered a bad pun in front of my whole school resulting in suspension and detention.  /nThis FU happened about 6 years ago, but I still think about it to this day. 

I was a student studying at a big university that had some large, luxury apartment buildings nearby for students to live in after their freshman year. In my building, there were around 400 apartments across 8 floors. I lived in one of these apartments with three roommates. Modern gym, stainless steel appliances-- nice place. 

The FU starts with me not wanting to drink my face off for once on a Saturday and wake up the next morning feeling like a train wreck, and instead wanting to have a "wholesome" night of fun. So instead of going out, I decided to post signs around the building that a dinosaur, specifically a Velociraptor, was on the loose. Harmless, right?

I spent some time putting this [flyer](https://imgur.com/iGBTDIw) together, purposely making it ridiculous by adding phrases like "look out for the Velociraptor mating call" and "ask security for repellent"-- I figured people would laugh about it. Then I walked down to the apartment building's lobby to use their free printing and make about a hundred copies. Finally, starting at about 9 PM, I spent the next two hours posting the sign on various doors around the building. 

For better or worse, it was a Saturday, and people were getting drunk. About halfway through my adventure, as I was getting into the elevator to change floors, I saw a girl dressed to go out, makeup done, on the phone with someone, tears streaking her mascara as she struggled to convey to someone that there "had been a velola-raptor attack and that she didn't know what to do." Me at the time thought this was really funny and kept going, and ultimately, after posting my hundred flyers, I went back to my apartment, watched some TV, and went to bed. That Sunday I spent most of my time doing homework and not leaving my room.

On Monday while in class my roommates' group text lit up with "Does anyone know what [this](https://imgur.com/SnOsyEW) is? It was a pile of 4 "Notice[s] of Lease Violation" suggesting someone had caused a "disturbance on the property" and that there would be a fine. Me being fairly young, I got spooked, bounced from class, and biked to my apartment to take care of it.

I grabbed the notices and went to the leasing office. I'll shorten it immensely,  but the conversation can be summarized as such:

Me: "Hi, I got these notices at my apartment today about causing a disturbance. I was wondering what it's about?"

Apartment Agent: "Oh, so it's you." Calls out to someone outside his office: "Get in here "Other Apartment Agent," it's the dinosaur boy!"

OAA, a guy trying too hard to be serious: "Do you know what you did last night?"

Me: "Yeah, I just posted some funny and clearly harmless signs around that there was a dinosaur on the loose. Also it was just me, so don't include my roommates here."

OAA: "Okay, just you, but it was neither funny nor harmless. Do you know how many calls security got? I had parents calling in demanding to know about the situation. We had students asking if there was a bunker to hide in."

Me, a little bewildered: "Uh, the sign said Velociraptor. Dinosaur. Clearly extinct. It was just a joke. How did people take that seriously?"

OAA: "Look, *I know* Velociraptors have been dead for over 10,000 years, but you caused a disturbance, and I still have to fine you.

*10,000 years*. Fuck. There would be no winning with this guy. I asked him what the fine was ($100), ran back up to write a check, and paid it. (Note: They apparently knew it was someone in my apartment who posted the signs by following security footage).

To this day I wonder how many fully functioning adults at prestigious universities think Velociraptors are real, that they aren't dinosaurs but are instead a vicious reptile that people illicitly keep as pets or that you can go see at the zoo. I also occasionally wonder about the panic I caused, thinking about the girl who was likely on the phone with her parents, and all her parents probably heard were "someone died -- on the loose -- don't know what to do." 

I still laugh about it.

TL;DR: Posted signs around my building saying that a velociraptor killed someone and was on the run. Freaked out my drunk building and management got involved. Got fined $100./nI’m 6 months pregnant, barely showing and randomly woke up one day last week unable to move. At first, I’m terrified that I’m paralysed. Then I realise it’s really severe sciatic pain and I genuinely cannot walk/get up or really breathe too deeply.

I have no signal in my room but I DO have WiFi, so I call my husband who calls emergency services for me. Within 20 minutes, 2 firefighters turn up knocking on the door. My husband is a good hour or more away still and they have to break into a window in the bedroom (big french windows). They try to move me, realise they can’t and call another two firefighters from the truck outside. Even with four of them trying to gently move me up and off the bed, it’s not possible. I am in just too much pain and screaming every time they try. They also have no medication. 

My cleaner turns up. Idiot me forgot she was due and I could’ve saved the window, oh well. FU number one. 

In my area, there is a shortage of ambulances so firefighters get called first. They decide we need to wait for the doctor. The doctor takes around an hour to arrive and brings 2 colleagues. They can’t numb me, because I’m pregnant and it is only achievable to move me by extremely slowly moving me bit by bit.

Of course, at this moment my husband arrives, with an extremely puzzled expression, walking through the smashed french doors. I am at first confused, why does he look so befuddled by this situation, starring his ailing wife? 

Oh, yes, probably because I am absolutely buck naked as I cannot move to get dressed, legs akimbo as they are being slowly moved one by one into a better position, surrounded by 7 not unattractive tall German men, 2 of whom are *actively holding my legs open to help me*. It slowly dawns on me I am basically in a porno. And this suddenly becomes really fucking funny to me, so I laugh. And as I laugh, the pain goes all the way from my left big toe to my right middle finger like an electric shock and I pass out. FU NUMBER 2. My final image of this scene was my poor cleaner giving me a sympathetic look from the inner doorway and trying not to cross herself looking at my naked state of being. Deeply catholic woman. I would rather my entire family see me like this than her. 

Turns out later, when I come to, I’ve really caused my back quite some problems by passing out in this delicate position and I’ll be bed-ridden for a few weeks. Without decent pain medication because of my developing crotch goblin. I bet the emergency service workers are going to get some mileage out of this one.

TL;DR Thought I was paralysed, emergency services had to move me naked, husband walks in and observed 7 men tending to his naked wife, I laugh and do more damage than was there in the first place. 

Edit: some people asking why I didn’t get covered with a blanket. I’d guess in the half sitting half lying position I was in, a blanket would have slipped off and been really inconvenient for the doctor having to delicately move me. I didn’t even notice my nakedness until husband showed up, the pain was way worse than the embarrassment. /nMost front page TIFU I see involve sex. /r/circlejerk makes allusions to this with "TIFU by putting my PENIS into my GIRLFRIEND's VAGINA"

More and more I see TIFU which just seem to be people either wanting to say they've had sex, or making blatantly fake stories with plot holes. I get the weekend rule, which is fantastic, but what happened to this subreddit? Before I had this account, it was my first subreddit to browse. Now it just seems to be kids acting like my example below.

But since this is TIFU, I must provide a TIFU:

TIFU by being so *fucking* better than you. I also had sex. With a girl. In her vagina. The upper one. She came. Then her sister heard us having sex and insisted she join because im so good. Then my already 12 inch penis grew 4 more inches, before I became president of the world.

TL;DR - Im better than you.

----------

Edit: Made it easier to read after checking it out a few years later. Wayyy too many linebreaks originally./nI posted this in r/casualuk yesterday and it went down pretty well, and a couple of posters convinced me to post it here. Apologies if this is overkill and you've already read it! And honestly, I don't know if it qualifies as a TIFU, so I am sure the mods will decide. Be gentle, mods...  Anyway, a very English break-in story is pasted below... 
  
I may have over-egged the detail, so this story is quite long. The detail is pretty accurate, cos I made notes immediately after the event, and I've tried really hard to be honest and not embellish too much!
  
On the first day of moving into my new house back in April of 2015, my neighbour came to introduce himself - and it wasn't long before I deduced that he was in the drug-dealing business. I initially thought that wasn't so bad, I like a smoke from time to time and having him next door could be useful. Even if I went back in time right now to warn myself, there's no way I could convey how wrong I was... 
  
Now 2015 was otherwise known as the worst year of my life. It certainly wasn’t what Back To The Future had let me to expect. 
  
After losing my dad to cancer, my sister having a miscarriage and my BBQ exploding on my birthday gathering, I was beginning to think my luck would have to turn soon. It was August, the summer was ending and nothing bad had happened for two whole months…
  
I’d been up late watching It Follows, and not being much of a horror fan, I was suitably creeped out. And slightly high. My girlfriend had come home late from a work function and had gone straight to bed, and at about 12.30am I went up there too.
  
It’s probably worth explaining that this house has three floors. The ground floor has an entrance, spare room and stairs, the first floor is the kitchen and living room, and the top floor is the bedroom and bathroom. It’s one of three houses in a little mews in a leafy Sussex village.
  
I went to bed and was soon drifting off. About 15 minutes later I heard some banging. I didn’t pay it much mind, assuming that watching a horror movie before bed had made me oversensitive. So I started to go back to sleep. The next memory I have is of shouting. Lots of shouting. The bedroom door burst open, and a group of large figures stormed in, brandishing crowbars.
  
I remember screaming in that way you try to in a dream, when nothing comes out. I also recall spinning around slightly so as to block my girlfriend, an incredibly sweet and innocent creature who had barely witnessed a crime in her life. I thrust out my legs, kicking one of them in the crown jewels firmly. This led the ring leader to crack me on the legs with a crowbar, telling me in no uncertain terms to not do that again.
  
So now there are at least four men lined up alongside my side of the bed. Maybe five. Hard to tell, I didn't get to put my glasses on. My girlfriend is screaming, they’re all shouting, and I’m incredibly confused. The ringleader then demands that I give him the bag of money.
  
“What money!?” I asked.
  
“Give us the fucking bag of money, we know you’ve got the bag of money!” the ringleader repeats. Several times.
  
“I don’t have a bag of money,” I explained. It’s hard to remember the order of events, but I do know one thing for sure - Tom Cruise popped into my head.
  
The previous night I was watching Mission: Impossible 3. I do like that film, and I had it on in the background while I did the washing up. I remember pondering the scene where Ethan Hunt’s wife has a gun to her head. “I want to give you what you want, but you’ve got to do what’s right!” exclaimed Hunt. Hmmm. I wonder if the screenwriter had researched this dialogue. Is this what you are supposed to say in a hostage crisis?
  
Well, it apparently sewed a seed, because I found myself repeating those words.
  
“I don’t have a bag of money. I want to get you what you want, but you have to do what’s right and leave this poor girl alone,” are the words that came, strangely confidently, out of my mouth.
  
“Yeah? Well we know you sold drugs to my daughter!” said the one I considered to be the sidekick.
  
“Nah nah nah, it was my sister,” said the ringleader in correction.
  
This exchange told me two things - one, they did not have a particularly good grasp of what their plan was, and two, they were after my neighbour.
  
For my neighbour is a drug-dealing maniac. A weird guy from Essex. He’s in his mid-30s, about 5’8” with light blonde hair and eyebrows to match. He’s skinny and zany, usually hopping from one foot to the other as he tries to keep his excessive energy in check. He smokes weed from 7am, and boxes on his outdoor punchbag whenever the weed isn’t enough to keep his energy in check.
  
Sometimes he can be seen in the communal car park making things. [Like the time he made a wooden triangle](https://i.imgur.com/2E6FGuw.jpg). Or he juggles balls with his dogs, or he shadow boxes. You know, the usual things you expect to see your neighbour doing at literally any hour of the day or night. 
  
Still, realising that the intruders were in the wrong house, I wasn’t entirely keen on sending them next door. As much as I disliked my neighbour, I didn’t think he deserved a group of masked men storming in. So I continued to try and talk these people out of the house.
  
“I’m not a drug dealer, so I’ve no idea what you’re talking about. There’s a couple of Macbooks downstairs, sixty quid in my wallet, an iMac… whatever you want, just take it and go mate.”
  
Hearing this offer, the ringleader realised I was being compliant. And if I was willing to give up a few grands worth of computers, why wouldn’t I just give him the bag of money he was seeking? Slowly, the cogs turned.
  
“Is this number 27?” he demanded to know.
  
“The whole area is.”
  
“Yeah but is this number two, twenty seven Acacia Avenue?”
  
“No, it’s number one.”
  
“WE’VE GOT THE WRONG HOUSE!”
  
The realisation was startling. They all shouted. One guy had been searching every room, cupboard and drawer. He had given up already. One or two of the others went down stairs to get him, leaving me and my GF with the ringleader and his sidekick, a guy I suspected was far darker in soul than the guy doing all the talking.
  
“Right, you can’t call the cops or we’ll come back. We know where you live!” The sidekick said.
  
Emboldened by the realisation that these guys were morons, I laughed. “You seriously think I won’t call the cops? Best I can do is give you a thirty second head start.”
  
He didn’t like that, so he took my phone. Good, I thought. I’ll track that fucker. Sadly, I later discovered, he threw it behind my sofa on his way out of the house.
  
The ringleader then apologised. He said they were looking for someone else, and there had been a mix up. I said something along the lines of “well I am glad we sorted that out.” At which point he shook my hand, told me he hoped my GF would be ok, and forced the sidekick to leave with him.
  
I picked up the bed and jammed it against the door, and enveloped my traumatised girlfriend in a big hug and told her it was over. Which it almost was.
  
Little did we know, the morons had decided to try again, this time knocking my neighbour's door in and storming his house. But he was in the kitchen, so they went flying past him, up to the bedroom where they found his girlfriend. My neighbour, being the kind of guy he is, then jumped out of the window, abandoned his GF, ran to my front door and stormed into my home.
  
“THE-GO-KID! THE-GO-KID! THERE ARE PEOPLE IN MY HOUSE!” He screamed.
  
“No shit,” I responded. “Why do you think my fucking door is wide open?”
    
I went out to meet him while talking to the police on my GF’s phone. He grabbed a knife from my kitchen, the phone from my hand, and went after them. I decided I was done, went back to enjoy the barricade of the bedroom.
  
It took the police a while to turn up, because the genius neighbour of mine told them they had guns, so we had to wait for armed response. Eventually, my GF and I cautiously walked down to the living room. The police eventually arrived, but they knew it was too late. So they stood outside our houses having a chat and a bit of a laugh. It’s likely to be the only time I tell four men with machine guns to shut the fuck up.
  
The rest of the night was a mess of police as they took statements, searched for evidence and quizzed my neighbour about, yes, the bag of money. They were convinced they could bust him for something, as they had wanted to for some time. Turns out he had broken his foot when he leapt from the window, and so he was carted off in an ambulance. As the stretcher went past me in the car park, he tried to talk to me.
  
“Go Kid! I just want to say one thing mate! I just want to say one thing!” He screamed.
  
“Neighbour, you’re not physically capable of saying just one thing.”
  
The police, who knew him all too well, erupted in laughter. This humiliation would haunt him for some time.
  
Eventually I heard that my neighbour had claimed it was all because of an instagram picture he had posted on Facebook, and he thought he knew the ringleader. A scumbag he’d recently connected with on FB. He gave the police two weeks to charge the guy. To the credit of the police, they arrested him but didn’t have the evidence to charge him.
  
About a month later, my neighbour beckoned me into his garage where he remonstrated with me for blaming him for the ordeal. “They terrorised us too!” he said. He then told me he had taken matters into his own hands, dealing with the ringleader himself, putting him in some sort of box and, I presume, torturing him. He tried to show me some sort of video evidence but I refused to look at it. "We have to look after our women!" he said.
  
He then said that he was aware I had reacted like a pussy when the guys got into my room. A bit bemused by this, I asked him if it was more gutless to scream or to jump out a window and leave my partner behind. This enraged him, and we haven't spoken a single word to each other since.
  
The only stuff that was stolen was money from our wallets and my Leatherman (it had 'That's not a knife' engraved in it). Nobody was ever charged with the break-in and eventually life went back to normal, albeit with a very expensive new front door. I moved house this year, so I can only hope I never see my neighbour's face again.
  
 I know some people find this story entirely unbelievable, but [it would appear I’ve got back-up on that front](https://ol.reddit.com/r/CasualUK/comments/9ey4pe/i_endured_the_most_english_home_invasion_ever/e5tap79/) as one of the responding officers is on Reddit and confirmed the story's validity on my original post! 
  
TL:DR - Masked men broke in, stormed my bedroom, realised they got the wrong house, said sorry and broke into next door instead. Also, my neighbour is a knob.
  
Edit: I've been encouraged to post this bit of info as well - 
  
The police called it a ‘scum on scum’ attack, and when those inadvertently mess with innocent bystanders, the scumbags are usually apologetic. They even said “don’t be surprised if you get an anonymous bunch of flowers”. We didn't, but judging by some of the messages I have received, it really is something that happens. /nSaw previous posts about costing a company money, figured this belonged here.
Sorry for formatting, I’m on mobile.
It’s a long one. 

So this wasn’t today, this was about 3 years ago. I was working in HAZMAT on an aircraft carrier. We worked in the hangar bay, and basically distributed and collected hazmat from different departments if they were doing maintenance or painting.
On this day, I had to get giant industrial plastic bags (imagine thickness of painters plastic) for our collection center. These bags are huge, and come in rolls of around 50. Probably one lb per bag.
So these rolls are stored in an storage area at the top of the hangar bay, about 30-40 feet off the deck.
I made sure the area was clear of people, and dropped it down from there like I had a million times before.
This is where things fucked up. It went rogue. Went sideways, broke a sprinkler activation switch off the wall.
When I came down, the sprinkler system went off. This isn’t normal sea water though. This is a hangar bay to handle jets and fuel. We had to have something to smother liquid fires, which is AFFF (Aqueous Film Forming Foam). This stuff is great for smothering liquid fires, but is highly corrosive and is stupid expensive. Around 1.5K per gallon. Usually it mixes with salt water before leaving the sprinklers, but today the sea water was shut off to this part of the ship. As such, it dumped pure AFFF. Around 600 gallons. It also landed on some expensive pieces of equipment, and downed them for repair.
All in all, I cost the navy approximately 1.5 million in wasted AFFF and repairs to equipment.

TL;DR Broke a sprinkler activator off the wall being dumb, dumping expensive firefighting liquid that is corrosive onto expensive equipment.

EDIT: Have had a lot of people asking about punishment. Somehow I got a slap on the wrist. I went to my division officer and told her everything that transpired, somehow she got me off the hook. Honestly the most surprising thing that happened in my five years of navy.

EDIT 2: Holy cow, thanks for my first silver.

EDIT 3: CONFESSION: In the interest of full disclosure, the only reason I fessed up was because I had heard my CMC (command master chief) was out for blood. Wanted whoever did it in DRB that day, and had security video footage. After I fessed up, I found out that the GOD DAMN SECURITY CAMERA DIDNT SEE SHIT. IT CUTOFF THREE FEET TO THE RIGHT OF MY CRIME./nOK so this actually happened 8 years ago. I was 16 and was just getting into the habit of watching porn on my phone in bed on the iphone 3GS at the time. Now keep in mind that my parents are very religious and conservative, and I grew up in what you'd say a privileged household as well.  

Almost every night right before going to bed, I'd watch porn for about half an hour whilst slowly stroking my dick. Just as I'm about to cum, I'd tilt my body sideways, dick aimed at the wall on my right, and shoot straight down there. I was in the mentality where "if it's under the rug no one will find out" similar to when you drop chips on the floor. 

Anyways, I kept doing this for about a year, and I never really bothered to look under the bed.  

One day, my room was messy and my mom was pissy. She walks in, yells at me for having a very untidy room then she says that's it, we're deep cleaning the room right now. She makes me go fetch cleaning stuff to help out. I remember being very pissed off because she interrupted what would be my afternoon fap session.   

So carpets removed, furniture moved around, and deep cleaning commences.  

When the bed was moved to the side, I almost shat my pants when I saw the horrific view of what was under.  

Sticky, yellowish, dried cum which was tainted down the wall, and into a massive puddle that had about a 10mm thickness, and you can actually see ants, and small roaches whom have been caught up and died right in that puddle. 

Now my mom casually asks "what's this?"  

In panic, I told her that I was having Ice cream in bed one day and that I spilled it to the side, and forgot to tell her about it.  

She got x100 angrier at this point, telling me how careless and dirty I am. Nevertheless, she seemed to have bought it.  

Several minutes later, she started scrubbing the puddle of cum while I was looking in shame. I felt like the biggest sack of shit on earth. Feelings of disgust, shame, and guilt overwhelmed me. I vowed to not masturbate to the side wall anymore. 

Anyhow, the nightmare didn't end there. After a few minutes of scrubbing, the now wet puddle of cum starts to emit odour. Shortly after, the entire room smelled of cum. It was the most disgusting smell you could imagine. I was horrified and didn't know what my mom was thinking at the time. I was just playing dumb and was pretending to move around shit in the room to make it seem I was helping her, when secretly I was shitting my pants. 

At the end of it, she just said to me "Remember, god is always watching. He's very unhappy with you." and left.  

Religious me back then cried in the same night, and I was begging for god's forgiveness for weeks in end. 

Not too long after however, I realised that I learnt my lesson, and that's when I started using tissues in bed.  

TLDR; Masturbated to the side of the bed for a year, mom wants to do a deep clean of the room, find cum puddle, tell her it's ice cream, she scrubs the whole thing making the entire room smell of cum. 

edit: Fuck did this blow up. You guys made me aware of the coconut story and the cockroaches story, I found comfort in knowing there are more fucked up redditors out here. Yes it is horrible what I did and disgusting, but I promise I'm a regular functioning adult in society now./nI am spooked and mortified right now. 

So I’m a female with rather long hair who rides horses - I have 3, compete regularly etc. 

Anyway, yesterday I was happily riding my first of two horses for the day, when about half way through I thought I had a *front* wedgie. No big deal, pull/shuffle it out and move on, yeah? A little while later I felt it again and pulled it out again. 

I finished my ride, tacked up the second horse, then rode him. Again I kept feeling this discomfort wedgie, they weren’t even the right pants to give me a wedgie! 

Anyway I shook it off as no biggie, finished the horses for the night, went home, showered, then went out to see some friends. 

This morning, I awoke at around 6.30am with intense labial pain. Yep. So I grab a mirror and have a look and OH JEEZ it’s a horror. There is a dark red LUMP. A big one. Perhaps fingernail sized. At first I thought my clit was inflamed. Nope, not that... STD? Googled them all. Nope. A moment later I realise *there is a hair hanging off it*. Yep. I think I have given myself a labial hair tourniquet.

With my hair length I often end up with hair on my clothing *edit: my hair is always tied back when I ride, the hair must have slithered into my pants beforehand* so I’m thinking the friction from riding caused the hair to get looped around. Apparently showering means the hair gets looser and when it dries it tightens... so uh. I’m on my way to A &amp; E as I can’t remove it myself. There is definitely a hair dangling down. Maybe around 4 inches. I didn’t notice anything last night. 

My hair is between waist and butt length.

I can’t wait to have some doctors look at my poorly labia ): 

**Edit**: just confirming its hair from my head that is looped around. 

**Update 1**
Doctor number one has looked at my foofie and referred me to a gynaecologist on a ward. She agrees it’s a hair tourniquet... they need specialist equipment and numbing things. It’s rather swollen. F My Luck. 

**Update 2**
The nurses at gynaecology managed to untie and cut the hair after some fiddling about. They’d never had a case like it before... so it’s pretty rare my fellow gals. Still be careful and vaginalant. They said I definitely did the best thing going to them rather than trying to do it myself, I’m blonde as well so it was almost invisible! Plus the swelling made it difficult to see. 

Also I must’ve caught it quick, none of the tissue has died or anything but I need to keep an eye on it. Feeling a bit bruised. 

**Update 3**
THANK YOU FOR GOLD OMG, at least I got something good out of this hahaha, trying to respond to comments but sorry if I lose track <3 

**Update 4**
Clarifying location for some confused redditors! It was to the right then lower of the urethra and the ball was almost spherical and the size of a fingernail. It was a human head hair, and though it first became caught while riding the real FU was when I showered and didn’t notice the hair that must have been caught, then it became further tangled through the night and evening. I finished riding at around 7.30pm. 

**Update 5** 
We have made the front page... brilliant... 😂

**Update 6** 
(removed - there are pictures similar to my case but there are concerns about the medical file due to the potential age of the case study)

**Update 7** 
I've gotta get on with my life for a few hours, but I'll make a point of responding to comments directed at me this evening. Lots of love fellows. 

**TL;DR**: horse riding friction caused (what I think is) labial hair tourniquet and now doctors can look at my labia!! 

/nTIFU by orgasming so hard I broke my vagina

Happened a couple of days ago, as is tradition. Throwaway because some IRL folks know my normal handle on here.


So a couple of months ago my doctor put me on a new SSRI to help with my chronic depression. It didn't work that well and made me super-dazed, and on top of that my sex drive dried up to a level that can only be described as "Sahara-like." Now, it's not like I'm in a relationship or anything, but I still enjoyed getting off at least a couple times a week, and found myself very wound up without my normal release.


I told my doctor that the medication just kind of put me in a fog, so she switched me to an SNRI and holy horniness my sex drive came back with a vengeance. After work one day, I came home and decided to treat myself to a round or two with my vibrator, to celebrate. Well, it had been building up so long in me that I went to town and had one of the most intense orgasms of my life. I should note at this point that I didn't use lube, because I was so..worked up..I figured I didn't need it.


Sounds great, right? Eh..not so much, because right after finishing the deed, I realized I had a shooting pain in my vagina, like I had badly pulled a muscle. After spending a couple of minutes laying in state, praying to every god and deity out there to make the pain subside, I made the long, labored waddle to the toilet, only to realize I was dripping a lot of blood, too. 


Before you ask, no, it was not shark week for me, so needless to say, I was surprised. Upon further inspection, I realized that I not only pulled a muscle deep in my lady parts that had me walking funny for a day, I suffered a vaginal tear due to my..vigor..as well. However, it was a lot more blood than any little tears I had had in the past, and prior to this, I never tore from masturbating, so I was convinced I really badly injured myself, and may need stitches.


I called my OB's office and made an appointment, and I explained what happened, all while turning shade of purple that Barney the dinosaur would envy. My doctor took a look and welp, I was right, I needed stitches, and instructed me that in the future during any particularly-intense sessions, I should probably use lube, just to be safe. Ironically, now I now have to once again abstain from all sexual activity for a period of time, so I'm back to square one. 


Needless to say, the whole experience was not what I was expecting, and has been something I would prefer to not experience, ever again.


TL;DR Got super horny, overdid it during a solo session, and broke my vagina.

EDIT: Thanks for all the lube tips, guys. Just ordered (look up the drum of lube on Amazon, was apparently inadvertently linking to my wishlist, too) so I think I'm good to go for future sexytimes! (Not really, but I did order a few different brands suggested and really appreciate it!) 

EDIT 2: Been getting a lot of questions about my antidepressants. I was on Celexa and am not on Cymbalta. Feel free to PM me if you have any further questions, happy to have helped some folks out 😀. Sorry if it takes me a while to respond, been getting A TON of questions and I want to make sure I answer them all, thoroughly!

EDIT 3: Gold! Holy crap, thank you, internet stranger! Who knew my most read post would ever be about injuring my vajayjay...I'll take this opportunity to throw out a LPT: LUBE, LUBE, AND LUBE SOME MORE! Also, know if you pull a muscle while orgasming, the pain is intense but it should only last a day or so./nFor background: I'm (30s/M) in a 7+ year relationship with my Gf (30s/F). We've been having a bit of a dry spell lately, so the gf decided to spice things up by buying a remote controlled vibrator. When I came home from work yesterday, she surprised me at the door by handing me the remote control and telling me she had it inserted, and to play around with it however I wanted. We then had a lovely dinner of different fancy cheeses and meats with bread. While we ate I would occasionally reach under the table and push the button to change settings. By the end of dinner we were both quite aroused, and she hopped on my lap and started grinding against me, ready to move things to the bedroom...

Aaaaand this is where things began to go wrong. I work a high pressure job with long hours and hadn't had time to eat anything at work all day that day. I had eaten voraciously during dinner, and probably ate a good half a pound of various cheeses. I started to feel a little nauseous while she was grinding up on me, and said I might need a moment to digest. She wasn't having any of it, and insisted we head to the bedroom. So I figured fuck it, we'll just do it live.

In the bedroom she lays down and asks me to hop on top. Meanwhile, the vibrating insertable is going full tilt. The noise it was making was an alternating "waaahhh-EEEEEE" pause. "waaahhh-EEEEEE" pause. "waaahhh-EEEEEE" pause.. But this thing is like 90% buried inside her, so the sound is coming out a little muffled and distorted. And I swear all I could think of at that moment was how it sounded EXACTLY, spot on, like the robot from the movie Wall-E screaming for help, terrified, buried alive. I burst out laughing as she looks at me in bewilderment. This kills the mood and causes the nausea I was feeling moments before to hit a crescendo. After I explain both what i was laughing about and why I suddenly looked so sick, SHE starts laughing, which makes it even harder for me to stop laughing, nausea getting worse every second.

Finally we both calm down. She steps out to give me a moment to get over the sick stomach feeling and for her to remove the toy. A few minutes pass, then she comes back in. Im on my back still feeling profoundly queasy, but tell her I'm ready to go! She hops on top, starts making out with me, then starts going at it in cowgirl. As the thrusting gets more and more intense, she was getting really close to orgasm as I was getting closer and closer to throwing up. Finally as she was jjjjust about ready, she brought her face close to mine during one particularly violent thrust, causing one of the foulest burps I've ever had to escape. I taste cheese mixed with shame as she throws herself off of me, yelling, gagging, and laughing hysterically at me. I feel terrible but can't help but laugh, which only makes the nausea worse. At that moment i was about as close to throwing up as you can get without actually doing it. She leaves the room still laughing but utterly disappointed. I just lay there aroused, sick to my stomach, and frustrated at myself for eating like a goldfish during dinner.

There were no further attempts at sex that night.

TL;DR  Wall-E combined with too much cheese ruined sexy times/nIn 2015 I had to renew my license and thought it would be funny to do cat heads as my signature, so I did. For the past 3 years I just forgot about it unless I had to show my ID and they pointed it out. They would laugh and say, "haha I can't believe they let you do that!" and I would be like, "yeah, yeah, yeah, let me in the bar now." I have always signed my name with my regular signature/scribble, not cat heads. This hasn't been a problem until today when I had to sign my mortgage papers. The signing agent looked at my ID and shook his head, he was not amused. I tried to explain that 2015 Brad never imagined he'd own a house. So the dude has to call the title company headquarters and explain the situation all while my real estate agent is laughing her ass off. I had to sign 3 cat heads over 30 times today. 
Here is pic  http://imgur.com/I6olEcY and
here is my ID http://imgur.com/xmOmU5n
TL;DR had to sign all my mortgage papers with my legal ID signature, which is 3 cat heads.
Edit: girlfriend fixed spelling/grammar/timeline mistakes./nSo yesterday was Valentine's day and I've been seeing a girl who used to wrestle when she was younger. I was a wrestler for 10 years and we both knew this. So we get drunk last night and start messing around on the couch. We're just using moves on each other and I'm winning. 

We do this for a while and it's all fun and games until she says "I bet I can beat you from the standing position." We are both pretty trashed at this point so we stand up in her living room and start facing off. We tie up with each other and instinct kicks in so I sprawl and slam her head into the hardwood floor. I spin around behind her and then I realize she isn't moving.

At this point I realize that I fucked up badly. She comes to and she has a huge black and blue knot over her eye brow. I'm feeling like a gigantic piece of shit and after a couple of seconds she laughs and says it's okay. 

So the TL;DR here is that I got trashed on wine with a girl. We wrestled. I knocked her TF out on a hardwood floor. Now she has a lump like a pachycephalosaurus on her head.

Update: Holy shit this blew up. For the folks concerned about concussion: she's a nursing student so when she had clinicals the next day she got herself checked out. She's good to go. /nI had a large group of people over that were hungry and were self-proclaimed, "chili-heads." I doubted their true understanding of the level of hot sauce I had and gave them a stern warning of what was to come. Yet, one girl, with Venezuelan heritage claimed she could take any level of heat. Well, I cooked up a batch of spaghetti and put a liberal amount of "The Source" hot sauce - Google it to see just how hot this compares to most "spicy" things. I served my guests, with another strong warning that it was going to be hell for some, but alas they were all willing. I too would partake in dinner as well, as my palate had become accustom to this sauce and it wasn't too bad for me anymore and was a prerequisite for them to do it as well.

&#x200B;

Fast forward about 5 to 10 minutes and everyone is losing their collective shit. People holding their mouths under the sink, pounding beer to soothe the pain, and our miss Venezuela in a ball on the ground crying. I consoled her the best I could and offered some remedy techniques. All the while, I'm quietly laughing with my now wife (she didn't partake, smart).

&#x200B;

I wait another 2 hours to make sure no one needs to go to the hospital... we're good, most have have calmed down and are feeling a little better, including a much more humbled Venezuelan girl. Myself, I consume a bunch of crackers and wash my mouth out with plenty of water and booze. Now, high on endorphins and, well, booze. I'm feeling like I want to get into some sexy times. My wife and I retire upstairs where we immediately start getting naughty.

&#x200B;

I go down on her and she's enjoying it, well initially. She starts to make weird noises and I ask if everything's ok, to which she replies, "it, it just feels weird," but insists that I continue. Another 5 minutes pass and she completely stops me, "ok, something wrong it just feels really weird." I comply and think nothing of it in my inebriated state, so we transition to having sex. Of course, I'm enjoying myself and getting into it, man it's really sensitive right now - I think to myself, I'm tingling with excitement! Huh, wait, it's now starting to burn a little. My mind's racing what could be wrong, then it hits me. "Oh shit, The Fucking Source!" I exclaimed to her. We both jump off and start paying close attention to our genitals. Pain building and for some reason, my Johnson is starting to really hurt. I'm pacing back and forth, holding my Sneaky Pete in front of the fan, doing anything I can to relieve the pain. My wife clutching her vaheyhey like she's about to give birth.

&#x200B;

10 minutes pass and I'm finding absolutely no relief, but my wife for some reason is taking it like a champ. I start to panic, as I'm really burning up, downstairs. I run into the bathroom and start slashing water from the sink on my Nixon. Brief relief, followed by immediate pain. Fuck. Finally I say screw this shit: I fill up the sink to the brim and lay face first on the counter with my twig and berries fully submerged in this life-saving water. I stay in that position for a good 20 minutes. Finally I retract my Stanley Steamer from this holy water. Ahhhhhhhh, the pain has finally subsided enough to return to bed. I regaled my wife of my fateful bathroom story and we laugh for a good 20 minutes. Needless to say, we waited a good day for the fire to completely snuff out until we got frisky again.

&#x200B;

TL:DR. Ate one of the hottest hot sauces in the world, went down on my wife then had sex. Dick burned like hell and plunged my meat into a sink to relieve the pain.

Edit: Small grammatical and spelling fixes./n 

A year or so a go I met a pretty but very shy girl on tinder, we dated, got along and then struck up a casual sexual relationship. We both had stressful jobs with long hours and just used each other to have aggressive "stress" sex as she called it. One day she messaged me at 1 AM, she told she was very turned on and wanted me to come over. Now I am a man, if a pretty girl asks me for sex I am going to pathetically come running. So up I got, had a quick shower and cycled through a wet and cold London night to her apartment (I wasn't going to pay the £35 or so for an Uber). Once I arrived she just wanted to fuck, she apparently had a massive argument with her ex and a long horrible day at work. So we proceeded to have sex, she usually liked it rough and liked a gentle face slap, but that night she asked me to do it harder, then harder and then even harder. Her face was red and she was very evidently liking it but I was nervous, I enjoy rough sex but I was hitting her rather hard and I didn't want to bruise her face nor do any damage.

Then she grabbed my head and pulled me down and bit my lip hard and said "fucking hit me", so I did as she asked...

After sex we were cuddling and she said her ears were ringing but she had a great time and she was in a good mood so we showered and went to bed. In the morning she woke me up by shaking me rather hard, the pillow where her head had rested throughout the night had a brown coloured, bloody discharge stain on it and she said she couldn't hear out of her ear.

I was mortified, offered to take her to hospital or that I would spend the day with her to make sure she was alright etc. I was scared there might be worse problems than the suspected burst ear drum and deep down I was scared she might hold it against me.

She went to a doctor and said she had "fallen over" when they asked how it happened, we stopped talking a while after that and she got a boyfriend. Fast forward one year and I messaged her to ask how her ear was. She still can't hear out of it and apparently it can't be fixed :( . She was lovely about it all and said it wasn't my fault and that I shouldn't feel guilty which did make me feel a little better.

&#x200B;

**Great sex though.**  

Edit: for clarity I wasn’t aiming for her ear and I don’t think I even hit her ear, I think I still made contact with her cheek. Anyway I still feel awful about it and isn’t something I want to do ever again. 


TL;DR I slapped a girl so hard, her ear drum burst and is now deaf in one ear permanently /nFinal edit: I never thought this would get so popular, but apparently the thing to do is address some comments. First, I said in the op that I OBVIOUSLY stopped when I realized he was asleep. Second, I do realize the irony of calling him a mess. It is what it is. 

This happened about 10 minutes ago.... 

I'm recently single living with my sister and her family. My mom and I talk every day, but I don't tell her about the dumb shit I do. Anyway, I've been spending time with this guy that's definitely bad news. He works a ton, but he's a goddamn mess. 

My mom knows that I've been "seeing" this guy because my sister told her. She interrogated me about it tonight. I tried to say good things about him because otherwise it reflects badly on me...

Anyway, dude and I are hanging out tonight drinking whiskey and beer. We have sex. I get off, but he doesn't. I decide to go down on him... and he fucking falls asleep. In. The. Middle. 

Obviously, I stop and text my best friend about it. Except I text my mom and say "he fell asleep with his dick IN MY MOUTH" 😩😩😩😩 Immediately text her back saying that wasn't meant for her... 

So, she's going to wake up tomorrow, to go to YOGA, and see how I had some drunk dudes dick in my mouth who passed out. I don't know if she'll be more upset that I text her in the middle of the night or that I'm apparently so shitty that dudes pass out on me.... 

TL;DR told my mom that a dude passed out with his dick in my mouth


Edit: apparently it's not okay to make a joke about a dude working hard and having whiskey dick 🙄 just to be clear, I don't hold any of this against him. I know he'll think it's just as funny as I do.

Edit #2: I sent my mom another text saying "Sorry! What is my life?!". She replied "Figured. I was wondering the same thing..."/nThis happened a couple months ago but I finally have the courage to post it on here. TL;DR at the bottom.

So, here's some context. I'm a 26 year old female who lives at home with both her parents. I have a serious boyfriend but we're long distance so we can't exactly have sex. To keep things spiced up, my boyfriend and I regularly send each other nudes and videos. Now, I've never been a quiet person when it comes to sex. I've always liked to express myself and my boyfriend thoroughly enjoys it when I do so I always like to go the extra mile with it when my parents aren't home.

That night, I came home and I noticed that one of my parent's cars was missing and all the lights were out. I was feeling particularly frisky that day and my parents don't go out often so I thought this was a golden opportunity to make a video and take some pics. I walk inside my house and say, "Hello?" No answer so I knew it was showtime. I go to my room, leave the door ajar and promptly begin making a video. I was really feeling it that day so I made a good amount of noise while I was doing the deed. I screamed my boyfriend's name and a lot of other obscenities that I won't delve into. That continue for about five minutes before I was satisfied.

After finishing up, I decided I would take some pictures too because why not? I get up off the bed, get ready and then I heard it. A cough from across the hallway, literally 5 feet away. **My dad had been in his room the whole time.** Mortified, I fell to the floor and nearly cried. I texted all my girl friends and they could not stop laughing. I knew I couldn't leave my room but I had my Taco Bell meal sitting on the dining room table. I sprinted to the kitchen, ate Taco Bell in alone in my room and forced myself to go to bed.

The next morning, I saw my dad in the living room. It was the most awkward moment of my life. He didn't say anything except good morning and never brought it up. I mean, how do you bring that up to your daughter. To this day, it hasn't been spoken of and I prefer to keep it that way. I've thoroughly checked my house ever since.

TL;DR: I masturbated as loudly as possible with my bedroom door open without knowing my dad was in the room across from me.

EDIT: Oh my God, reddit silver and gold?! I am truly humbled. The comments on here have made my entire day. Except the people who are judging me for still living with my parents. I come from a culture where girls don’t leave until they’re married.

EDIT 2: My dad doesn’t use headphones. He hates them. 🤷🏽‍♀️/nTIFU Reddit, and i dont think i will ever forget this.

quick preface: i am a 20 [M] in college at a state university. i usually dont post so if this post probably sucks but whatever, i needed to get this off my chest.

So this FU actually occurred today...
while at the local headshop (preparing for april 20) there was a really attractive red haired girl with quite possibly one of the most radiantly attractive smiles i have ever seen in my life standing in line waiting to be helped. as she was waiting, her phone went off and her ringer was r2d2. me, wanting to strike up conversation, told her that was an awesome ringtone, to which she replied that she is a huge star wars fan, which is awesome because i am too! we make small talk, definitely mentioning the new trailer that just was released and whatnot. we were hitting it off well, and we turned out to have so many things in common: we are both huge fans of LoTR, super into gaming, specifically old nintendo console gaming and pc gaming, and obviously smoking (we were at a head shop so that is obvious). then, the absolute kicker of the whole situation was that she browses reddit! everything about this girl is 10/10 and when she walked out the door i thought my friend i was with was gonna kill me for not asking for her number. I've fucked up a lot in my life, theres no doubt about that; but i think this might be one of those fuck ups that haunt me forever.


TL;DR: saw pretty girl who is also fellow redditor, hit it off super well, didnt ask for phone number.



edit: didn't expect this to blow up at all...
for those wondering, I'm from southern Louisiana, I'm not gonna go any more specific than that location. I'm pretty sure that if she reads this, she would know who I am. even the guy working in the store was telling me how I fucked up not getting your number...
also, for those taking me so literally on calling her perfect, yes I know I only met her for 5 min, I didn't mean that's she's literally perfect, she just seems like a cool person and I'd like to get to know her better if the opportunity were to arise.
also, thanks for the gold strangers!

edit 2: so to clear some things up,
yes i go to LSU. no, i actually was not at the ra shop surprisingly enough; my buddy and i were at a 24 hour smoke shop just off campus, those of you familiar with LSU should know what im talking about.

edit 3: just logged back on after spending the day celebrating. there really isn't anything to update, no hits yet. celebrated a lot before writing this so... more updates later

edit 4: so, after celebrating for a full 24 hours... people have sent me pictures of random redheads apparently who go to lsu, so far no matches. that being said... i didnt make this post to find her, i made this post because i was at a solid [6] and just felt like putting it somewhere. also, to the people saying we were gonna date/fuck/etc., NO, i just wanted her number to see where things would have gone had i not been a little bitch about it. and if she did/does have a boyfriend, who cares, she could have been a great friend, who knows./nWhat you need to know:

My wife and I live on the 6th floor of a condo complex and the weather has been fantastic. Lots of people are taking to the balconies to get some sun and relax.  We also have a small market just below where we do our grocery shopping.

Here's the Fuck Up.

My wife needed a few things and I took this time to enjoy a beverage outside.  As I sat there drinking I noticed her come out of the store so I let out a short whistle.  Think cartoon wolf with eyes bulging and tongue rolling out.  But she didn't hear it. So I upped my game, placed my fingers in my mouth and let out the loudest cat call I could muster.

Wife didn't hear me, but the young lady sun tanning on her balcony did. Looked at me in disgust and went inside.

I will now avoid the elevator and the balcony for eternity.

TLDR: tried to whistle at my wife, unintentionally came off as creepy to my neighbor./nI have been planning to surprise visit my girlfriend for a while recently and decided that I should buy some "items" off of amazon to spice things up in the bedroom.

Now this normally wouldn't be a problem, except I have an Amazon Echo located in my parents house, along with one in my own house, but because my parents don't have their own amazon account, both echos are under my account...

~~So when one gets a notification, so does the other one...~~

So my father texted me that, "Alexa is glowing" and trailed off. I didn't think much of it until when I got home and my echo was blinking yellow. I asked Alexa for the notification, and she gave a very descriptive narration of the "sexy" item that had been delivered today...

And it dawned on me, that Alexa ~~gave~~ _almost gave_ that same notification to my parents...

&#x200B;

Needless to say, I have now disabled shipping notifications and will look into getting them their own amazon account.

&#x200B;

TL;DR

I ordered an intimate bedroom item through Amazon and my parent got to hear the lovely description of the item courtesy of Alexa, embarrassing me indefinitely.

&#x200B;

Edit: Thanks for the Gold and Silver strangers! I didn’t expect this to get as much attention like it did.

I answered what the items were in a comment down below but here it is:

“Word for word, syllable for syllable as slow and enunciated as could be “Deksias Crotchless Bodystocking Open Cup Crotchless Bodysuit Sexy Lingerie Nightie” and “SVAKOM Powerful Vibrating Cock Ring Vibrator - Waterproof Rechargeable Penis Ring - SVAKOM Tyler Full Silicone Clitorial Vibrators Vibes Stimulators for Female - Sex Toy for Male or Couples, Black” - as she just said the entirety of the title of the product on amazon smh. And there you have my search history, don’t go too wild with it ;)”

Thanks to everyone that let me know that because I heard it, the other one didn’t. I’m fairly unfamiliar with how the devices work as a unit so I’m glad that they probably didn’t hear what the item was. That’s gonna save me a lot of embarrassment! I crossed out the assumption I made about their device hearing it, but I was on edge for the rest of the night worried that they heard it.

Let this be a warning to everyone to make sure they turn off their notifications in case they don’t want anyone to hear them 😂/nThis happened a few hours ago so I’m still feeling wired.

So basically, my girlfriend leaves tomorrow to go far away to school in Miami. She’s a year older than me so I’m not going anywhere. My parents are uber religious, very adamant that we have a non physical relationship. 

Earlier today we were in my basement having a little fun as we do. My mom was upstairs but we’ve never had a problem with her coming down while we do stuff. Anyway, there I was, about to blow my load, when I hear “OP and SO, that’s too far”. Somehow my mom had walked downstairs completely silently so we didn’t hear anything. But of course, like all the TIFUs, I was about to cum, so, dick in my girlfriends hand, I shot the fattest load all over myself, her arm, and the couch. I immediately pulled my pants up so my mom wasn’t staring at my dick any longer than necessary. Thankfully she walked outside without saying anything else. 

We’re going out to dinner now, but I know how absolutely FUCKED I will be when I get home tonight. What a way to spend the last day with my girlfriend.

TL;DR: Blew my load in front of my religious mom on my girlfriends last day at home.

UPDATE: Thanks for the funny comments really gave me and my girlfriend a good laugh to lighten the mood. Soon i’ll be returning home and we’ll see what happens.

UPDATE 2: Welp my parents have not talked to me about anything since I’ve been home. They knew I was upset having to say goodbye so I’m not sure when/if we’ll even have the conversation. Yikes?

Edit: Wow I have reddit fame now. I’m supposed to say thanks for the silvers I think. Also I appreciate the support and advice but stop badmouthing my mom, only I can do that, not people on the internet./nSo, this actually happened last night. Yesterday was my wife’s birthday and as a surprise I decided to trim the jungle that resided below for some sexy time fun. Now, I'm one of those men who has a slight pot belly and over the years it has gotten bigger causing this task to be increasingly difficult. No big deal. Despite limited visibility I can generally feel my way through the deforestation, or so I thought. I get about 90% of the way through my task and all that’s left is the front of my berries. Here is where I fuck up. Usually I look down and stretch/flatten my saddlebags so I provide a flat surface for the electric trimmer to glide against. In my haste I was not looking very closely and assumed the lawn was flat. Unfortunately, it was not. The electric trimmer grabbed hold of a fold of skin and thrashed it like a dog playing with a toy. I felt a burning pain and immediately withdrew. Now, I have nicked myself before so I imagined it was just a slight cut. As I looked down I realized this was not a tiny cut. Blood was dripping off my love sac at an alarming rate. As I dab the blood and reveal the damage I am in shock. I had about 1/8 inch wound I could probably fit a pencil eraser in. I walked over to my wife and told her something happened. As I revealed my mangled manhood she let out a gasp. No sexy time tonight. We bandaged my wounded soldier as best as we could and went to sleep. Today it looks better. I think it will heal on its own without the need of an embarrassing doctor visit. Guys, make sure the lawn is flat before driving the mower over it.

UPDATE: In line at urgent Care. Thanks to those who suggested I go see a doctor. I'll post another update after.

UPDATE 2: Ok, fresh out of the docs office. 2 stitches in my sac, tetanus shot in arm, antibiotics prescribed. Thanks for all the recommendations and kind words. My soldier will live to fight another day.

UPDATE 3: So after reading so many suggestions I ordered a new trimmer specifically designed for the task. My dad always says "use the right tool for the job". I will be throwing away the ballmuncher 2000 when I get home.

UPDATE 4: Thank you all! I never imagined that posting something on reddit about my balls would be so popular! I appreciate all the suggestions and kind words. I am trying to keep up with all your comments. This has truly been an amazing experience!

UPDATE 5: It's been fun everyone! I am retiring for the night and wont be responding to any more comments today. Thank you!

EDIT: For those wondering why I didn't use a guard... I was using a guard. The skin folded and went in between one of the prongs. This was my fuckup, I didn't stretch it flat.

EDIT: For those wondering what trimmer I ordered today to replce my old one: [https://www.manscaped.com/products/lawn-mower-manscaping-2](https://www.manscaped.com/products/lawn-mower-manscaping-2)

EDIT: For those who think this is a marketing Ad... I promise, it is not. If the new trimmer I bought is shit ill update this post with relevant information.

EDIT: Spelling, Formatting, Clarification

UPDATE 5/2/19: So I healed up real nice. I have a little scar but nothing too significant. I finally got around to using my new trimmer. I have been avoiding it out of fear from the last encounter with the ballmuncher 2000. The lawn mower works...ok. It is not as fast as the ole ballmuncher, but it did get the job done. I think it's a bit slower because of the size of the blades. It's also possible I was going slower out of fear of slicing my sac open again. The new trimmer is significantly smaller and lighter than my old one. It is easier to handle and I don't have to fight a cord anymore. I like the non slip surface on the new trimmer, however I fear it will take a dive in the toilet one day and ill need to fish it out. Not sure it will survive the plunge. Is it worth $60? At this time I am not sure. If it lasts just as long as my first one, then sure. So far so good. If anything changes Ill update this post again. Thanks everyone!

&#x200B;

TL;DR I wasn't paying close attention when trimming my junk with an electric trimmer and sliced my sac open./nWell, not exactly today. This started back in June, but it's only just now that I realize how deep I am and the evil little mogul I have created.

I'm a single dad from México. And every opportunity I get to teach my daughters (5 and 3) something I try to take it. And it works amazing if you put a fun little twist into it, which usually means sugar or pepperoni pizza.

Now, my daughters get an allowance from me. It's a small amount, enough to get a little something from the school's cafeteria (Privately owned) and then some to "save", which they never do of course. One night I was doing some shopping since they were staying with me for the whole month of June, and being the awesome dad that I am I needed to get the cutest Unicorn pajamas I could find, marshmallows and whatever bag that contained the word "Candy" on it in the whole store. That's when I saw Chocolate Coins, you know [These ones](https://i.imgur.com/gvflT3T.png). So I immediately thought I could turn this into a learning experience while at the same time being their hero for giving them chocolate.

Here's my thought. I'll give each of them 5 chocolate coins every Monday. They can either eat them or save them as they wish. But whatever amount of coins they had remaining by next Monday morning I'd take as "savings" and I'd give them their 5 new ones for the week plus 50% of the total amount as a bonus. So if one of them had 2 coins remaining then she'd get 5 more on Monday morning, making it 7, I'd take that and add 50% more (3.5, rounds up to 4) so that girl would then have 2 + 5 + 4 = 11 coins. By just saving 2! But they wouldn't get any bonus if they saved just 1 or none. Here's where people who are good at math are starting to get where this is going... But it's even worse.

The little one ate all of her coins that very first Monday. I don't think she even took the wrapper off. The big one lasted until Friday. Weekends are rough man, you need your chocolate coins to relax. Next Monday I give them their 5 coins but this time they only got to eat 2 maximum a day (I needed to step in with some regulations, sue me!). By Tuesday my parents come visit and the kids want to go with them and spend the night, so of course I said yes and off they went, leaving their coins behind. One night turned into 5 actually, and they came back on Sunday to their 4 and 3 coins each.

"Thank God my parents helped me or this would've never even worked", I thought. They'll finally reap some rewards and maybe learn the lesson here. The big one eats only 1 coin and keeps 3. The little one eats her maximum amount allowed, of course, and keeps 1. Next morning they get a big surprise.

Big one gets 5 coins, saved 2, gets 4 as a bonus, so ends up with 11.

Little one gets her 5 coins, saved 1, no bonus. Ends up with 6.

I then saw it. My older daughter's eyes turned black and I swear I could see sweatshops filled with 5 year olds working for her while she laughs maniacally. She's up to something, I just know! And boy was I right.

That Monday they started a bit of summer school. They get to see their classmates for 2 hours a day and do some random activity, the big one brings her coins for some reason, and at some point I swear I saw her smirk at me on the mirror, as if she was warning me I'd get stabbed 20 times from behind with a plastic retractile knife to cut fake vegetables with.

We get there, dropped them off and left to do some shopping. When I came back for them I noticed my daughter's coin bag was empty (Remember, 2 a day max) so I asked her what happened. She smiles and says "I sold them", "What do you mean you sold them?", "Yup, they gave me real coins for them". I was proud. I have an entrepreneur! (Or the reincarnation of Genghis Khan, not sure yet). I asked how much she got and it comes out exactly at $44 pesos, $4 for every coin. Which is about $2.2 US dollars. She actually made a profit. I buy the coins bags at the candy shop and they cost me almost exactly $1 peso per coin, she got $4 each!. Here's where it all goes down hill.

We get home and she asks if we can go to the store. Little convenience store owned by the neighborhood's grandpa. I agree and we go. She gives the old man her whole $44 pesos and asks for nothing but chocolate coins. Grandpa has to make a profit off the damn things of course, so he sells them at $2 pesos each. That means my daughter sold 11 coins and with that money she's getting 22, double the amount! I just hope she doesn't find out I outsource my product or I'll be in trouble.

I'm so proud of her, she's making a profit and she's even outsmarting me. By Friday she has already sold 96 coins, all the while eating her 2 coins a day and even keeping some money since she's only investing on 20 coins a day at grandpa's store (Parents noticed and some didn't like the little shits buying 400% price inflated chocolate from her, but she kept some regulars).

Yesterday was a Monday. My daughter had 274 coins. I gave her 5. And 50% of that total was 140 more. She has 419 now. She doesn't even need to buy coins anymore, I'm her provider and I'm doing it for free... I need a bailout.

TL;DR - I thought about teaching my daughters the importance of savings, but I instead learned some people will take advantage of everybody, and some are happy just eating some chocolate.

Edit: Mogul not muggle

Edit 2: ITT IRS aficionados/nBit of backstory: I (21 M) got money for Christmas from my parents with the expectation it would be for experiences (concerts, trips, parks, etc) rather than material things. I'm an incredibly non-confrontational and generally awkward guy. I know the story sounds kind of unlikely and all I can do is promise it's true and hopefully looking at it through that lens might make it a bit more believable. Also this happened within the last 24 hours but not technically today.

So I decide to use a portion of the money to go and get a massage. I'm looking at the prices and most of them fall around $80-$100/hour, but in my cities Chinatown the rates are much lower, many offering $50/hour. In the back of my head a flittering of "happy endings" appears but I figure I don't care if that's how they get a good portion of their money, I'm just in it for a massage. Plus that's probably just locker room talk and doesn't happen much in real life. So I pick a place in Chinatown pretty much by chance, just wherever opened earliest as I had plans to go after I got off from work (night shift).

I take the subway down and get off to walk the 5ish blocks to the place. It's raining pretty decently and it's unseasonably warm, feels like spring despite being mid January which puts me in a great mood. Great way to go into this. I reach a certain street and realize I've gone too far. Weird I didn't see the sign, whatever I'll just double back. Get back to the street I originally turned off of onto this street and realize I must have missed it again. A quick google later and I got the exact address, it's about a block from me. Finally find the place and realize why I missed it, there's no sign stating it's a massage place and no distinctive feature that would even prompt you to think it was open to the public. Just a slate grey wall with a metal door and a small sign, about the size of my hand with the address on it. This is the first time I question whether I should just go to some other place, but the rain is starting to get through my light jacket and soak my clothes so whatever I go in. I land in a tiny little landing with a sign telling me to press the buzzer on the wall. I do and after a few seconds an elderly lady opens the door and motions me in. She speaks very little english but mentions how wet I am. I fumble through a quick introduction and she grabs a towel and hands it to me. I thank her and begin drying off, apparently not to her satisfaction as she takes the towel and begins to dry me off - a pretty uncomfortable experience. I look young for my age and she asks me how old I am. I say 21 and I can see the disbelief and note her drying me off is pretty belittling but I'm used to that kind of stuff so I brush it off. 

She leads me back to the massage room and I ask if I can use the restroom before it starts. She points me to a small restroom at the end of the hall. I'll spare that part but I notice there's listerine, tooth brushes, vaseline, etc. in the bathroom. By now I'm positive this place does happy ending type stuff but mostly unperturbed as I'm just looking for a massage. So I finish up and go back to the room and the elderly lady brings in my masseuse, a mid 30s lady wearing this horrendous lingerie. She speaks even less english than the elderly lady, like none at all. The elderly lady is talking to me but I can't figure out what she's trying to say. Finally I realize she's asking for the money. I hand her $50 (the price she had mentioned when I called earlier) and she says "plus tip one hundred". I'm sort of taken aback like how are you gonna ask for a tip double the original price. I tell her I was told 50 over the phone, she is very insistent on the 100 tip. By this point I understand what's going down more or less and I just come out with it. I say "I'm just looking for a massage, right, no" and do the handjob motion. She makes no motion that she acknowledged me so I repeat the statement. She keeps pressuring me "don't you think she deserve tip? Why don't you want to give tip?". Being a pushover I cave and say "I've got $100" and offer that. After a little more arguing she agrees to that. At this point I figure $100 still isn't an absurd price for an hour massage. 

With the payment out of the way, they leave the room and tell me to strip. Now I had gotten a massage once before and they had told me to strip and I did, only for her to return and tell me she didn't mean my underwear too so she left while I sheepishly put my underwear back on. This time I wasn't going to do the same thing. Plus if there was any doubt, I hoped me keeping my underwear on would clarify I was just here for the massage. The masseuse comes back in and I'm laying on the bed with the towel over my back (what I had done last time I got a massage). She motions for me to stand back up so I do and she gives me a questioning look and motions pulling off my underwear. I, for the third time do the "no handjob" bit but she mentions a shower so I think maybe for hygiene reasons/ relaxation they expect you to shower first, hence the two towels so I wrap the one around me and follow her to the shower. I go in and to my (minor at this point) surprise she follows me in. Pretty much before I can do anything she begins washing me and I'll admit it wasn't any more sexual than say a nurse washing someone and was pretty relaxing being showered so I just went with it and tried to get back into the mindset of relaxing. That finishes up and I follow her back into the original room. She motions for me to lie down and places the towel over my still naked back. Finally the massage begins and it's actually pretty decent. This goes on for in what were for sure the best 10 minutes I spent there.

At one point the massage stops and I hear some ruffling so I open my eyes and turn my head to her taking her top off. I figure this is where I draw the line so I tell her "no no no put your shirt back on I'm just here for the massage" but she doesn't understand. I motion to pull her shirt back up and she seems completely unfazed. She goes over to a bottle of listerine and gargles it in her mouth. It is just about the most bizarre experience I've ever had so I'm going between just shock in watching it and panic of like "i'm about to get arrested for soliciting a prostitute I didn't even want". She literally comes over and pulls the towel up which at this point was just covering my junk and spits the listerine into her hands and begins to give me a handjob. At this point I'm at a crossroads, like I can either just let this happen or tell her to stop, but she doesn't seem to understand or care what I'm saying and I gently move to get up and she shushes me and like gently pushes me back down and starts making ridiculous, porn-level fake moaning noises. I come up with my brilliant escape plan. From her first touching my junk to now, only like 15 seconds had elapsed but in my mind it felt like a lot more had. I fake an orgasm which she entirely doesn't buy and I hardly even try to sell. She looks at me quizically and says "OK...?" and I say "Ok ok ok yes" and finally am able to shoo her out. I wipe myself down with the towels to get the Listerine off me, rush to get dressed and walk out of there. 

TL;DR: My parents give me money to go and get an accidental and entirely unwanted handjob in Chinatown/nSo this happened yesterday. Wife is still a bit hairy eyed as we recover from it. I decided to let my 9 year old watch the original Dukes of Hazzard tv show lastnight. It was genuine, as he has a couple die cast General Lee's and he seemed real interested in watching it. Adult me thought " Heck yeah, I'm totally winning as a Dad right now". So, Episode One, only a few minutes in Boss Hog and Roscoe are talking, and the word Prostitution comes up, thankfully it's subtitled so there was absolutely no chance of my son missing it. In that instant I saw the look of curious cross his face and I immediately ,in my mind was saying "Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,oh shit" as I was trying very quickly to come up with an explanation. Then it happened , my innocent 9 year old little boy says "Dad, what's prostitution?" To which I responded "Oh, it's just a form of business that some people choose to do"....fast forward 30 minutes to the dinner table. Son looks at mother and says "Mom, I think when I get older I want to get into prostitution" My face flushed red and I could feel her eyes burning a hole through my soul. Now, if I am to correct this, I will need to explain A:Sex and B:Sex for money to my son. The only other option is to let him keep on thinking prostitution is a viable future plan.

TL:DR
Son watched Dukes Of Hazzard, learned the term Prostitution, I explained it was a type of business. He now wants to get into prostitution when he is older. Wife might murder me./n

So, a little context.

I live in Spain. I am not from Spain. In spanish, we have different words that mean the same depending the country. Think of it as the cookie/biscuit of latin america and Spain.

Today, I went to this big event they had in my city. I had to walk a lot to get there, so I was thirsty when I arrived. I decided to get to the nearest bar/pub so I could get something to drink. I enter the bar and ask for a cold tea, and the bartender gives me the can and I pay.

Here's when things go wrong.

I was going to walk more, so I thought it was more comfortable to drink from a straw.

Now, here's the thing. In Spain, "paji**t**a" means straw, and "paji**ll**a" means handjob. 

I get close to him, and I ask him:

- *Wouldn't you have a handjob for me?*

The guy looks at me, confused and angry at the same time.

+ *Do I have a what for you?*

I ask again, firmly:


- *A handjob, you know.*


The guy looks even more confused. He says, in a very confused tone

+ *No.*

Minding my business, I thank him and get out of the bar. It wasn't until 30 minutes ago I heard a friend of mine using the correct word for straw, and it dawned on me.

I asked the bartender for a handjob without knowing. Fuck. My. Life.

TL;DR: confused words for straw and handjob in Spanish, ended asking the bartender a handjob./n**THIS IS SUPER CLUTTERED AND IT STRESSES ME OUT SO I MADE A NEW POST FOR THE UPDATE:**

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9kuza2/tifu_by_spending_300_on_laundry_update/?





For reference, I’m a 27 yr old chick who is not at all rich. I grew up middle class with a very simple family. Right now, I’m traveling for work for a few weeks, so naturally I expected to do laundry at some point. I figured most Hilton’s have guest laundry so this shouldn’t be a problem. 

As I’m checking in I ask the front desk, “Do you have guest laundry or like, quarter laundry nearby?” 

He goes on to tell me they don’t have quarter laundry but their Hilton does have guest laundry. I’d just leave my shit with him and they’d have it done by that evening. 

Me, being the simpleton I am, thinks it’s complimentary. To be fair, HE SHOULD HAVE MENTIONED IT COST A LOT OF MONEY. I mean, based on my reaction alone, that should’ve been some indicator that I was not the type to drop hundos on fucking laundry. Christ, I just asked where the local laundromat was. Of course I don’t have that sort of money. Plus, after he said that, I literally jerked my head back and was like, “Really? How does that work?” And proceeded to have a lengthy conversation on how nice it was they did that and how I never did anything like that before and felt so fancy. Not once did he mention cost. Even after I dropped off my huge bag of crumpled up laundry he didn’t say a word. Hindsight, of course it cost money. But to me, in that moment, it sounded like they just did complimentary laundry for their guests. I figured most people didn’t use the service since they typically just stayed at the hotel a night or two. It was probably used mostly by few people like me who traveled for work. Maybe I’m dumb, but still. He should have mentioned a cost. 

So I go about my day. Get back to the hotel. Get my laundry and thank the girl. The guy I had talked to before was gone now and it was a new person. As I’m leaving she says, “I’ll just add the cost to your room.” 

I’m taken aback but it happens so fast that I just smile and nod and go to my room. The entire walk up I’m replaying her words in my head. Cost? What cost? It wasn’t until I got to my room that I started to panic. I raced right back downstairs and asked what she meant by that. She explained that it cost money to do the laundry service. They charged by clothing item and my total was $300 and some change!! The real fucking kicker is that they didn’t even wash nice clothes. Among the laundry was my nasty cut off sleeves gym work out shirt and gym shorts, and my nasty hole-ridden work out socks. It was weird seeing those hung up like they were a goddamn ball gown. 

Now, I was raised to be polite, so I made sure to tell her I’m not at all mad at her since it’s not her fault, but WHAT THE FUCK???  I’m proud to say I kept my composure the entire time, but I felt like crying. I still sort of do. She gave me the number to her manager, and I sent him an email yesterday afternoon. He works on Monday, so I’m definitely going to stop in and see if there is ANYTHING they can do to wipe that charge or discount it. I travel a lot for work so I have a crap ton of Hilton honors points. Enough for a two night stay in a nice hotel. I’m hoping I can just trade that in or *something.* My job definitely doesn’t cover that cost, and I most certainly don’t have that kind of dough. Not sure what I’m going to do. If anyone has any suggestions I’d be grateful for help. Unless I’m completely fucked.... 

Tl;dr - I thought guest laundry was complimentary. It is, in fact, not. Got a $300 bill when I could’ve just spent five bucks in quarters doing my own damn laundry. 


**UPDATE**

This isn't a super exciting update, but I thought I'd keep you all in the loop. I received an e-mail early this morning from one of the managers at Hilton in reply to the frantic e-mail I sent after the "incident." She is "happy to work with me on the balance" but I don't quite know what this means yet as the e-mail was pretty vague. Could be anything from a full refund, to knocking ten dollars off, or a voucher, or something like that. She also asked me what amount I could pay towards the $300 bill. 

In my head, I was like *"uhhhh how bout free-fifty yo,"* but I realized that getting away with paying a reduced rate is more than fair and she was super generous to even offer that. Realistically, if I can get this down to $50, I'd be happy. I mean, I'd be happy with anything at all, but 50 bones would allow me to rest easy at night. 

So I decided to reply. 

I thought about it, and instead of listing a number I'd contribute toward the total, I chose to give her a more detailed account of what had happened. You see, email number one was written when I was tweaking out on adrenaline after this all originally transpired. I didn't do a good job of explaining how I was mislead, or how I didn't fill out any forms, and instead sounded like some frantic teenage girl who'd just gotten her first speeding ticket. So I pretty much shared the story that I did with you all, but spiffed it up with some grown-up words. At the end, I said something along the lines of, "In regards to how much I can pay toward the $300 bill--I was prepared to spend $5 in quarters for my laundry that afternoon (haha). I'm willing to work with you on the price, but I am unable to spend anywhere near $300 for laundry."

That's good right?! I have no idea as I'm horrible at this sort of thing. I'm so bad at balancing politeness with sternness; I always lean toward to nice, so when I try to be stern I either am not stern enough or am like Winston from New Girl and take it too far. I hate complaining and causing problems!! But I hate being out $300 dollars more, so I bit the bullet. Anyway, I sent that e-mail maybe five hours ago. My original plan was to go to the hotel this afternoon and sort this out, but since I'd received that e-mail, I thought I'd hold off to see if we could solve it that way. If I don't hear back by tomorrow afternoon, I will definitely go down there after work. I held off because I felt like marching down there hours after getting an e-mail was a bit aggressive. I'm in Houston for the week (staying at a different hotel) so it's no trouble for me to make the trip.

Anyway, that's what's up!! I'm hoping she just e-mails me this afternoon, and I can be done with all this drama. Shout out to all the Redditors who offered to help me pay the bill. That's insanely nice of you and it fills me with joy to know there are such kind strangers in this world. However, I could never accept payment from strangers for my own fuck up. 


Thanks for all the support and advice!! I really appreciate it. 


/nI live with four roommates in college and we often throw big parties. Tonight they had a ton of people over from their high school some of which I knew, some of which I didn’t. I decided to chat for a few minutes, then turn in early for bed. 

I was talking to this one girl (Amanda)(NOT her real name) who I’d met a few times before through my roommates. Always thought she was cute, and especially tonight. We chatted for about an hour, and we really got along, I thought about asking her out. 

Before I worked up the courage her friends arrived and she dipped to chat with them. I decided that’d be my cue to call it a night, and I went upstairs to bed. 

And, like many men out there on the internet, I often partake in a particular activity before sleeping, especially if I’ve been drinking, which I was. And I pulled up this girls IG for... inspiration. (Call me a peeve, I don’t care. I’m sure I’m about to be called everything by my friends)). she had a video showing herself jumping into a pool in a bikini. Her friend counted down and then she jumped off the diving board. I watched it four or five times with the sound on low, and then switched over to a porn app that plays video. 

*but here’s the thing.* as we were chatting, Amanda borrowed my phone to connect to the houses Bluetooth stereo and play one of her favorite songs. (I told you, our conversation had been going well.) And after that song was over I just put on a Spotify playlist and didn’t think anything more of it. 

Except these videos were playing through the stereo now. So Amanda’s bikini video played 4 or 5 times, immediately followed by some pretty hardcore porn. I realized it after about 10 seconds into the second video, but everybody heard and stopped talking downstairs. And then about 10 seconds after that the conversation slowly picked up again.

So now I can just hope Amanda doesn’t recognize her own Instagram video by audio. And that still doesn’t really help me from the whole porn side of it. 

TDLR - didn’t disconnect from the Bluetooth and played girls IG and then porn over whole party. definitely ruined my chances with that girl, who I was chatting with. 



Edit - gonna take some sleeping pills and chalk this one up to an L. Gonna figure this shit out in the morning.

Edit 2 - woke up to a bunch of texts, mostly people asking where I was, nobody directly asked me about the stereo thing. Nothing from Amanda.

Edit 3 - casually asked my roommate about this morning as he was headed out the door. Think I’m in the clear, at least with the general party - sounds like they figured it was one of my other roommates pulling a prank, which tbh this is in his wheelhouse for pranks. He denied it obviously but nobody believes him. Think things are ok. I don’t know what Amanda thinks, since she took my phone and *shes* the one who connected to the Bluetooth, and she’s probably the only one who recognizes that video, if she even heard it. 

I have a general medium-grade anxiety from the whole thing but I guess if that’s my punishment im ok.

Edit 4 - She blocked me on IG.

Edit 5 - aforementioned roommate found this post. He found it hilarious and told me to keep it up. We laughed about it for awhile. He’s better connected to Amanda and is going to try to ask around to see what she knows. Nothing to lose at this point 🤷‍♂️

Edit 6 - well, you guys aren’t going to believe this one. Turns out she was flattered, the IG block was an accident, and we have a date next week!!

Lol, jk. She thinks I’m a fucking creep and probably won’t be coming around anymore. Told her friends, now that’s my reputation with that whole group of people. Leaving the post up cause I don’t think I can fall any further and at least people are having fun here. I’m going to go for a walk./nLast night, my wife's boss from her brand new job invited us over for dinner. On the drive over, my wife reiterated many times to me just how important it was to make a good impression. 

I scoffed and arrogantly informed my silly wife that I always make good impressions. 

My wife's boss is a single lady in her fifties, so it was just the three of us. We chitchatted over drinks and salads and seemed to really be hitting it off. She laughed at my well-timed, perfectly-appropriate jokes and my wife seemed pleased.

Soon she brought out the main course, a nice big juicy steak for each of us. As I began to cut into my steak, I was discouraged to discover how under cooked this steak was.

Now,  I've had my fair share of rare steak. I prefer medium, but I can handle rare. This was several-minutes-on-a-hot-grill short of rare. I probably could've resuscitated the cow had I tried. Instead, I sat there fidgeting with my knife and fork, worrying about how I was going to get away with not eating this steak. 

Claim vegan-ism? No, I'd already feigned great enthusiasm upon seeing the steak.

Just then, our hostess excused herself to the kitchen to take care of some dessert preparations. As I looked across the fancy dining room table at the open window of this 3rd story apartment... a cartoon light bulb appeared over my head.

I knew I had to be decisive, realizing that she could return at any moment. I committed. I grabbed the steak with my hand, gently shook off the juice and executed a perfect throw right through the center of the open window.

Here's the big time FU.  The window wasn't open.  It was the cleanest fricking window you've ever seen in your life. That is, until my mostly raw slab of steak slammed up against it and slowly slid down leaving a trail of bloody juice in its wake.

My wife - who's steak was a nice medium rare and was unaware of my predicament - turned, jaw dropped, and stared at me like I was an alien from another planet. This look then slowly morphed into more of a there-is-no-place-on-this-planet-you-can-ever-hide-from-me expression of demonic anger. 

My wife's boss heard the thud of the steak-on-window impact and came quickly. She took in the scene, the steak sitting on the window sill, the blood trail, my empty plate, and then gave me an inquisitive, puzzled look.

I just didn't know what to say. It felt like a minute of silence, but was probably 3 or 4 seconds. Finally, the best I could manage was "I... I'm so sorry. I am such a clutz... I don't know... I was just cutting it.. and... it...  ... it slipped... just ask my wife, I really am a clutz... right honey?... (no help coming from that direction) ... I will clean this up... I can't believe this... I am so sorry" etc... etc...

Both women continued to stare at me like I had escaped from the loony bin, as I smeared the blood around the window with my cloth napkin, dusted off the steak, and continued to mutter my incoherent explanation. I knew no one was buying the story.

I knew what I had to do. I sheepishly returned to my seat and proceeded to eat every bite of that disgusting, cold, chewy, bloody, raw steak. 

I remained pretty quiet the rest of the evening. My wife's only two words to me since the incident are "I'm fine". 

TL;DR:  Tried to sneakily throw my under-cooked steak through an open window... only to find out it wasn't open.

Edit: Thanks kind redditors (:

Update: Just got the first post-"I'm fine" communication from my wife, via text, who is at work...

"good news, [boss' name] and i just had a good laugh over how much of a fucking idiot u are. i hope u know u will never live this down. love u you moron"/nThis just happened last week and I am still very upset. I work for a medium sized drilling company with about 200 employees. I am in Accounts Payable \(AP\). My job is laymen terms was to take all the invoices, organize them, archive them, and then pay them. Usually we would process about 1000/month and they would range from 1 page to 50 sometimes. The scanning was the worst part though. We would print every single invoice, then scan it, then archive it. With our copier, I had to scan each invoice separately, then rename it on the shared folder to the date and then put it in the corresponding company folder. We had 4 people doing this.

A new hire came on about 3 months prior and told us about at her old company, they would just put a separator sheet with a barcode between each invoice and be able to scan a stack of invoices and it will auto separate the invoices into separate files which we can then go and manually rename and organize into the right folder. That sounded amazing to me. That would save a lot of time and reduce the most tedious part of my job.

Here is the fuck up. I tell my boss about this technology and they call the copier company to inquire about it. A meeting is set up with myself, my boss, our IT manager and their sales rep and software specialist. They ask a lot of questions about the process we currently have and what we want. I answer all of it and explain exactly what we need. They tried to pitch the idea of a more integrated system, but we told them that's not what we are looking for and they seemed to accept it. I come out of the meeting excited because they tell me they can do exactly that.

About 2 months go by and I haven't heard from any higher\-ups what is going on with the new software until one day I get called into my bosses office. I come to find out that the software company took the information I gave them and went to our CFO about integrating a new system to essentially automate 90&#37; of the AP process. I am also told that I'm being laid off due to this and I find out later they laid off 2 of my coworkers as well. So essentially this company that was suppose to help me ended up seeing a much bigger opportunity to sell a much more expensive software that screwed me but saves them 150k a year in salaries. Fuck.

**TLDR: I had my bosses reach out to a software company to look into simplifying one part of my job, but they used the information to sell another software that put me and 2 others out of a job.**


Edit: Wow! Didn't expect this to get so popular. Yes I should have kept my mouth shut, but at the same time the system we had in place was very inefficient and was bound to change. Like I would start my morning taking the batch of signed documents from the day prior, grabbing the largest ones and scanning them while grabbing coffee or browsing reddit. It was a joke and also very very verrrrry boring. I'm mostly pissed at the IT manager who I thought was a friend but I didn't even realize the project he was working on the last month was to have me out of a job.

Also I don't hate my boss. His hands were tied by upper management. He also offered to get each of us an interview at our parent company and I have an interview next week. It might even pay more! This experience has definitely made me a little more aware of how easily replaceable you can be, and I think im going to take the advice of other commenters and be a bit more diligent about being irreplaceable in my next job./nI'm a pretty fit guy, but I've been toking a little too much lately and decided I need to occupy my time with more productive and healthy habits i.e. exercising.

So today I was in my school's gym (I go to a small D3 college on the west coast) doing my usual workout routine, and I got to the portion where I do two one-minute wall sits. The first one went fine, I felt a little shakier than normal but I'm sleep deprived so I figured that was why. 

The second wall sit, however, was significantly more difficult than i'm used to. There were 5 seconds left, I was boring holes into the clock with my eyes, and my legs were shaking like a senile Chihuahua's. When the clock fiNaLLy hit the one minute mark, I stood up, and came in my pants.

Literally.

It was so bizarre. The trembling started in my groin where the majority of the pain was and then moved in between my legs, and I just came. My dick was.soft the whole time. 

So there I was, standing up, legs crossed, probably looking like a fucking creep.  Luckily my compressions kept everything...contained...but I still got a weird look or two. 

I can never leave my dorm again ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. 

tl;dr I got super shaky during my workout and had a spontaneous orgasm in the middle of my gym in front of several people and now I can't be seen in public anymore

Edit: I left out the fact that did actually orgasm- some people are under the impression that I literally squeezed the golden glue out of my balls. If that were the case, I'd be in the hospital not on reddit
/nSo because of circumstances beyond my control this didn't happen today.

Cue my first date with a girl I met on Tinder, we meet up at a restaurant and get to talking. This are going great, she thinks I'm funnier in person (when does that ever happen?!), she actually invites me to the mall to hangout more with some of her friends when dinner is over.

So after the food arrives the conversation turns a little more towards how we met (pay close attention and you will spot my mistake). She states she's glad I'm normal and not some sort of serial killer.

Now I could have just laughed... I could have but I was funny remember? I replied with "Oh thanks for thinking I'm normal! But I actually am a serial killer, bodies for days buried out at the farm."

She laughed, I laughed, I thought I did great at making it sound sarcastic.

She excuses herself to the bathroom to do whatever girls do in bathrooms on dates. It was taking a questionably long time for her to return and I was slightly worried she bailed and stuck me with the bill, my luck right? Wrong.

So unbelievably wrong, my luck was worse as police officers suddenly appear out of nowhere and tell me to keep both of my hands visible on the table.

At this point I'm confused, this must be a joke. I see my date coming with a staff member and get ready for Ashton Kutcher to appear, no such luck.

The police ask if it's me and she says ya, the cops get me to stand up and handcuff me and walk me out, not a single person seems to want to answer any of my questions.

I'm in the car and the police are outside talking to my date for a few minutes when they get into the car with me and ask me if I told my date I was a serial killer, areyoufuckingkiddingme...

I tell them yes but I was joking.

LPT: Don't admit to police you told someone you were a serial killer.

So that derailed my plans, I spent the next 5-6 hours explaining myself over and over and over that I was kidding.

I guess eventually they either believed me or got tired of hearing me speak much to my lawyers disapproval (to me speaking) and let me go and reminded me that my jokes suck.

I'm not sure how date number two will go but I'm excited to find out, also a bright side is that I have no idea who paid for my food.

TL:DR: I made a joke I was a serial killer, date doesn't get sarcasm, I spend hours in the police station./nI worked in a hospital as an auxilliary nurse around 10 years ago on a geriatric ward in the UK, one of the duties was moisturising broken skin etc on the patients legs/ arms etc or wherever was needed.One lady (who I shall call Doris) had very dry skin on her upper thigh and needed a cream on her daily to keep it from getting worse.

As I was applying the cream to her upper thigh she shifted her body because of the pain, and my fingers slipped and one entered her vagina, I was shocked and took about half a second to remove it as was a bit taken aback, I apologised about 20 times.Doris just looked at me with a big smile and said, "don't worry dear, it happens" then chuckled and said "it's been a while"I must have washed my hands about 30 times and questioned my career choice, colleagues thought it was hilarious.Next day an old man in a hoist shit on my converse and it soaked through to my sock... I realised I wasn't cut out for this job and handed my notice in there and then.

Edit: I was wearing gloves... but scrubbed the shit out of my hands anyway as it was fucking horrific.

TLDR: Was moisturising an old ladies thigh at a hospital and accidently slipped my finger into her,  


Edit 2: My first gold. cheers guys :) /nSo this happened last night into this morning. If you dont know what destroy dick december is, its when you fap/ejaculate for every day of the month for that specific date. Anyway me being the fast ejaculator that I am, I actually took the challenge. I can make myself cum in under a minute the first time if i really want to and I normally do at least twice each "session". I am uncircumcised and could never get my skin back when i'm fully erect (will be relevant later)

I did no fap November so on the first day there was quite a load and a huge relief. Everything went alright until about the 6th day where It was becoming really difficult to get myself to cum. took too long even though that i spaced it out throughout the day. But no worries I had a genius plan to solve this. Make a masturbation machine for guys. You know you've seen those ones they make for the girls with a dildo strapped to a drill or something or the other. I had my idea i just needed to execute it.

On the 8th day (yesterday), I Decided to take what prisoners called a "fifi" and improve upon it. I took a 2 liter soda bottle, cut the top 1/4 of it off and bent the rim inwards (should have bent it outwards and taped over it instead but im getting ahead of myself). I bore a hole in the cap with a screw from the inside of the cap and duct taped over it not to prevent any leaks. I then took a rubber latex glove, making sure the fingers were inside and taped it over the end of the bottle I had just cut. I pulled a few of the fingers through the actual bottle opening (where you normally pour from). Then filled that baby up with some warm water and screwed it back up. I was proud of my contraption.

It was time to put her to the test. I took a drill and placed the screw in the part where you would normally put a drill bit, squirted some lotion in the glove, stuck my Johnson in there and gave her a test run.It worked like a dream. I didnt have to wear my arm out spanking it anymore, I could even adjust the speed to make me cum faster. After the first session I thought I could make it better by having it fully automated instead of having to hold the trigger down. Later that night when I was going for my 5th try. I got a zip tie and strapped it to the trigger and went to town. 

This try was pretty close to the last try since I woke up late that morning and had to start later. When I came i convulsed and lost all control while in orgasm, the drill still going at high speed had torn through the glove and the plastic end came in contact with my dick and sliced it right open. I was in a state of pain and pleasure.. I made a loud scream and my roommate came barging in to check on me. I dont remember the look on his face because I was in so much pain but i do remember him going "what the fuck" and pointing at my dick. I was bleeding badly and I can see part of my foreskin just hanging off of my penis. I was freaking the fuck out. Roommate said i needed to go to the hospital but i was reluctant considering the situation. after i while i said fuck it and he drove me to the hospital.

When they finally saw me, the nurses cleaned me up and the doctors were debating over something or the other. After a few minutes they came back to me saying that because so much of my foreskin had been cut off (the right half had actually been clean cut off, probably still somewhere in my room). They thought it was best to just circumcise me and take off the rest. Now a man in pain hearing that his dick will be cut off was just too much. i was flipping balls. Since this post is kind of long already I'll spare all the fine details. They ended up convincing me to get the circumcision, procedure was rather short. Came home with less of my dick that i had left with. Had to clean up my blood bath and threw away my invention. Dont  pull a MacGyver like i did, old fashion way works and stick with it.

TL;DR Made a masturbating machine that ended up slicing my dick and had to get circumcised.

Edit: changed "no fap December" to "November". glad i decided to make a throwaway for this lol. No i didnt think I was going to make it all the way to day 31, I just wanted to see how far I can get. Was hoping to make something out of it. No more fapping for me for a while anyway ://nThe TIFU was last night, not this morning.  

As I do most nights, I check on my kids just before turning in myself. My daughter seemed a little restless, but nothing out of the unusual. As I was leaving her room, though, I heard her mutter something. She often just says sweet things like, "I love you, Dad" or sometimes she talks in her sleep. Either way I usually listen in. So I paused at the door and asked, "Did you say something?" Another mutter and she rolled to her side. I knelt down beside her (she has been opting to sleep on the floor lately). This time she growled a bit and her dinner of hotdogs, carrot sticks, and orange juice made a quick exit onto her blankets, hair, and stuffed animal collection. I sat her up and was rubbing her back reassuringly and she finished coating the remaining blankets and sleeping bag with what seemed like an endless supply of orange liquidy pulp. An hour an a half later we were finally getting her back to bed after a shower and a few more sessions of upchuck/cleanup/rinse & repeat. The 3 other garbage bags of laundry that didn't immediately fit in the washing machine would have to wait until morning. 

"Where's the proverbial FU?" you're asking. It's right here. See, as a Dad, I like to be prepared and protect and provide for my family should situations arise when I can make life a little more comfortable in hairy situations. I'm also fairly pragmatic in that if I can avoid or mitigate the effects of a disaster I will. That being said, I'm prepared for most emergencies. I've got several boxes of gear with duct tape, batteries, rope, tie downs, flashlights, toilet paper, etc.. They've come in handy before and undoubtedly they'll come in handy again. 

Being an avid reader of all things reddit, I remember from a LifeProTip post that you can help vomiting kids find the target they're aiming for by placing a glow stick in the bottom of the garbage can. Well, this summer's camping trip used up all the little kid glow stick bracelets. No worries, über Dad has got you covered. I'll just dig into my disaster prep stash and break out the beefy, industrial glow sticks. Now what I didn't realize was that these particular glow sticks had been subjected to some pretty intense West Coast heat for the last few summers. The worst thing that could happen was they no longer worked. Wrong.

Heading through the living room I soon found out that the components inside the stick work great. The structural integrity of the plastic stick, however, had become brittle with age and temperature fluctuations. As I bent the glowstick, the plastic immediately burst spewing forth a shower of luminescent liquid. Absolutely everywhere. It hit the ceiling, the walls, full bookcases, the shoe rack, the furniture, the carpet, and the blinds. Everything within a 15 foot reach was coated in a bright, neon green spray pattern that would enthrall Dexter Morgan if he used luminol and blacklighting. For just an instant, I seriously felt like Carl Sagan leaving my comfortable living room and stepping into a magical place with "billions and billions of stars." Then reality immediately crashed back in on me when I realized that not only did I spray luminous, oily glow juice everywhere, but also flung the broken, thin glass shards from the capsules inside those sticks. So began another hour plus round of cleaning and glass shard hunting at zero dark thirty.

TLDR: Read a LPT about putting glowsticks in sick buckets, ended up creating a mini-universe in my living room.

Edit: Thank you all for the kind words, support, and my most upvoted submission. You're all great! Reading all the comments made my day after such a seemingly long night. And thank you to the golden guilded cherry popper for one of my comments below. Not sure what to do with it, but the gesture is appreciated.
/n*Throwaway account, because I have no intention of memorializing this fuck up in my actual Reddit history.*

This happened over the past weekend. 

So, there I am, masturbating in the shower. I was sharing a guest house with five other occupants. It wasn't a vacation. It was work accommodation. We were crew on an intense television series that was being filmed in various small town locations. Lots of long days and late nights. The usual shit. 

It's 20:30pm. **Fuck up time.**

It was the end of a long ass week. I had to purge. So, I smoked some weed with the crew/roomies, and then took a shower. I wasted no time getting down to nut busting business once I went nude. I didn't realize just how damn long it's been since I choked the chicken, until that first stroke. I damn near moaned. 

I up the speed. My hand is practically becoming a blur. I'm so deep in the moment, or you know, just too damn high to realize, that I'm actually holding my breath the entire time. My head's beginning to feel like it's spinning. I don't stop. I'm approaching the point of no return. It's close. I can feel it. Just another stroke or two to unlock the jizz gates. At that moment, I pass the fuck out. 

I wake up within moments on the bathroom floor, bleeding. At the same time, the door swings open as two stoned colleagues of mine barge in to see if the crashing sound they heard wasn't all in their heads. For the record, it wasn't. When I collapsed, I fell, back first, through the fucking glass walls of the shower. 

Thus, there I was, naked in front of the two dudes I work/live with, covered in minor cuts and a load of cum. 

What will no doubt scar us all forever was my damn dick remained rock hard and throbbing when I gained consciousness. Which is how those motherfuckers found me on the floor. 

Fuck you, life. **Fuck. You.**

*Fuckyoufuckyoufuckyoufuckyoufuckyoufuckyou.*

*Edit: Never expected this to blow up! Appreciate all the awards, you wonderful people, much love!*

*Edit: Haha... 20:30pm. I see it! Thank you all for pointing out the true fuck up. Lol #savage.*

TL;DR I smoked weed, stroked the D, and forgot to breathe./nSo I don't even know why I'm posting this but I guess I just wanted to share.

I live at home with my parents still and 2 weeks ago we were preparing to go on a week long vacation to our vacation house which has no wifi.

Of course, I had to prepare for a week with no wifi, so I booted up utorrent and got to work on movies, tv shows and songs.

I also like to stroke my shaft, so I downloaded some porn. This was my fuckup.

The porn that I downloaded was Brazzers produced. In case you don't know, Brazzers is ***anal*** about their IP.

Fast forward to this morning, we've been home for a few days and my dad forwarded me an email from comcast that like states our IP address and says we breached copyright laws and lists some infringement details, but the bad thing is it has Brazzers name as the copyright holder and the title of the infringing work or something is like "Sorority girl gets plowed by fratboys" and now I'm freaking out waiting for my family to come home for dinner.

To make matters worse I'm in a frat and my sister is in a sorority and my mom was too and my dad was a fratboy as well so it's going to look super bad.

What do?

**TLDR: torrented brazzers and they emailed my dad**/n
So this happened about a year ago and I finally decided to write about it...

I decided to start going to the gym before school, so I would go from about 7.00 until 8.00 and then go straight to school (they were right next to each other). The funny thing about this gym is that it was actually part of another school, an all girls school (you can see where this is going)...

So one morning I go to the gym and work out, get pretty sweaty and go to take a shower. I walk into the men’s changing room at about 8.10 and head into the showers. Little did I know, the showers in that part of the sports centre are open to the school, not the public, after 8.00. As I’m half way through scrubbing, I start to hear noises, laughing, talking, shrieking and my heart - no joke - went straight to my toes. I was stood in a shower, butt naked, with just my towel and my clothes across the room, frozen. After about 5 minutes of contemplating sitting in the shower for the whole day, I put my towel around my waist and stepped out the shower. Bam. The money shot. About a hundred changing school girls staring at me, frozen. It genuinely felt like we were all stuck like that for a minute. Eventually after everyone started screaming I grabbed my stuff and ran straight back into the shower cubicle shouting “sorry! sorry! sorry! sorry!”. I got changed, still wet, and ran to school in shock. 

I’m pretty sure I’ll never get rid of the image of all those wide eyes staring at me. 

TL;DR
I didn’t know the gym opened the male changing rooms to its female students at 8:00 and I decided to take a shower, leading to an awkward stand-off between one semi-naked boy and 100 semi-naked girls. 

EDIT: I was 17 at the time /nThrowaway because I don’t need any PMs after this. Mobile, LTLFTP, you know the drill.

This happened around mid July a few years ago when things were just starting to heat up with my current boyfriend.

Just want to get this out of the way, I love my boyfriend to bits. He’s wonderful to me and has been very accommodating to various kinks that I have. That being said, he’s got one problem: he, 7 times out of ten, takes fucking forever to finish. It’s something that’s embarrassed him for a long time that we’re dealing with now, but back then I had no idea what was going on.

Anyway! Moving on with to the fuckup:

We’re making out in his car, sitting in my driveway when things start to get heated. One thing leads to another and soon his dick is in my mouth. It’s the second time I’m sucking his dick, or any dick in general, so I’m doing my best to, you know, do my best and make him feel good.

The position is admittedly crazy weird because he had a *very* small car. We’re both in the front sheet and I’m propping myself up on my elbows/hands and knees, leaning over the center armrest and just going for it. 

It’s hot and all, but soon my hands and feet start to fall asleep. I try shifting the weight around, but nothing’s working and like a real champ I’m just not giving up the bullet. 

Eventually, finally, god (or satan I guess) smiles upon me and he finishes. I’m happy to get up, he’s happy he came and extremely embarrassed, making sure I’m alright and everything. Feet and hands are still asleep but I don’t think anything of it until a couple days later.

(Side note: I knew I had some problems with circulation/pinched nerves. They ran in the family, and every time I wore heels it was a contest to see how long my toes would stay numb)

So! A few days go by, I’m happy, everything is going great and one of my coworkers asks me to hold up three fingers for her. Cue my surprise when my pinky finger and ring finger will not extend at all, and instead remain claw-shaped. As if that wasn’t bad enough, my thumb and pointer finger go completely numb.

That was the beginning. Turns out I had not only mildly pinched my left ulnar nerve (a nerve that runs from the elbow to the fingers), I had also exacerbated the development of an auto-immune condition extremely rare in people my age.

The numb sensation spreads to both of my feet and my hand begins to squish like play-doh. We visit countless neurologists and a surprise hand doctor who all recommend an MRI, EMG (nerve testing), muscle testing, pretty much every blood test in the book, a spinal tap, an IV steroid treatment for a week (right before finals) and a pill regimen that would put an opiate addict to shame. (36 (large) pills a day for a year).

Ultimately the steroids would fix the muscle death that was beginning in my hands and feet and the numbing sensation, but they can with all the wonderful side effects of steroids like weight gain, acne, irritability, etc.

I didn’t even get jacked.

Doctors said it was idiopathic. Only I know the truth. 

In the end: Don’t be afraid to tap out kids. Your partner should 100% accommodate you if you let them know that you’re uncomfortable/in pain. Don’t be like me, get off your knees.

**TL;DR: Sucked dick for too long, pinched a nerve and kickstarted rare autoimmune dissuade that left me on steroids for a year and with several painful medical procedures/experiences under my belt.**

EDIT: Thanks for the gold, strangers! First time receiving any kind of reddit award and its on this lol.

For those asking since it seems to be coming up a lot: I was diagnosed with Idiopathic Mononeuritis Multiplex. The "disorder" is typically a symptom associated with more serious conditions like lupus, diabetes, etc. Its extremely rare in young people, and so far they have not found a cause for it, hence idiopathic.

Also, since many people seem to want to know: my boyfriend is not and was not taking any kind of drugs, be they antidepressants or recreational. 

/nSo, first time posting here, still 10 shades of red from the embarrassment. So, I decided on my payday to treat myself to a breakfast at the international house of pancakes. I get seated and enjoy my Dr pepper waiting for my meal when I see a woman across the restaurant sitting with her two small children, about 3 and 4. 

Nothing out of the ordinary, except I see that the two children are sharing a pancake and a water, and thought about my mom being single and struggling, so I decided to do something good for a change. When my waitress came by I asked if I could get my check and the woman's as well, and to tell her to order whatever she wanted. The waitress looked pleasantly surprised and informed the mother that someone offered to pay for her meal and to order whatever she wanted, so she got both the kids some pancakes in the shape of a smiley face and a stack of pancakes for herself and orange juices all around. The waitress informed the mother that I paid for the meal, (it should be noted that there were three tables being sat, and we were the ones ones in that side of the restaurant,) and she smiled and waved at me. I nodded as I finally achieved enough good karma to clear my conscious and headed for the register. 

Here's where the FU happens:
The manager checked me out and told me that paying for her meal was so nice of me to do, and I batted the compliment away just enough to be humble but stroke my ego. As she tells me the balance, I pull out my wallet and hand her my AutoZone rewards card. She stares at me blankly and when I look down,

 I AM MORTIFIED.

That is where I leave my debit card, and that's when it hits me that I bought something at Kinokuniya the day before and wrapped my receipt around my card, then threw the bag and receipt in the trash.

Now, I do have Google pay, so I figured I could pay with that since most places that take Apple pay take Google pay as well, however, they said that their location is cash only, the reason for that will never be known to me. The manager is SUPER understanding, but says something about "things happening for a reason," and straight up that she can't allow me to leave without paying. I realize now that created a situation in which I've allowed a woman to order food for what she thinks is free, only for it to turn out that some a-hole left her with the bill. I have no choice but to ask the only other customer if I could have him pay for both our meals and I could follow him to the bank. 

The look on this man's face was so condescending and confused that as soon as I asked, I apologized and walked away. 

Now, with NO OTHER OPTIONS, I have to do the hands down MOST EMBARRASSING AND CRINGIEST in my life. At this point I don't know of the mother has caught wind of what is going on, but when I approached her, she told me how appreciative she was, that she had just been laid off and just wanted to let her kids eat something before she takes them to the welfare office for the rest of the day to try to get on food stamps. At this point she had tears in her eyes and I did as well, thinking of my own mother, and how little things like a pancake with a whipped cream smiley face made my whole week, and how my mother did her very best to try to allow us to have a normal childhood, and I am forever grateful to her for that. However, the whole time I'm thinking how to break it to her, and as I'm about to tell her the situation, she tells her kids to thank me, and they do, with whipped cream all over their faces, smiling and laughing, and at this point I feel as though I'm in impractical Jokers or some type of prank show. 

I had no idea how to break it to her, so I said:

"You're so welcome, but.... I actually... Kinda... Lost my debit card. I have the money in my bank account, if you have something like cash app or venmo, I could pay you. Would it.be possible to pay... for both of us?"  

I don't believe in God, but in that moment I wanted him to smite my ass and send me straight to hell.

Her face turned blank, with such a sad look on her face, as to say, " PLEASE you can't be serious?" I realized by her face that she didn't have the money, and we both kinda glanced at her kids who didn't have a care in the world as to what happens now.

At this point I have no idea what I'm going to do, everyone I know is at work, I'm not in my usual area, and I feel super bad for putting this lady in this position against her will. Luckily, the turning point of the story is that she said that her brother works about 10 minutes away, and he has a card and can come pay the bill. I apologised profusely, and was only trying to make her day a little better, she was also very understanding and grateful. The brother came by to pay the bill, I paid him back and then some, after it was all said and done we had a little bit of a laugh about it, and we parted ways.

TLDR; I offered to pay for a mom and her children's meal, and to order more food only to discover I lost my debit card and asked her to pay for both of our meals, her brother comes to the rescue and I pay him extra for his troubles

Footnote: sorry for the formatting and grammatical errors, I'm using voice to text on my phone from work

Update: Thanks for the gold, I hate seeing this message but this whole situation has came back around and put a smile on my face

Update #2: I want to thank everyone for the discussions, and also on the fact that I should carry at least some other form of payment like a credit card. My mother has never had a credit card and unfortunately I learned a lot of my financial responsibilities from her, so finances aren't my strong point. I am learning about trying to get a good credit score, never really understood how credit cards work, but definitely going to look into it. Also, since some time has passed, I've been able to laugh about it, definitely will be something I won't forget anytime soon. It won't make me shy away from doing something decent in the future either, hope everybody can I learn from my mistake and check to make sure you have a way to pay for your meal before you order. 

Update #3: The time was around noon, but I wanted breakfast. That's why I had a dr. Pepper at that time, but I'll drink dr. Pepper in the morning if I want, it's Texas y'all. Also, I said that it was cash only but she was telling me that basically they didn't accept any type of Mobile payment.

Update#4: it was around noon, that's why I drink dr. Pepper, I just wanted to eat breakfast like waffles. Hindsight is 20/20. I will carry cash with me from now on. 

Update #5: I don't really have anybody to rely on for emergencies like this, my three friends, two of which were at work, one that was out of state, couldn't help me this time, although they offered to give me their card number they wanted a physical card. I offered to leave my cell phone and driver's license but she wasn't having it. From me arriving to leaving was about 2 hours, situation lasted about half an hour.

Final Update: I want to apologize, I never meant to cause trouble for anyone. Yes I should have had a credit card, extra cash, and another way to have access to emergency funds. It was irresponsible of me to put someone in a very hard situation who clearly was going through a lot. I grew up poor most of my life and now that I've earned a job that gives me the opportunity to give back I try to do so when I can. I never had a financial influence in my life, so I'm still learning things along the way. Again I'm sorry./nThis happened about a week ago, and I’m still trying to process everything.  My girlfriend and I went through a breakup but got back together after a couple weeks.  Soon after getting back together, I was alone in her room and she was in the shower. I was laying on her bead when I noticed a old chemistry notebook, me being a blockhead decided to open it because I wondered why she still had it.  What greeted my eyes was an entry from when we were broken up about how she and her ex were hooking up and how much she was liking it.  I decided to go back a couple more pages and found out that her and her ex were hanging out before we broke up, behind my back, and that most of the reasoning for her breaking up is because she wanted to get back with this ex who was “just a friend”.  I also found out that part of the reason she wanted to get back together was because she found out her ex was talking to someone else and that her ex just wanted to be friends with benefits but nothing more.  I don’t know what do do now but part of me wishes I never opened that diary because I can’t stop thinking about it.

TL/DR: Read my girlfriends diary on accident, found out she broke up with me for her ex, and got back together with me because her ex didn’t want a relationship.

Edit: Wow, did not expect to get this many responses.  First of all I want to thank everyone, regardless of your opinion you guys all helped.  I’m about to graduate HS and I think what I’m going to do is wait till schools done then break it off, the reason for is that we are in the same friend group and I don’t want to have to deal with it and finals at the same time.  You guys have opened my eyes, Ill update when it all goes down for you guys wanting an update./nNot only has this been the craziest week of my entire life, it might probably be any individual's craziest week ever.

In my last [post](https://old.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/clt0i3/tifu_by_sleeping_with_a_married_woman/), that blew up wayy beyond my expectations. A lot has happened since then. Aside from multiple messages, hate, getting a girl's phone number, and disbelief of that story... Let me tell ya folks, it is very, very real.

I was told that the husband came into the bar looking for a red headed guy with a beard named "Jonathan". So unless he reads the original post on the Reddits, I'm safe. I think.

Her car is finally gone. And I haven't heard anything from the husband directly, but this shit has gotten juicier.

I shared the post with a friend that I had lost touch with, because life and everything. And figured she'd get a kick out of this insanity. She asks what her name was. I tell her, and she was like "OMG I WAS GUESSING THAT YOU WERE GONNA SAY ________" Well then I ask for a picture, to confirm if it's the same girl.

[FUCK MY LIFE](https://i.imgur.com/DOzdqoD.png)

So once my heartbeat comes down, and texting this mutual friend about the situation. I get this [reassurance](https://i.imgur.com/GjUplx2.png). She said she'd message him, and would have my back.

Wellllll, [shit.](https://i.imgur.com/uP86Z0X.png)

As I go to sleep dreading the final outcome of this already fucked up situation...I woke up this morning to more hate and other messages from my original post. I text the friend, letting her know that the car is finally gone. and was also eager to hear what the husband had said back to her.

[Blame it on the Goose](https://i.imgur.com/BCOx7hH.png)

I am hoping this is all over now. HOPING. There is so much fucked up'd in this story with everyone involved. Myself included. I get home from running my errands and lunch n stuff today. My across the street neighbor approaches me.

[At least I'm not Jeremy](https://i.imgur.com/idTxr9d.png)

In conclusion, be careful of what you stick your dick in. I wish I was making all of this up. I do appreciate all the comments and laughs from the last post. And more importantly you taking the time to read it. I do have similar stories to tell. But Imma wait for this smoke to settle before I get into that.

TLDR: I slept with a woman I didn't know was married, her husband blamed it on her drinking.

Edit: [I guess she's missing again](https://i.imgur.com/FRAFEpZ.png)/nThis happened 2 years ago, it was saturday night 2am, i went out with some friends and they dropped me off about 40feet away of my car, no big deal, i'm a 20 yo man and the street had good light. When i approached my car i noticed it was unlocked and my glove compartment's stuff was scrambled all over the car. I got my phone and dialed the police number but when i was about to call i was approached by a young man with a hoodie that was in the car behind me, he asked me if i had a wheel wrench to change his tire because he had a flat tire. I said "yeah sure but first let me call the police, my car got mugged" but he insisted that i didn't called the police because he was drunk driving.

He kept insisting and i didn't want any trouble so i got my wheel wrench and gave it to him, and indeed his car had a flat tire but something seemed odd, he kept insisting to help him but i was just looking at him with the feeling that something was off and i didn't knew what it was. 2 minutes passed and shit just hit the fan, suddenly 1 car that was coming at high speed breaks right next to me and 4 middle age men got out screaming "WTF YOU THINK YOU DOING?" in my mind i just tought "well, this is how i die". Behind me the young man who was changing the tire starts running and no one follows him because they have me. 1 of them grabed me by the neck, threw my phone away and pushed me to the car yelling several times "DO YOU KNOW WHAT YOU'RE DOING!?" while the others are puching my head. I was scared to death because i didn't knew what was going on and just said i didn't knew anything and tried explaining my point of view wich non of them believed. They said if i didn't tell them who my "friend" was i would get beaten up even more. 2 more cars stops and at this point it's about 15 people around me screaming and threating me. One of them mentions that they called the police and i was more relief. Police came and they took me to their van were i explained everyting, they understood my situation and said i was free to go and that i could file a complaint for assault. I got in my car, still having people screaming at me and drove to the police station where i filled a complaint against the man who assaulted me. It was several weeks later that the police explained me that the man i helped was a criminal and the vehicle had been stolen. The men that were screaming and the man who assaulted me was friends of the owner of the vehicle. Got me an attorney and i'm about to go to court next week, i will update soon.

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Tried to help a man change his tire, didn't knew he was a thief changing a tire of a stolen vehicle and i got beaten up by the friends of the owner's vechicle.

&#x200B;

Sorry for any spelling mistake, english is not my first language.

Edit 1: WOW this blew up!! Thank you all for your support! To clarify, he *said* he was drunk driving, but was just an awful excuse, he didn't seemed drunk but he seemed capable of knocking me off if i insisted.

Edit 2: My first gold and silver!! Thank you!!! So to clarify even more, yes shit took this long to go to court. My attorney spoke with the attorney of the guy who assaulted me and their attorney said I should drop the case that is a lost case for me LOL we'll see about that.. Thank you all once again and I will update asap!

Edit 3: COURT DAY! What happened was that their attorney said that the best to do was making a deal, because he didn't have much money to pay and it would take months and the law-court couldn't make sure he would paid me. What my attorney advised was to go with the deal of half the value of we propose and he would pay right now, so I had 2 options: 
1. Condemn him at court, the judge probably would make him pay, maybe a less value and he would have a criminal record which could have repercussions on me, and even if the value was more then half he didn't have any money or possessions and it would take time of him to pay.
2. He would pay half the amount right there and make an apology to me.

I went with the second option, got some cash, he made an apology and we went with our lives. 
I hope the fact that he needed to get a lawyer and go to court served as a lesson

Thank you all and feel free to ask some questions!/nThis happened almost 17 years ago, and my girlfriend, now lovely wife still teases me about it to date.

I was 21 years old, and just moved away from home from Oregon up to Canada. My buddies and I just finished moving me into my new apartment, after a week of doing so. They were tired so they decided to start their grand trek home back to the US. Myself on the other hand, had nothing but time. I decided to try my luck to make friends or try to bring a girl home for the night. So I went to a bar (Woody's, Coquitlam, BC, Canada) and decided to enjoy the first day in my new city. Left early because there was a Hockey game on and I wanted to watch it. 2 hours later I sit down enjoy a couple of beers with some guys at the bar and I begin to leave, when I was stopped by a young woman at one of the booths. With tears in her eyes, she asked me if she could talk to me I said of course (being the nice guy that I am), and she told me what was up. Her boyfriend was apparently just using her for sex and she was left for a younger, "more attractive" woman. I said to her, " I just moved here, and I'd love it if you could show me around." She glowed at my proposition and we called it a date. She took me to to the movies, and I took her to her favourite restaurant. We ordered wine and we got a Lamb Dinner for Two. After a few bottles of wine and tons of great stories I she invited me back to her place, I was nervous, but I kept my cool. When we stepped in she said that she had to "get ready". I waited for a while, and she came out 15-20 minutes later, in very revealing lingerie. She said sorry for the wait, she was cleaning her room and I said all good.

Now here's the kicker. I have slight social anxiety, but even then, I don't think it'll ever be that bad ever again.

I could feel my heart racing, beating faster and faster with each beat making me more nervous. Then it happened. She was too beautiful for me. My raging erection got the best of me and I chickened out. She asked what was up, and I instinctively responded, "I'm just not in the mood," trying not to hurt her feelings. We eventually cuddled up on the couch and we watched some TV. I slept the night, and woke up to her shaking me. She said, "You know, I could have helped with that, right?" I was confused, then she pointed at my briefs and there was a MASSIVE stain, right around the junk. I was so embarrassed that my face was (apparently) as red as a tomato. She laughed, and I did too. Now that woman is my loving wife and she is forcing me to post this. 




Oh god please help.


Just kidding :)



TL;DR:

My girlfriend, now wife, showed me around my new town, took me to her favourite places, and took me back to her apartment. I chickened out and had a wet dream during the night.

Edit: Spelling and incorrect punctuation.

/nOh boy, here we go. 

I made a big oops. I knew it as soon as I received a text from my dad while I was at work earlier today, saying “Tell your boss you’re going to be late tomorrow for a family emergency. We have important family business to do in the morning”. My parents know my job is very important, and wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize it. So, my dad telling me to lie to my boss made me realize that something big is going down. Needless to say, I couldn’t focus much on my work for the rest of the day. I texted my dad asking what happened, but he wouldn’t answer. 

Just to preface: my family, particularly my parents, are very strict South Asian Muslims. They follow the religion devoutly, and there are some sins to them that are absolutely unforgivable, the big ones (besides, y’know, obviously not murdering someone) being: don’t eat pork, don’t drink alcohol, and don’t have sex. 

Now, I shall also preface by saying that I am, in no way, religious. I moved home recently after living on campus for college, where I happily lived a double life. I spread my wings, ended up loving alcohol, and did a bunch of other fun, sinful things. 

Now, I knew when I moved home that this kind of fun would need to end, or at least, need to be done with the utmost secrecy. 

But I’m a fucking idiot. 

I bought a six pack of Mike’s last time when I was at the grocery shop. Smuggled it home, hid it in a corner of my wardrobe. The same corner where I hid an old male friend’s clothes that I forgot to return (remember that rule I mentioned saying “no sex”? Well, there’s not many things they could’ve thought when they saw those basketball shorts and undershirt.) 

Anyways, while I was at work today, my mother took the pleasure of organizing and cleaning my room. Which, lucky for me, included my wardrobe.

Holy fucking hell. Not only did they find my alcohol “stash”, they also found a boy’s shirt and shorts. I’m done for.

My mother pretended nothing happened when I walked in the door after work, and I haven’t left my room since I’ve gotten home.

I can only think of this going three ways when they confront me tomorrow morning: 1) I’m getting kicked out, 2) they’re bringing an Imam to perform an exorcism on me since I’m clearly possessed by Satan, or 3) they’re planning on buying me a one-way ticket to their home country so that I could learn a few things from the good, religious girls there. 

Whichever way this goes, I’m absolutely fucked. I’m freshly out of college and haven’t saved enough to find a place of my own (not that I had anticipated, either — my parents expect me to live with them until I’m married; the idea of living on my own is, to them, unthinkable.). 

I guess I won’t really know what’s going to happen until tomorrow morning. Suffice to say, I won’t be getting any sleep tonight.

TL;DR: My devout South Asian Muslim parents found my sinful stash of booze and other things, and I’m anticipating being dealt with accordingly tomorrow morning.

Edit: forgot to mention, I’m a girl, if anyone was confused reading this

Update: Alright folks, it’s around 8am here and I know everyone’s dying for an update. So apparently, all the stress from last night made my brain go into hyperdrive and tire itself out, and I actually got some sleep. Some time last night my mom came in to let me know to make sure I get up on time, that my dad’s taking her and I somewhere. (???). I guess I’ll find out in a few. Thanks for the help so far, y’all. I’m reading all the comments and messages and you guys are all so amazing. I’ll keep you updated as things unfold. 

Alright, Update 2: My dad took my sister to school this morning, so I took that opportunity to dip. My mom asked me where I was going, as I was supposed to go to work later today, but I’m a fucking coward so I left. Took a change of clothes just in case I decide to bunk with a friend tonight. My parents do love me, but they’re strict — love me enough that they wouldn’t put my life in jeopardy, but strict enough that they will do what it takes to keep me on what they believe is the right path. I’m not sure what I’m going to do. I can’t run forever, but I also don’t wanna be late for work. Hell, if I get kicked out, the last thing I need is to be unemployed too. I’m sitting in a parking lot right now deciding if I should just drive back home and talk to them now or keep avoiding as long as possible. By not talking to them, I’m kind of hoping that they see that I won’t easily bend to their will, that they’ll have to reach an understanding with me rather than expecting me to follow what they say blindly. This probably isn’t the update you guys were hoping for, but I’m apparently good at disappointing people, haha.

Update 3: My parents kept calling me, I guess they’re worried. They’re super overprotective (if you couldn’t tell) and have called a whole bunch of times, texted too. My dad texted me to come home, so I texted both him and my mom separately saying “I don’t know where you want to take me, but mom said we’re going somewhere. I’m not going”, to which my dad responded, “we’re not going anywhere, just come home”. He also left me voicemails saying to come home. Didn’t sound mad at all, more apologetic than anything, if I’m being honest. I love my dad, we have a great relationship and I fucked it all up by disrespecting their values in their own house. I feel awful. Anyways, I’m not here to whine. I’m going to work. If I decide to come back home tonight I’ll speak to them. Who knows what’s happen. 

Alright y’all, one more update - cliff notes version: went home, talked to parents, everything is semi-alright. It’s a long story so I’ll make a separate post on here to explain it all after work, so unfortunately you guys are gonna have to wait a little. I promise to be back in a bit!

Last update on here: update’s been posted [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/avy6eg/tifupdate_tifu_by_having_my_devout_muslim_parents/). But wow, thanks for the gold / silver / sweet messages guys. I promise to get to all of you guys. Y’all rock. /nWell here goes, t'was the night of new years and i was at a friends place just outside of town. Our group had planned on having this sort of "grown up night" instead of a New Years party. We had planned on getting together making a three course dinner and playing games and just enjoying ourselves. Yeah I know. (The reason being is that the majority of us in this group of 13 are in relationships. 5 couples and 3 single boys to be exact) anyways as the night went by we kept joking about having no New Years kiss and so on and me and my friend, we'll call him Dave, start joking about being each others New Years kiss.

Okay you need to have this in mind: I'm a guy who's not really into the hummus business but I don't really back off when it comes to kissing dudes or making out with another with them for that matter. I figure "hey thats just another person, kissing another dude doesn't mean i enjoy getting my plum penetrated by another mans love stick. 

Anyways the count down begins and we just go for it (just a small kiss on the lips and nothing more). Just for the sake of the meme we hold each other, in an unholy position that only love birds whom are about to marry one another should hold, and start enjoying the fireworks. At this point one of the so called "females" notices us and starts to laugh and doesn't believe that we actually kissed so just to fuck with her we go at each other as if our life depended on it. Someone films this on the platform know to man as snapchat and sends it to world with the caption "so glad they finally came out". The night continues and so does the party.

The next day me and Dave are in town and enjoying our afterparty tradition which is hungover kebab-pizza with extra garlic sauce and this random couple (16 or something, my little sisters friends) congratulate us. We don't think of it much and just assume they mean new year. We go home to my place to play some video games and hangout and thus my father happens. He congratulates us as well and tells Dave he's glad that I chose him out of all the other people in an awkward manner. I still haven't got it but Dave's laughing his ass off. I ask my dad if he can leave us alone and he tells me "oh i see you want some space to do your thing now that there's no hiding it." and winks. That's when I realize and panic. It turns out some asshole saved the snapchat video (somehow) and shared it on facebook. Being in a small town, everyone wanted to show that they're tolerant and fund of these so called "hummus-people" so everyone liked and shared the video.

It's January the 2nd and everywhere i go people congratulate me. Yayy. I guess I'm a gay now.

Edit: Well that escalated quickly. Yay we managed to get the comments locked. 

Edit 2: Eyyy thanks for the gold random stranger. I literally have no clue what to do with reddit gold though.

tldr: made out with a friend (guy) on New Years as a joke. It went viral. Everyone in my town thinks I'm homosexual. I guess I'm gay now. 
/nObligatory this did not happen today. I have Protanopia, the color Red is non-existent to me, as well as most of the green spectrum, with a considerable part of the blue spectrum classified as "Muddied"

back in 2006 I took a job outside of my chosen field, working in the transportation department, doing cargo shipping and receiving, I had been working on the software side of the industry and after being laid off, I called in a favor and started in the physical side of things.

Started out in an air cargo company, small outfit, less then 10 people, domestic and international cargo transport, I know the vernacular, I know how this works and I've got the talent to make things happen.

I realize that I excel at the whole negotiation process in terms of cost for cargo and things are going smoothly,

One day, I'm tasked to do some work in the records room, sorting and filing waybills, I'm given the instructions,

"International shipments go into these folders" Points to stack of boxes with open box of folders on the top "Domestic shipments go into these folders Points to different stack

Put waybills into folders, label with first name of supplier and store in drawer

I bang it out, I'm on fire, I blitz through the back log and I get through 6 months of backlog in a day and a half.

The fuck up?

Folders were red, and tan,

I saw no difference, no one said any difference and the boxes under the open ones were mixed up,

cue 4 months later, we are doing an audit and one of the files is noted to be in the wrong folder, then another, then another.

The company is in panic mode, because now their system cannot be trusted, so if they get an investigative hold, they might miss the paperwork etc etc.

A memo comes out, and the whole company comes in over the weekend to basically re-sort the last 2 years worth of cargo waybills, we all sit down, grab boxes and start sorting, and that's when I realize that this is all my fault.

So I'm sitting there, holding up 2 folders, trying to tell them apart when the owner asks me "What the F$#% are you doing?"

and I tell him that I'm color blind, that these look exactly the same, and that I'm pretty sure I screwed everyone's weekend up.

I wish I could say a good laugh was had, but no, it was not, they were angry that I didn't bring it up before, It's not something that really effects life so I tend to not think about it, but in this case, yeah, totally my bad.

Probably cost the company a good chunk of cash, everyone most of the weekend.

When I was laid off a few months later, I really wasn't surprised.

TL;DR: Mixed up Domestic and international waybills because I never mentioned being colorblind causing overtime expenses to fix my mistake. 

**EDIT** - As been stated, I was not fired for the mix up, the economy was tanking and the company went from moving 20+ shipments a day to maybe 3, the writing was on the wall. /nThrowaway because she knows my reddit handle but this happened about 1h30 mins ago. Buckle up because it turned out kinda long. 

&#x200B;

So I've been seeing a nice, athletic and 100% my-type lady for almost a month - nothing too serious, though. It was her birthday on Tuesday, but she never mentioned it to me and I don't really dabble in the social media shitshow, so I didn't know until she mentioned she'd been snowboarding for it. She didn't want me to make a big fuss because we're still kinda fresh and she had to work, so I said I'd take her out for dinner at the weekend (aka today) and that was that. Flashback to last night, she said she'd rather me make her my favourite "British" food for dinner and we can watch a movie at my apartment. All good.

&#x200B;

So flash forward to today. I'm a Brit, living on the West Coast of Canada, and finding authentic Indian food is hard because everywhere I go seems to be super whitewashed. So great lightbulb idea, lets make her biryani! As a human milk bottle, I will still toot my own horn whenever I have the opportunity to make Indian food so it seemed like the best food to impress. 

&#x200B;

So I made biryani about 4h ago. She said she didn't like cardamom pods, cloves or cassia bark, so I picked them out of the pre-mixed mix (I mix the mix every couple of months so I don't have to measure each time) and decided to add some red chilli peppers just to add a bit of flavour. Those small but very lethal fuckers. Obviously, this includes slicing them.

&#x200B;

Just as a side note: I'm female and I know how bad it feels when you get that tingly burning feeling on your tinka winka. I have also read 10s of TIFU's where we're all just trying our best to please the lady in our lives and it ends up with mt Vesuvius vagina. Thirdly, I've done it before, to myself, and it's rough. To combat this, I washed my hands literally 12 times thinking it would be ok. 

&#x200B;

So we ate dinner about 3.5h ago and put on a movie. Once we'd finished eating, one thing obviously led to another, the sofa was reclined and fun was being had. The fun lasted less than 5 minutes before she mentioned that her Pompeii pussy was on fire and went to soak in the bath for 1h. We both found it hilarious at the time, but she left 20 minutes ago with a yogurt vag and has yet to text me. I apologized a lot so I'm sure she'll come round.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Made Indian food, spices lingered on my fingers, put fingers into hot potential girlfriend, hot potential girlfriend got Pompeii pussy and went home with a yogurt vagina. /nThis one actually happened today. So basically my mum runs a language school online. My part in this business is to manage the social media side, sort out advertising etc... Anyways today I thought it would be a good idea to post a few ads on some language related Facebook groups as the new academic year is soon approaching and people are starting to look for tutors. One of these groups had around 40k members. I checked the sidebar and rules - all seemed good. Then I had a look at the top few posts just to make sure that it seemed the right place to post an ad - also looked ok, other than one post where a dude had uploaded a picture of one of the moderators, calling her beautiful and whatnot. A little creepy but the comments seemed to agree with my opinion, so I just overlooked it. 

So I post the ad (basically stating what languages she teaches, the great reviews she has blah blah), and 5 minutes in it's doing really well - like the best an ad for this page has done so far. I'm pretty stoked and watch the likes flood in continuously. A few people get in contact, enquiring about prices and such. I reply and switch off the laptop about 15 mins later. Thanks to Murphy's law, I ran out of data earlier on in the day, so I told my mum to keep an eye on the messages whilst I was out as I wouldn't receive them. So I go out and about an hour after leaving I see like 10 messages from my mum. They started off along the lines of "Why is the page suddenly getting loads of messages?" and by message number 10 I read "PLEASE DELETE WHATEVER YOU POSTED IM GETTING REALLY WEIRD PEOPLE CONTACTING ME IM TRYING TO DELETE THEM BUT I CANT". I call her, but she can't answer as she's teaching so I rush home, open the page messaging service only to be greeted by an overwhelming number of "enquiries". I open the first one andddd.... Yep it's a dick pic. So is the one after that, and the one after that, and so on. At this point I'm just sitting there cringing about the fact that I just looked at probably the first dick pic my mum has ever seen... and the next 10 after that. Bare in mind that I have to go into every conversation in order to block the person, so there was no escaping this. 

My mum finished the lesson and I told her that I sorted it out, and explained to her that the fact that her profile picture was a picture of her (not a man basically) is probably what caused all these to come flooding in. She asked if I saw any of the messages and I replied with "A few inevitably as I had to click on each conversation in order to get the block option". I don't think my mum thinks I ever saw any naked human other than myself before this happened and it's 100000% awkward as she knows that I just went through shlong city. Still have no clue as to why there were so many creeps on there but I guess that's just what comes with a big group.

Safe to say I'll be taking a brake from the business for a little while now. 

TL;DR I got quite a few dick pics sent to my mum's page due to an advert that I posted in a Facebook group. I'm pretty sure she didn't know what a dick pic was before this happened.

Edit: there are a few of you who misread  "I don't think my mum thinks I ever saw any naked human other than myself before this happened" - to clarify, I don't think my mum thought that I had ever seen anyone else naked lmao/nI made a video about me having a series of bad luck moments throughout the day (I really still think I'm cursed because the bad luck doesnt stop). Surprisingly it got a huge reception and I was pretty pleased. 

I then got messaged by a lot of companies giving me offers on copyrighting the video so it doesnt get mass reproduced and that if it does, I'd get compensated instead of them making money off of me and giving me nothing. I was like, "Sure that doesnt sound too bad." The problem was that because of my negligence and not knowing what I should/shouldn't be doing, I didnt realize that I was actually breaking rule #8 on r/videos where I can't get licensed for the video after it has been posted. So yes. Obviously, my post got removed because of third party licensing. 

Proof: http://imgur.com/gallery/1iIqdJB


BUT not to worry. I still had my YouTube video. With a decent amount of views ~500k I still had a shot at fame. I thought I'd also make a follow-up update video for all the people who had asked if my luck had improved. So I made the follow up video. Titled it the SAME as my viral video. Noticed an editing error. Wanted to take it off and upload a new one. Deleted it. Realized that I accidently deleted THE ORIGINAL VIDEO. Now all traces of my videos are removed and I now have 20 views on each video but hey, it was a wild journey (and a terrible fuckup) which I'll never forget. I like to think that the video going viral was an addition to the curse more than a blessing considering how I ruined everything and will always regret this moment for the rest of my life.  

Tl;dr: Made a viral video. Got greedy and didnt read subreddit rules and got it removed. Also removed it off of YouTube by being stupid. 


edit: Since a lot of you guys asked, here's the link to the video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PdyM40hGkCU/ntl;dr: I helped a friend lie to his girlfriend about being a pilot, and it nearly got her, him and me killed.  

For a longer tl;dr, see the end of this comment.  
  
My best friend at uni convinced a girl we he was dating that he had a weekend job flying cargo planes for FedEx.  This was initially because he wanted to get out of some family event she wanted to drag him to, but it snowballed into an "every weekend" thing.  
  
It sounds like a bizarre random choice of weekend job, but there's a reason behind it: my family owned and ran an aircraft repair business on a municipal airport in Ohio.  I grew up with airplanes.  When I was 16, my dad bought me a C-182 Skylane that had been banged up in a bad landing.  We spent two years restoring it, and I took it with me to uni and kept it at a small airstrip just out of town.  I would use it to fly to/from home on weekends and breaks, and often took friends up for a ride.  It was a GREAT way to get girls in bed.  Something about being up there with a confident guy trading radio calls with ATC seems to just do it for them.  
  
My friend, who had never flown in a small plane before he met me, decided it was definitely his jam.  I'd let him take the controls occasionally, but never for more than a few minutes and always at altitude (in case he did something stupid and I had to recover).  But as it turned out, that was a mistake of the "knowing enough to get yourself in trouble" kind.  
  
Back to the girlfriend.  When she first wanted him to go meet her family, he panicked and said he had to work.  Where did he work? she wondered.  He didn't actually HAVE a job, so he picked the first thing that came to mind, his fantasy dream job: pilot.  But what kind of job would a university student have as a pilot? she wondered.  Well, the lie was already out there, so he doubled down: cargo pilot.  And then to make it "believable," he stole my story about growing up with parents who owned an aircraft repair shop, solo-ing at 15, licensed at 16, owned/restored his own aircraft that he kept by school.  The works.  
  
Predictably, it snowballed.  He ended up liking the girl a lot and not wanting to break up with her.  But he had a "weekend job" that took him out of town.  That part wasn't so hard to maintain because I flew back home pretty much every week, and my parents loved him and always welcomed him for the weekend stay.  My dad even let him help out with repairs on a couple of aircraft on the theory that it would teach him a little bit about them.  Not enough to keep him out of trouble, as it turned out.    
  
It's now about maybe 3/4 of the way through the semester, and the girlfriend is either stupid or blinded by love because she's totally believing his absurd story about being a cargo pilot for UPS and owning his own airplane and whatever.  I'm sort of well-known as "the airplane guy" on campus, so she's heard of/knows there's a student who occasionally takes girls up on dates.  For some bizarre reason, it all makes sense.  But there's a problem: now *she* wants to go up in a little aircraft, with her "cargo pilot" boyfriend.  Why can't we go flying during the week? she wonders.  Why can't I come with you in your FedEx airplane when you go on your weekend trips? she wonders.  
  
At this point, he *should have* come clean.  They've been having sex for several months.  She's probably not going to break up with him.  I mean, it's a funny story if you think about it.  Ha ha.  I'm not really a cargo pilot for FedEx.  I don't even know how to fly!  Ha ha. Funny, right?  
  
But he doesn't.  He doubles down on his double down.  He tells her he's going to take her flying that evening.  And so I get this frantic call in my dorm room.  "/u/gaspronomib - ! - I promised [girlfriend] that I would take her flying tonight!  You gotta help me!  I need to borrow your airplane!"  
  
I was like, NO.  No, you are not going to "borrow my airplane."  You almost always try to roll us inverted every time I let you take the controls.  You've never *taken off* in it, much less *landed* it.  If I let you take it out by yourself, you'll kill everyone on board and anyone with the bad fortune to be in the way when it falls out of the sky.  No.  
  
But he's desperate.  And it's to get laid.  So being a bro, I offer a compromise: I will let him pretend to be the pilot, and only take over when I think he's doing it wrong.  I'll even sit right-seat and let him wear the white shirt with epaulets with four stripes on them that I got as a joke reward present when I passed my PPSEL (private pilot, single engine, land) license check ride so he looks like he's a real "captain."  
  
The time comes, and the girlfriend shows up.  And it only gets worse.  She's a little confused because we've never told her that I'm a pilot "too."  It would have been too weird.  A coincidence that big was too big of a plot hole in his elaborate "I'm a cargo pilot for FedEx" story.  How could he possibly have me and become best friends with a guy who just happened to *also* be a pilot?  It just wouldn't have made sense.  So we never mentioned it.  And worse, I would occasionally pretend to know nothing about flying.  I'd ask questions like "what's it like up there with just the clouds to keep you company?" and "do you need oxygen even when you're on the ground?"  Stuff like that to make me sound like a real newb and let him show her what a knowledgeable cargo pilot he was.  
  
And so we tripled down on his previous double-double down.  You see, he's been giving me flying *lessons*.  That's the ticket.  Yeah.  Flying lessons. Totally explains why you're taking your friend along on a date.  
  
To give him credit, he plays the FedEx cargo pilot really well.  I always have new passengers follow me around when I pre-flight.  It helps with any anxiety they might have about going up in a small airplane.  So he does the same thing with her.  We do our walk-around, check fuel, control surfaces, oil, prop, gear, etc.  He explains exactly why we're checking each thing (same as I did for him the first time he went flying with me).  He shows her how to get into and out of the aircraft, how to work the door latches, her seat belt, etc.  Inside he hooks her up to the intercom- correctly, even!  Hell, by that point even *I* was convinced he was a cargo pilot for FedEx.  
  
But as soon as we fire up the engine, things start to unravel.  I try to let him use the radio.  It's a small airstrip, no tower, so it's not like we absolutely needed it.  But he flubs up almost every self-announcement.  His radio voice sucks.  He's hesitant, stutters, can't remember the tail number, misidentifies the runway.  All the things wrong.  
  
And then it's time to take off.  By prior agreement, I was to do this without his help.  But he switches the intercom to "pilot isolation" which cuts off the passengers' (i.e. girlfriend's) headphones so we can have a private conversation.  "/u/gaspronomib - ! - You gotta let me take off!  She's going to think something's going on if I don't.  I've watched you dozens of times!  I can do this!"  
  
And well, he's desperate.  And it *is* to get laid.  So being a bro, I say OK: I will let him take off, and only take over when I think he's doing it wrong.  
  
I line the airplane up at the end of the runway, turn the intercom back to "on" position, and say "your plane."  And then I take my hands off the controls.  In retrospect, this was a bad idea.  
  
Time to fuck up: 3 seconds.  Instead of pushing IN the throttle, he pulls OUT the mixture.  This tells the carburetor "don't give the engine anymore gas."  The engine quits.  Embarrassed silence.  
  
I pitch him an easy save.  "So that means you leaned out the engine, right?  You said you would show me how to do that the last time you gave me a lesson."  He was all "Ha ha.  Yeah.  Leaning out the engine.  Totally.  Good lesson.  You learned something there, dincha?"  
  
I restart the engine "for him" and then sit back in my seat again.  This time he hits the gas properly.  
  
Time to fuck up: 9 seconds.  He's starting to veer off the runway.  I make a point of fighting him for the pedals, hoping the girlfriend wouldn't notice.  Mission accomplished, probably.  At least we're heading straight down the center line and not for the row of aircraft parked on the other side of the taxiway.  
  
Time to NEXT fuck up: 15 seconds.  We're approaching 70kts airspeed.  Time to rotate.  TIME TO ROTATE.  WHY ARE YOU FUCKING NOT PULLING BACK ON THE FUCKING CONTROLS?  He's not fucking pulling back on the fucking controls, and the aircraft is lifting off a bit on its own.  Not terrible, but not great either.  I casually "nudge" the yoke backward.  He catches the hint and...  
  
Time to NEXT NEXT fuck up: two seconds.  He yanks back too far and we're popping up way too fast!  This isn't a fucking Blue Angles air show, dammit!  I start to do something about it, but-  
  
Time to NEXT NEXT NEXT fuck up: nanoseconds.  He's doing the same thing he always does: pulling down on the yoke with his left hand.  I've told him about it a thousand times.  It always makes the airplane try to do an aileron roll.  Or would if I didn't take over.  
  
So now we're nose up to the sky at a high angle of attack and about to do a wing-over.  At roughly 30ft off the ground.  This is NOT a good thing.  Sure, it's for a good cause (getting a bro laid), but can you reasonably expect to get laid after someone shovels the raspberry jam that used to be your torso into a body bag?  I'm guessing not.  
  
About the time when we're in an absurdly low-altitude 60deg bank, I've had enough.  "You're rolling!  MY PLANE!" I yell, and reach over to "karate chop" his arms off of the yoke.  I pitch down, level off, and regain control of the aircraft.  
  
Nobody says a word as I finish the climb to about 1,000ft AGL, re-enter the pattern on the downwind leg, and then bring us down to a landing.  All without any help from my "instructor" the "cargo plane pilot."  
  
The only thing I remember her saying on the drive back to the dorms was "You're not really a FedEx pilot, are you?"  
  
They broke up a few days later.  The story made the rounds on campus, and my friend took no end of shit for it, for which I gladly take credit.  I called him "FedEx" for the next two years, to the point where the nickname stuck and other people started using it too.  I think my dad was the worst, though. Between being mad at me for risking lives (and an aircraft- which was a MUCH more serious offense to an old A&P mechanic) and laughing his ass off at my friend for trying to pull off a months-long masquerade as a FedEx pilot, he dished so much shit at us it almost made me want to not go home for a while.  
  
Other than the breakup and the nickname, there wasn't really much other fallout.  It even worked to his advantage a few times because girls actually thought the story was FUNNY, and it got him laid at least one time that I know of.  Which I guess means that in a way the whole thing was a success.  We stayed friends until graduation but lost touch, so I have no idea if he ever got his own pilot's license and bought an airplane as he said he would.  But even if he didn't, I like to think of him out there, charming the babes with stories about flying for FedEx on the weekends and offers to take them up flying "someday soon."  
  
tl;dr: I, a pilot and aircraft owner, had a friend who convinced his girlfriend he had a weekend job as a "cargo pilot for FedEx" to explain why he couldn't join her to meet her family.  The relationship lasted longer than he expected, and so he had to maintain the lie.  Eventually, she called him on it.  But instead of fessing up, he made it worse by convincing me to let him fly my Cessna 182 to take her up, passing me off as "one of his flight school students."  He did his best to take off, but instead nearly killed the three of us, forcing me to take over.  The lie was outed.  The girlfriend broke up with him.  And I, my father, and practically everyone at school teased my friend mercilessly for years about it.  /nPeople who are married know that you always find ways to mess with your spouse. I always either slide my hand up/down her buttcrack or push in her butthole area when she bends over. Well today we were in the frozen foods aisle of the grocery store and while she was bending over I thought it would be funny to put my thumb in her butt while she was grabbing the food. Normally my wife wears jeans/yoga pants but today she decided to wear some shorter shorts. So as she is bent over I do thumbs up gesture and proceed to shove it where the sun dont shine. Unfortunately the shorts were a little loose and a little too short so my thumb didnt stop where I had anticipated. I clearly felt my thumb go into my wife, not even sure what hole at this point but  she shoots straight up hitting her head on a rack of frozen vegan entrees and she screams. Completely shocked, we both start dying laughing. 
  
Tl;dr tifu by trying to put my thumb near my wife's bhole in public and my finger accidentally slid right past her short shorts and thong and straight into her hole. Not sure which one.  
  
Edit: I did sniff, all around it just smelled like sweat. I spent 30 mins catching random whiffs because I was curious but it just smelled like sweaty private parts. My Guess would be the front hole.  
  
Edit 2: well I didnt think it would blow up this much but hey. Sorry to those who think its repulsive but my wife and I are just weird I guess hahah/nObligatory this has happened over the course of the last 2 years but I just realized the TIFU 10 minutes ago.

&#x200B;

Some background, I work in software technology. I've been in this field for 10 years and over the last several years have been trying to change my career path within this industry. My current position is kind of low paid/under-valued by nature, even after so long doing it. I've picked up higher level process driven skills and have really shined in my current company in an attempt to move into something better.

&#x200B;

Forward to the last couple of years. I'm generally mishandled in my position and wind up shouldering a lot of the work that various other people drop because *we trust you and know you will do a great job, buddy!* That hasn't been translating into promotions or pay. I've been passed over for good opportunities several times at this company. I've been eager to move on from here and begin my new path properly.

&#x200B;

Problem is, I haven't gotten ANY responses back to ANY of the resumes I've been sending out. For 2 years. I get the occasional recruiter which will always fizzle out after the initial "Wow! You seem **perfect** for this job!" Now, I try to be modest, but I know that my resume absolutely rocks. Nothing is misspelled and I am well represented in it. I had a CSS designer work up the formatting for my resume a few years ago and it looks gorgeous! My skills are all up to date and I even have recent tertiary education. What the hell is going on??

&#x200B;

Tonight I finally decide to scour some sites and forums for tips. The first one I go to is talking about bullet points. Yea yea. The next one is giving advice about ***strong verbs***. Yep, implemented/developed/improved/advised. Already ahead of you. The third site I hit is talking about.....

&#x200B;

Automated resume screening. Removing formats and tables. Wiping headers. Leaving only text in tact. Assigning "scores" to resumes based on parsed data. Then it dawns on me. MY RESUME WAS FORMATTED BY A CSS DESIGNER IN 2012!! Technology has evolved, in a field that I specialize in, AND I COMPLETELY FUCKING FORGOT!! All of my contact info is contained in headers. All of my experience and skills are contained in formatted tables. FUCKING TABLES. My resume is getting destroyed by automation before anyone even has a chance to look at it. NO WONDER I HAVEN'T GOTTEN ANY CALLS!!

&#x200B;

For some reason, I was still under the impression that my online-submitted resume is getting printed out and put into someone's hands for review, or at least looked at by a human on a computer screen. Real progressive thinking here, huh? I should at least be proud that I wasn't dense enough to send them off via the post office....

&#x200B;

The problem here is that this whole ordeal has give me some pretty sever confidence issues. I've been pushing myself harder to try to be better because of this, which has been leaving me depressed and exhausted constantly. Late night panic attacks over what I'll do if I lose this job. Wanting to quit but feeling trapped because of no call backs. Ugh....

&#x200B;

So I've rewritten my resume into PLAIN TEXT in a basic word doc, and it honestly looks pretty nice. The formatting removal has saved me some space and I was able to get some new and important pieces in there while maintaining one page. I feel like a moron and probably don't deserve to work in software anymore, though.

# BIG UPDATE:

Holy shit, this blew up more than I could have imagined.

First, thank you guys for the gildings and getting this on the front page. First ever! Go figure it's on a throwaway! I've seen so many people on here that have gone back and revamped their resume because of my experience, and for that I'm thrilled to have made a positive impact on some of you.

Secondly, there is a LOT of disagreement around what the best resume file type is. All I know is that every company I apply to asks explicitly for a word doc. My resume was originally an HTML back when it made some sense but now it is not, but it kept the nuances of what the CSS genie did. I DID NOT BUILD THE RESUME MYSELF! I constantly fought with the formatting to make minor updates. Design is not my area of focus, obviously.

The thing about getting contacted by recruiters and then it fizzling. As many know, when a recruiter finds your resume on a job board, it tends to be a very old/stale resume, especially if you've been employed for a while. The convos always end with "send me an updated resume", and THAT'S where the convos drop off. Yes, I am assuming that my resume is being processed by automation, but who knows... it seems too coincidental.

Next, I love the equal divide between "Don't be so hard on yourself" and "You are a dumbass". It's why I love reddit!

I will eventually be able to read all of the responses, but will likely only be responding to people who want to talk to me about job opportunities. That is my ultimate goal after all.

AND FINALLY, with my new resume in plain text, I have already gotten scheduled for an interview! A recruiter contacted me via email this morning and a phone interview is already on the books for next week. And it's relevant to my new career path.

Thanks again, everyone!

&#x200B;

# 21 DAY UPDATE (5/2):

Today, I received a job offer that will change my life. To everyone who asked, if you ever come back here and see this again, I found the template to my new and  proven successful resume [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/JobFair/comments/8zhy78/ive_reviewed_and_screened_thousands_of_resumes/). Unfortunately, I can't send my actual resume to many of the people who messaged me on the side asking due to privacy reasons (hence  the throwaway) but I can give you some of the following tips: 

* Use a mix of short descriptions and bullet points in your work experience. 1-2 sentences and bullets for achievements.
* Don't worry about passing 1 page if you are doing online applications. Some of the best advice I got from people.
* Make  sure you are visible to recruiters on LinkedIn. This may have been a factor in the lack of regular cold calls.
* Be patient. Took about 2 weeks before the flood of emails began. 

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Bad resume formatting has been getting me screened out of software development jobs for 2 years and I just realized it./nI'm going through a phase of popping out of hiding and startling my husband. We both find it hilarious. I came home and realized he was in his office with the door open. I decided to take the opportunity to sneak in and scare him. I dropped to the ground in the hallway and slowly and silently army crawled into the room towards his chair. It was hard not to giggle. He was completely oblivious to my presence. I was going to grab his ankle with my bony little hand like the Crypt Keeper and scare the shit out of him. I get within distance and slowly reach my hand out to grab his ankle. Then I realize he's masturbating. I just totally froze and felt a mixture of horror and and panic. I decide to slowly back up and reverse crawl out of the room. Before I can move, he looks down. He looks down and sees his wife on the ground at his feet, not moving, with her hand outstretched to grab his ankle. We just fucking stared at each other. 

TL;DR   TIFU by failing at pranking and ruining my husband's lovely evening./nObligatory this was not today. It will be a year ago a couple days from now so everyone who was in attendance is reminding me of it. 

I was invited to a birthday party for an old friend. I asked them what sort of thing they wanted for their birthday and they said “ever since I discovered bucky balls I’ve been really into ‘adult toys.’ “

I didn’t know what bucky balls were. But I know what “adult toys” are so figured the name was self explanatory. I thought it was a little bizarre to ask other people to buy you that kind of thing, especially since the invite for the party encouraged everyone to bring their families, but whatever floats your boat, I don’t personally care. 

So I did some research and ended up getting them a Pivot (combination cock ring/vibrator.)

I get to the birthday party, put my wrapped gift on the gift table, and all is well. We all drank champagne and socialized for a bit. I’ve known a lot of the people there for decades so we were briefing each other on how our kids are doing, work, etc. 

Fast forward about 45 minutes we’re eating cake and it’s announced it’s time to open presents. 

We gather around and the first present opened is a drone. I figure maybe not everyone there was a close enough friend to ask to buy an “adult toy.” A few people had brought their spouses and kids along, too, so I assumed the presents known to contain adult toys would be set aside to open later in private. 

The next present was a raspberry pi gaming kit from their closest friend in attendance. If anyone would be trusted to get an adult toy, it would have been this guy. Hmm, red flag. I then see my present was still mixed in with all the presents being opened. 

Now I’m getting confused and getting nervous wondering if maybe they were joking and didn’t think I’d ever actually get them a sex toy. 

Third present is opened and it’s Giant Jenga. That’s when I made the connection. I frantically whip out my phone and google “Bucky balls.” They’re a magnetic desk toy of little balls that you mold into shapes. My nightmare suspicion is confirmed. 

I’m trying to maneuver my way to the table to get my present back without making a scene but there were barely 15 people at the whole party so I was having trouble being discreet. 

Just as I’m almost within arm’s reach of the table, of course, mine is grabbed. Paper is torn off and they turn the box over in their hands. It’s not immediately obvious what it is to look at the box because it’s just a nondescript image of a plastic doodad with a hole in it and a logo “pivot by WeVibe.” 

I hear “WeVibe, is it a speaker? How cool.” Someone goes “How’s it work?” And they start to read off the box, projecting for the whole room to hear “Powerful vibrations. Intensify pleasure during sex with rumbly... oh” voice trails off. 

We’re making partial eye contact, totally red in the face and embarrassed at this point. People in the room who’ve known me as a schoolteacher for years are now glaring at me as the sick fuck who brought a sex toy to a family birthday party at 3:00 in the afternoon on a Sunday. 

I quietly explain the mix up and, thankfully, most of the room is laughing so hard they can barely breathe. Most of the people who had kids with them were less amused, with one woman having to usher out her 7 year old who was still going “What is it? What is it I didn’t see it yet.” 

Some of the group invited me to every party they threw from then on and others never invited me anywhere again.

*TLDR: A friend asked me for an “adult toy” on their birthday. I bought them a vibrating cock ring. They meant they wanted like a Nintendo or dart board or something. It was opened in front of a roomful of families who’ve known me for years. They all think I’m a pervert now.*

Edit: Thank you so much for the gold, kind stranger!!

Edit 2: Two gold?! Please accept my sincere gratitude, kind stranger!

Edit 3: THREE SILVER? What a lovely surprise to wake up to. Thank you for the metal, redditors!

Edit 4: *THREE GOLD?!* I am humbled, thank you. I don’t think my friend is on Reddit but when I explain this all to him, he’ll be pleased to have set this in motion.

Edit 5: W O A H. An unprecedented **SIX** gold?!!!!???!!!!?!!?!! I’ve never had this many gold in all my life and will treasure them dearly.

Edit 6: Thank you for the silver kind redditor, I’m beaming with metallic pride.

Edit 7: Thank you to the generous users who’ve given me two more gold! It is a greatly appreciated distraction from office doldrum.

Final Edit: Not used to being repeatedly guilded and had no idea you weren’t supposed to directly address every one in the post. Sorry, and lesson learned for the future. Leaving them up for r/awardspeechedits to gawk at ;)/nMy room mate takes forever in the bathroom. I was desperate to do a giant poo, and held on for as long as I could. The situation was about to hit critical so I went outside with some tissue and squatted in the corner of my yard to do my dookie. It was tremendous, such a large poo. Believe me, it was substantial. The highlight of my day.  I then dug a little hole and buried it so it wouldn't stink up the yard and attract attention, particularly the attention of my room mates pet dog.  A few days later I came home to find a trail of dirt and leaves inside the house. Then the smell hit me. His dog had dug up my poo and brought it inside and was eating it on the living room rug. I yelled at my room mate that the dog had pood inside and was eating it - he apologised profusely, then cleaned up my poo.

TL;DR - i pooed outside, the dog brought it inside to eat, made my room mate clean it up. 

Edit - hello internet friends, I am glad that you enjoyed my poo story. To clarify a few things
1) my room mate was moments away from discovering his dog eating my poo anyway - I didn't have a chance to step in and clean it up, thus becoming the hero I wanted to be. I panicked, then decided to make the most of a shitty situation...ha. 
2) it was very large. I have wondered what he thought of the dog : human poo size. His dog is a large mixed breed, but still. Thankfully, it has not been mentioned and I remain innocent. Perhaps I will tell him on my deathbed. 
3) to the people accusing my story of being FAKE NEWS you are clearly part of the lying media. Sad! No, for real tho, it happened. No alternative facts here. I am guilty.

/nThis fuck up did happen today. For context I am a 23 year old student who still lives at home and isnt very good at being an adult. 

Today i went to the grocery store to buy some convenient things to make for lunch, since i work a summer job trying to pay for school. Usually i go grocery shopping with my dad, and when i went by myself today, i tried to pick out things that would also be good for him to bring to work.

I thought deli meat would be perfect, but i didnt want to buy the already packaged meat because i heard that the fresh deli cut is slightly healthier? I dont know. But ive never ordered myself from the counter and i dont really pay attention when my dad does it so i try to remember 

"Dad usually orders....a pound..maybe? But that doesnt seem to last very long in our house.." so i decide that it's logical to order 2 pounds of sliced ham. 

The lady sliced and sliced and sliced and finally she hands me a big, heavy fat bag of stacked meat with a price sticker of $13 dollars slapped on it, and i think to myself "that's a lot of ham...". Then the lady says

"I'm gonna put the other pound in another bag"  and i think "FUCK thats a lot of ham" 

So i spent nearly 30 dollars on ham today. Which sucks when youre a student working a summer job to pay for school. I now think my dad probably orders half a pound or something. I dont want my parents to see what ive done, ive learned my lesson. So im gonna try and gift it someone idk.

Here they are https://imgur.com/a/1fbas3L

TL;DR didnt know how much meat to order at the deli. Ended up ordering 2 pounds thinking i was being logical. Spent 30 dollars on sliced ham. 
/nSo today my mother and I did our weekly shopping. I accompany her most weeks as it's usually the only time we get to spend each other at the moment with our schedules and everything else.

It began as a normal journey and everything was going absolutely fine until we reached the end of our list and began to unload everything onto the conveyor, we had everything we needed except some batteries that my mother had forgotten to write on the list and only just remembered as we were going through the checkouts. Not a problem though as they were on a stand at the end of an aisle. I offer to go and grab the batteries enthusiastically enough that I mishear when she tells me which type of battery she wants. 

I had heard the word Duracell but not the type, and so I don't go back and ask what she wants, I wait until I am by the battery display, turn around and see my mum on the other side of a busy crowd of people. It's Christmas so of course people are everywhere.

My mind goes completely fucking numb for some reason and my wires get seriously crossed before I open my mouth to shout out across the store "Mum, what kind of Durex did we want again?!" It didn't even register that I had confused Durex and Duracell until the many horrified looks piercing me like daggers, none sharper than my mother's who I'm still unsure what to say to at this time. 

TL;DR - I yelled across a busy supermarket to ask my mum which kind of durex we want instead of which type of Duracell we want and we  were looked at like freaks by everybody as we left./nSo I'm hoping a load of people are going to come out in support of me here but I've got that sinking feeling I may be alone in this.

Our toilet broke so I was in shopping for new ones and the sales person joked (no doubt for the millionth time) that I'll want one that automatically puts the seat down after I'm finished with it. I 'joked' back and said if I didn't have a wife I could save money and not buy one with a seat and I'd never have to hear women complaining about putting it down again. To which he gave me a strange look and said "but what about when you need to poop?". I naturally pointed out that I'm a guy and therefore don't put the seat down, I sit on the rim of the bowl. Several embarrassing moments later, I realize that I've misunderstood my entire life and that guys do indeed use the toilet seat. I left empty handed and red faced.

Thinking about it now, it makes sense. Especially how men's restrooms have seats. But I just assumed it was a unisex/cost saving/oversight deal./nMy intention was to go to the train station to renew my season ticket but my body was on auto-pilot and went straight past the barriers, checked for the next available train and got on it. Realised that I was not meant to actually leave on a train when I looked around and the train wasn't as jam-packed as it usually is. Tried to make it out of the train but unfortunately did not make it. Am waiting at the next station now to return to work....and hopefully to renew my season ticket on my way there...

Update:  Thanks for all the comments.  Nice to see fellow mindless numpties out there. 

Just to update you all - I made it back to work in time, but as I got back to my station the queue to the ticket counter was painfully long... so long that I got worried I would switch to auto-pilot mode again and hop on the train once I get my ticket!  Luckily I didn't and made it back in time but without lunch, I pretty much functioned on auto-pilot mode for the rest of the day!/nIm typing on a tablet with abysmal auto correct, so please excuse any mistakes I might make.

This happened 14-15 years ago. 

My friend was parked outside of a 24 hour convenience store. Someone tried to rob him by pepperspraying through the open window into the car. Luckily he got away. 

I was out driving around that night and he called me and asked if I could drive that car to the hospital for them. I drove to where they were, let another friend drive my car, and I drove his to the Hospital.

I parked and walked to the entrance. I decided to have a cigarette before going into the hospital to wait for my friend who had been peppersprayed. I sat down on a bench and got comfy while I enjoyed my smoke. 

Now this is where it starts to go wrong. In all the commotion, I didn't have the presence of mind to realize that the interior of my friends car was covered in pepper spray.... It was.

I scratched my balls through my jeans. A good thorough scratch.

I guess I had pepperspray on my hand, because about 5 minutes later my balls were on fucking fire. Not like hmm, this is discomforting, but like, my balls are going to burn up and fall off my body if I dont do something about this right now. So I ran to the wash room, pulled my balls out, put them in the hand sink and vigoursly washed them with ice cold water. It only made it worse.

I decided a shower would be in my best interest at this time. My friend that got peppersprayed lived really close and was kind enough to let me use his shower. I raced over there. This time in my car, which wasn't glazed with pepperspray. Anyway.... I get to his house, run upsairs to the second level, and get in the bathroom. The shower had a flimsy curtain and a detachable showerhead. I disrobed and got in the shower. It took about 10 minutes of lathering my balls with soap and holding the showerhead on my balls for the pain to subside a bit.

In my infinite wisdom, I thought I might as well have a full shower and get everything cleaned. I start with my face. I soap it up, rinse it off, and then use my hands to squeege off the water on my closed eyelids.....

Thats when my eyes caught fire.

I dropped the showerhead. The thing shot off and was spraying the entire bathroom. I couldn't see it because I had just been blinded. It took me a while to reign that damn showerhead in. I managed to get my eyes to a point where I could see and wasnt in excrutiating pain. 

This is when I noticed I had flooded the bathroom. It took me a considerable amount if time to get it all dry.

What an ordeal.



TL;DR got pepper spray on my balls, then in my eyes, and then flooded a bathroom./nThis didn't actually happen today, it happened very early yesterday morning. So, I had gone to a friend's house a few blocks away to hang out. Because they live so close, I walked over & planned on walking home. 

When my friend got tired, I packed up my backpack, put on my jacket and headed home. I was walking with my hands in my pockets because it was cold out. At the end of the block, I stepped off the curb to cross the street, and the next thing I remember is spitting out a mouthful blood & pieces of tooth. 

I had slipped on ice and, because my hands were in my pockets, I couldn't break my fall. I blacked out momentarily when I hit the ground, but I assume I landed on my face. My teeth punched a hole through my lip, and shards of tooth got stuck inside. 

Several hours in the ER later, I was patched up with 10 stitches (5 inside my mouth, 5 outside). They couldn't do anything about the tooth, other than put a protective layer on the broken surface. (It will have to be fixed this week when a dentist can see me.) 

TL;DR: Walked home from a friend's house with my hands in my pockets, slipped on a patch of ice, landed on my face, bit a hole through my lip. 

Pictures: https://imgur.com/a/dXQgw (Obvious warning, they're pretty graphic.)/nSo a month or two ago I bought this fancy alarm clock/lamp. You set the time you want to get up, and half an hour before then it slowly starts to light up (simulates sunrise. It's nice). In the last few minutes before the set time, it also starts to play birdsong. Quietly at first, then louder, and that's what wakes you up.

Well I've been waking up over an hour early for the last few days. I couldn't figure it out at first, but this morning I heard it: *very faint* birdsong from somewhere outside. It isn't even close. Now I'm running on 4.5 hours (instead of my usual 8-9,  and yes I know) during dead week with a truly *stupid* amount of work/studying to do. And I can't even complain because waking up earlier was the whole point when I bought the damn thing.

TL;DR: Bought an alarm clock that plays birdsong. Now, three days before my finals, I'm waking up at the crack of dawn (losing sleep) to actual birdsong.

Edit: stop telling me to go to sleep earlier./nThis happened about 15 minutes ago and I’m still practically doubled over.

So, as with the Winter season (well tbh basically every season for me), I’ve got the common cold, which paired with my asthma makes me a joy to be around on the bus.

For a bit of background, my nose and sinuses are pretty solidly packed, my nose streams like a tap, and my voice keeps breaking because of the phlegm in my throat.

Anyway, I get a bus to work in the morning because I can’t drive (currently learning to) and it’s packed with the usual odd squad and gawkers. So, I step on the bus, swipe my pass, and go and sit down on the bottom level (double decker bus), and pull my phone out to join the internet for the day.

I realise about 5 minutes into the journey that my nose has started leaking, as it’s dripping on my phone screen, so I lean over and reach into my back pocket where I keep loose tissues. I’m practically rubbing my back pocket for 5 minutes trying to get these tissues out, but they’re caught between my coat and my belt, which is forcing them down the back of my trousers.

I realise that people have started looking over at me, leant over with my hand full of tissue down the back of my pants, looking strained and ill.

To avoid any confusion on this journey, I thought I’d better clear up with the rest of the bus that my hand was just caught and that I wasn’t consciously shaking a hand full of tissues around my arse.

I decide to clear up the matter with this cracker, which wasn’t helped by my frustrated cracking voice:

“I’m nOt wIpiNg mY bUM”

This is met with complete silence.

Realising what I’ve just said, my childish sense of humour kicks in and I start laughing and chuckling - to the point where the streaming nose I had, had emptied itself all over my shirt leaving me looking like a glazed Krispy Kreme donut.

I’m currently typing this from the taxi I’ve had to take home to get changed, which is going to make me an hour and a half late for work.

I still have to explain this to my boss.

TLDR: got on a bus with a cold, tried to pull tissues out of my back pocket and inadvertently looked like I was caught wiping, and decided to let the bus know that I specifically wasn’t wiping my bum. Laughed hard enough to get snot down my shirt, and have had to taxi home to get changed, then will have to explain to my boss why I’m going to be an hour and a half late today.

UPDATE:
Have since arrived at work and explained to the boss what had happened.

My new nickname is smear and everyone is walking round with toilet paper hanging out of the back of their trousers.

Would just like to also point out that the cold has currently consumed every soul in my office, which funnily enough is where I caught it./n(Happened last night). My wife and I have a really playful & sarcastic relationship, and we love to mess with each other in just about any situation. My wife had been on face time with her mom for a while, and so I decided to try to get her to crack by doing a stupid strip dance. I was on the other side of the camera, so *in my mind* only my wife could see the true glory. It definitely got NSFW pretty quick and then I heard my mother in law say "OMG put your clothes on!"

Wife was sitting next to a window, turned out my reflection was positioned perfectly so my mother-in-law saw the whole thing. Of course I didn't notice the reflection and my wife wasn't paying attention to her face cam to warn me.

Thank god my mother in law is cool- cuz the next thing she said was "well, I guess you guys have some business to take care of. Have a good night, love you both!"

TL;DR- My MIL saw my ass last night/nEDIT: [Update here.] (http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2feoep/tifupdate_tifu_by_letting_my_boyfriend_finger_me/)

It was supposed to be romantic. It was our last night together before he left on a plane, not to see me for months, and we were about to get groovy.

We were under the stars, kissing and holding each other and spending a long time on the perfect foreplay. It was fucking amazing. We were ready to fuck like animals and to make sweet love all at once.

We were naked and touching each other to build up suspense, and he began to finger me hard, leaving me moaning, but with an... odd... sensation as well.

   "There's something inside you," he said.

   "There's nothing, don't stop," I replied, uneasily. 

   "No, there's something inside you. It feels plastic."

Horror chills my veins. It had been about two weeks since my period. But I knew then that I had left my menstrual cup (basically a plastic cup for blood/period gunk not to be left in longer than 12 hours) in for the past *14 days.* 

IDIOTICALLY, I asked him to help me remove it so we could continue. MOTHER OF GOD... it smelled like an eviscerated decomposing body mixed with rotting broccoli, sewage, and rotting eggs ALL IN ONE. And the smell DID NOT GO AWAY. I threw out the cup and its contents, but the stench of 14 day old rotting blood and uterine gunk is not one that fades easily. I could tell my squeamish boyfriend was trying extremely hard not to lose his shit and vomit. But it only got worse from there.

The stench would not leave, and it was coming from my vagina. To try and bring the mood back, I went to the bathroom to try and freshen up. He joined me, perhaps to make me feel less disgusting. Bad idea. With a feeling like an impending queef but somehow *thicker*, my vagina suddenly emptied a massive glob of this filth and it splattered a surprisingly large amount of brown rotted uterine filth all over my poor boyfriend's leg... He practically ran home.


/nI was on my last exercise, which was just your regular old sit up. I get to the point where I can barely finish a full sit up, pushing myself hard to finish the last few, when I feel a pop in my left ear. My ear starts ringing. Nothing else was wrong with me though, so I shrugged it off, quit my workout, and went to sleep about an hour later.

It's 6 am when I wake up. I look at the time, but I notice everything around me seems to be spinning. I also realize the sound of every movement I make only seems to reach my right ear. Something was definitely wrong, and I immediately remembered the pop in my ear the night before. At this point I'm not *that* worried yet.

But I start googling my symptoms, as you do. I usually don't get too affected by all these "*you have cancer*" or "*you're going to die!*" diagnoses you always find, but this time it struck me that everything definitely pointed to a serious issue: a fractured round or oval window. This can cause serious hearing loss. By now, I also found out that every movement I make causes intense vertigo and nausea. This is the point I start panicking a bit.

After a visit to the doctor, a nice morning of throwing up from nausea, and then a hospital visit, I'm told that it is probably exactly what I thought. Apparently it is extremely rare, but this can happen during a workout. I'm given steroids for a higher chance of recovery and get sent home. Two days later I get a call from the doctor, asking if I can have surgery the next day. She explained it didn't feel right to her and she wanted to diagnose the problem and possibly fix it as soon as possible.

I had the surgery, and everything seemed healthy. She explained that this meant it was likely indeed a fracture in the oval window. Fractures can be so small, it's possible you will never locate them. During surgery, she something to the oval window to increase the likelyhood of recovery, but that's all she could do.

Now, after more than a month of recovering from the vertigo I can do basically everything I used to be able to. Hearing in my left ear is gone. I've been told that it's very unlikely to recover. My balance is still somewhat off but I've been told I'll get used to that. I'm already mostly used to it. Hearing with just one ear has many downsides, and don't get me wrong it fucking sucks, but I've learned to live with it already. Well, other than the fact that I am now somewhat terrified of the thought of this happening to my right ear as well.

Now what irrationally stings the most about this whole ordeal. I'm a big Linkin Park fan. I had even pre-ordered the collector's edition of their last album. This story happened the day before the Linkin Park concert in Amsterdam that I had tickets to. I obviously couldn't go. It's a selfish thought, but it really fucking stings now that I know it was the last opportunity to see them live.

*****

**TL;DR
I was working out using bad form and breathing techniques, feel a pop in my left ear, wake up deaf the next morning with extreme vertigo. Had surgery and medicine, but to no avail. Am deaf in my left ear now.**

*****

Edit: wording and spelling

Edit 2: some people asking what the TIFU was... I mean I literally did sit ups so hard and with wrong breathing techniques  that I put too much pressure on my head and ripped a vital part of my left ear. I think that counts, even if some bad luck is required as well.

***Edit 3 (now bolded because this is important): To those saying "Another reason not to work out" and actually mean it: I was incredibly dumb. Please remember that. I held my breath, which is dumb. I kept going when my body barely could, which is dumb. I strained all my muscles to get those last few sit ups out, which is dumb. Etc. Working out doesn't cause this. Being a dumb fuck who doesn't know what he's doing causes this.***

Edit 4: Thanks for the 2x gold! Don't really know what to say. Really appreciate it!

And another Edit, number 5: FRONTPAGE! :o I really appreciate all the kind words. Everyone wants to give me advice and help me, and that's amazing. The internet isn't always a shitty place after all. Also love all the messages I got! Don't have time to read them all right now, but I will tomorrow!/nSo I'm literally writing this about 30 minutes after it happened,

So this morning I'm thinking I'm going to smoke a small joint before I go into work to deal some minor stress (dad just had a heart attack this morning) so I'm running late thanks to the awful choice to smoke a joint, as I realise I wasn't going to get to the train station in time I spent £10 on a taxi there,

So I get to the train station and buy my ticket (£6.80) and jump on the train ready to not be late for work!

So what happens? Because I'm so fucking baked I leave my ticket and the receipt on the train... get to the barriers and I can't find the bloody thing, at which point I ask an attendant if I'm able to re buy my ticket and he tells me "yes but you're going to have to pay a £20 fine for traveling without a ticket as well" as annoying as this is I can't do much but agree, so I pay, now my journey is at £33.60 so far, I then ask if I can have my ticket so I can return back from work later and I'm told "no you will have to buy another one" 

So after this costly shitstorm of a travel fare I get into work and explain my shitty morning to my manager and that I'm going to need to take tomorrow off to see my dad in hospital,

I then find out that I have booked today and tomorrow off about 2 weeks ago.

TIFU..

TL;DR

Got high, late for work, paid an expensive taxi, lost train ticket on train, got fined, had to buy a new one as well, didn't even have to be at work today, the journey totalled £40.40./nEvery Monday evening after work I go to an aerobics class which involves a LOT of jumping around. This week I was in a hurry and I had to get a lift because my car is in the garage and my mum was shouting me to get in the car as I'm getting dressed.

I put on my sports bra which is zip at the front and has a few clips on the inside as well but because my mum was rushing me I skipped the clips thinking it will be fine. Spoiler alert - it wasn't fine.

So mid way through my aerobics class I feel a PING and my damn sports bra has burst open, tiddies waving around for all to see. Now my boobs aren't small, we're talking DD, I was MORTIFIED. Ran to the toilet to do my bra back up, can't imagine going back to that class now.

TLDR; Didn't do my sports bra up properly, it pinged open and everyone saw my boobs

Edit: Some of your responses have had me in tears laughing, thanks Reddit for making me laugh about it.

Edit 2: Thanks for the silver!

Edit 3: Gold! Wow thank you stranger! I definitely think my wayward boobs earned this!/nWell... not today but about 20 years ago. I was young teenager in a summer camp and did not know any better. I looked at the sun through my partially closed fist (to reduce aperture) with my right eye. I have a small spot in my right eye that kinda static (like TV static). Whenever I take eye exam (reading letters), I have a very hard time reading letters with my right eye (because of the burned spot).

I have since got LASIK (I had a slightly bad vision) and my right eye came out slightly worse than the left. All because we could not get acurate reading (I kept screwing up reading part).

Burned eye retina, like mine, is incurable and inoperable. I will have to live with this all my life. It's not bad enough that would render me disabled, just annoying sometimes. 

Please watch out for kids looking at the eclipse. They will see that all adults look at the sky and do the same. That is what I did. 

Please be aware of eye protection tomorow.

TL;DR burned my right eye retina looking at the solar eclipse and now can not pass eye exam. 

Edit : since evrybody asking. I've looked at it for around 30 min. It was partial eclipse. 

Edit 2: jeez, so many of you replying with the same experience. This issue needs to be better explained to the public, maybe tought in schools. /nThis story happened years ago, back when I was a weird 14 year old kid. 

I had always been interested in psychology and at the time came across articles about hallucinations, which resulted in a brief obsession with the topic. Eventually, I really wanted to experience hallucinations myself, of course without having to take drugs or doing anything harmful. 

So, I googled away. Goldmine: I found a step-by-step guide on how to induce hallucinations:

*1. Cover each eye with half a ping pong ball*

*2. Make sure that the room is dark and have a red light in front of you to look into.*

*3. Use noise canceling headphones and listen to static*

*4. Wait around looking like a maniac and eventually (hopefully) hallucinate*



Naturally, this wasn’t something that I intended on doing with other people in the house. I patiently waited for an opportunity to be home alone and put my master plan into action:

I stole one of my brothers ping pong balls and cut it in half, took my mother’s infrared lamp and darkened out my room. Within a short amount of time, I was ready. 

Now, imagine a kid sitting completely still on a chair with ping pong balls glued over their eyes, wearing headphones and staring into an infrared lamp in complete darkness.  Yep - it’s as weird as it sounds. 

I cant put into words how excited I was to experience hallucinations first-hand and completely lost track of time. But alas! My waiting paid off, when I began to faintly hear footsteps, something that the guide explained was a common first auditory hallucination. My journey into a heightened state of mind was finally taking course! ... Or so I thought. 

Turns out that in the meantime, my parents and brother had come back home. My mom noticed the odd red light shining under my closed door and checked up on me, only to find me like... *that*. 

After getting over the initial shock, she called over the other family members to come take look at me, while I was sitting there blissfully unaware and pumped about finally ‘hallucinating’. Of course they didn’t pass up on the chance to take a couple of photos of me, before tapping  my shoulder and asking me *what the fuck* I was doing. 

You can imagine my horror when I realized that the tap on my shoulder wasn’t a hallucination, but real. 

The aftermath was that I had to buy my brother new ping pong balls and that I became the laughing stock of my family for a while, resulting in an embarrassing story that my parents still like to bring up occasionally. And of course, the pictures were shown around as well, causing immense embarrassment on my part. 

And arguably the saddest part of the story is that I never wound up hallucinating as I had originally planned. 

**TL;DR : I glued ping pong balls over my eyes, listened to static and sat in complete darkness while staring into res light in an attempt to hallucinate - got caught by my family and ended up completely embarrassed**



**Update:** I looked through my phone and actually found one of the pictures that my parents took, [try not to judge too harshly please, lol. ](https://imgur.com/a/DPapGlo) /nJust a simple fuck up that I made a few months ago, but I thought it would be fitting. 

My friend has been in an off and on again relationship with a really great girl. However, there was a point in which she was cheating on him. This time has passed (as far as we all know) and they are happily married now and expecting a baby in the next few months. 

Anyway, the day he called me to tell me the news is when I fucked up. I get the call, and i can tell that I am on speaker phone. I had no idea that his girl was also on the call with us. He says something along the lines of..

"Guess what man!! Me and (So and so) are having a baby!!"

Me, being the unfiltered and untrusting idiot that I am.. replies 

"DUDE YOU BETTER MAKE SURE THAT BABY IS ACTUALLY YOURS BRO!! Get a DNA test done immediately. She might be tryna get you to pay for another's dudes baby!!"

And of course, that comment is followed by a very long and ackward pause, until he says..

"Um. Oh no, haha. It's mine. (So and So) is actually here in the car with me. Your on speaker dude..."

And that is the moment I knew I fucked up. 

"Oh......... hey (so and so). Congrats guys!!! LOVE YOU BYE!!!"

TL ; DR    I fucked up by telling my buddy his wife may have gotten impregnated by another dude, while she was also listening to the call on speaker. All they wanted to do was share the good news with me./nOriginal post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/buxuye/tifu\_by\_letting\_my\_manager\_know\_i\_had\_sex\_with/?utm\_source=share&amp;amp;amp;utm\_medium=web2x](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/buxuye/tifu_by_letting_my_manager_know_i_had_sex_with/?utm_source=share&amp;amp;amp;utm_medium=web2x)

Sorry for the long wait for those wondering what happened. First off, wow, I am a fucking idiot and so are my friends. Anyways, I probably stayed in the bathroom for a solid 30-40 minutes figuring out what I could possibly do to save my ass after writing the original reddit post. I decided to go back and just come out clean since there was no way I could save this especially after the text message notification. It would've been possible to do so if my friend didn't text that at the same exact moment, but that just sealed the deal. First thing i did was to show her that the pic was deleted for sure and that she could look at my phone if she didn't believe me. I told her that I had a thing with her daughter this year and found her (the manager) attractive, so I ended up telling my friends about it, who became interested. I also said that my friends and I were being completely immature about the whole situation, and that I would understand if there were any consequences. Somehow, she was being considerate and could see that I was fucking trembling (also i am an intern, so I guess that helps since im young). She replied back by thanking me for the compliment but what i did was completely unacceptable and would get me fired anywhere else. She said that she'll let this go (probably understands that i'm an idiot, but also young), and that she will have a talk with her daughter tonight...

Currently, it is the night, and I am scared to go back to work tomorrow because I have no clue what the daughter will say, but at least the mom is being understanding. Will update tomorrow.

Update: It is tomorrow for those wondering (May 31st, 9:45 EST time). I am sweating balls right now. She just came into the office and I am not ready to talk to her again. Will update what happens. 

Update 2 (10:59 EST time): I’m not sure if I have to make a new reddit post or can just update y’all here? but anyways holy shit, it’s been an hour. So when she came I could literally feel the tension in the air. I didn’t make any eye contact, just pretended that I was working on stuff even though I couldn’t focus. She said let’s go to her main office/room and talk (she usually works at her table next to mine but for important meetings/conference calls, she just goes into the room). She says that she brought up my name with her daughter and nothing bad came out of that convo (so thank you ____, if you ever come across this). Then she said we will move past this and never talk about it again and that I should learn from my mistakes. She said that to break the awkwardness, we will get lunch today?? She was in a hurry, so I feel like it hasn’t been completely cleared up. I’ll keep you guys posted. Seems like I’m in the clear though haha. Not sure if I should reach out to her daughter now

Update 3 (3:00 EST Time) Lunch Date: I am back! Wow okay, so basically we went out to eat, just the two of us,  and we were initially in the car just talking about work. I was acting pretty quiet because I was still shook at how things turned out, but I’m sure she could tell I was still tense because she slowly made our convo more casual by asking personal life questions like about my family, etc. NOW this is where things went different... She started talking about her family, and how’s she’s a single mom, etc. I ended up showing a picture of my fam to her and she said, “wow, what a beautiful family. You guys are all so cute together.” Then the convo diverted towards her daughter and she asked me how I knew her. I said from school (I’m sure she already had asked these questions to her daughter last night but she probs asked me this just for the sake of convo starters). At this point, I remembered reading your guys crazy comments about what could happen and felt a surge of confidence come back and keep in mind my boss is pretty hot, so I’m like fuck it let’s see where this goes. I say, “yeah she’s really cool and a lot of people think she has beautiful eyes. I can clearly see where they come from now (hinting at my manager).” She gladly smiles and says wow thank you, and we continue to talk. Now I’m back at the office, and I just got an email from her - BBQ at her house Sunday night. The whole team was invited which is like 10 people.  

Tldr for update 3: I feel like I’m thinking with my dick now, is that a bad thing? Honestly I could just be overlooking this whole situation and she wants nothing to do with me. I’d be the luckiest man alive if I can go from fucking up that badly to fucking the boss. Might have to delete this thread soon just in case though.

Update 4 (bbq): nothing happened, everything is normal. I talked to the daughter too and just caught up with her for a few mins and that’s all


TL : DR; I come out clean to my manager and she understands. Says she has to talk to her daughter about me though.../nThis fuck up happened last night.  I'm still dealing with the repercussions.

Background.  I'm 33 years old, married to my college sweetheart with 1 kid.  My wife stays at home with our daughter and she's 7 months pregnant with our son due in late August.

Last night, about 5pm she asked me if I'd run to Sonic and get her a drink.  I said sure, no biggie and headed out.

I make this run at least 4 times a week because my wife has cravings for these slushies at Sonic.

Here's where I fucked up.

So I put my order in and a few minutes later this early 20s something waitress comes out to my truck (Brand new Dodge Ram, all blacked out on 22s jacked up, dark tinted windows).  She is smoking hot, in cutoff jeans and on roller skates, and a little sweaty cause it's boiling outside.  I must have some roller skate fetish as my mind kinda blacked out for a minute thinking about how hot this chick was.  And in my defense, I'm not exactly getting any at home cause my wife is pregnant and it's 100 degrees outside so she's miserable all the time.

So she comes up to my window, and I roll it down and she says hi and hands me my drink.  She looks at me dead in my eyes and says "OMG I love your truck, it's so fucking sexy".  I was kinda dumbfounded for a second as I processed that she said "fucking sexy".  For some dumbass reason my response back was  "Well maybe you should come for a ride sometime".....and before the last word came out of my mouth I knew I had fucked up.

She says "Sure, just come by sometime, I get off at 9pm Monday and Tuesday."

I smile, say "ok cutie" and drive off thinking to myself "Damn I still got it", knowing full well that I'd never act on it because 1.  I'm not a cheater, 2.  My wife would literally murder me and dump my body in a river and 3. I'm not sure I'd even know what do with a 20 year old anymore.

Here comes the pain I'm still enduring as of this morning.

8:45pm last night, my wife comes out of the bedroom not in her normal PP's (Pregnant Pajama's) and says "Do you want anything from Sonic, I'm going for a Slushi".  I didn't really think anything about it at the time, and told her no.

As she leaves, I notice on our security camera that she took my truck.  Whatever, no big deal, it's more comfortable for her to drive.  30 minutes later she gets home and she's visibly pissed.  She comes into the Kitchen and tosses her Slushi into the sink and it splatters everywhere.  I'm still unaware of my impending doom.  I ask her innocently "What's wrong babe, did they not have your flavor or something?"  She looks at me with the stare of 1000 burning suns and says "No, but Sarah at Sonic was really sad I couldn't give her a ride in your truck.  You're sleeping on the couch asshole".

FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK.

**TL;DR - I'm a moron and I'm probably getting divorced because my wife found out I was flirting at Sonic**

Adding updates here

**Update #1**

Ok. My wife finally talked to me. She said I need to go apologize to the girl then come straight home, otherwise I might as well just go stay in a hotel. Apparently the girl was upset when my wife told her I was married and she was pregnant.

I'm sitting in my truck in the driveway trying to figure out how the fuck I get out of this. REDDIT HELP!

**Update #2**

Well, guess who's banned from my local sonic now? God damnit. When I got there I got out of my truck and went inside and found the girl and apologized. She laughed about it, but her manager wasn't so amused. He started yelling at me "How could you hit on someone with a pregnant wife, blah blah blah" and the girl just turned bright red. I told him she hit on me first and I wasn't really going to do anything I was just flattered and didn't think when I spoke. Nope, didn't care.

I'm banned from the Sonic now. FUCK.

**Update #3 Posted Below - This isn't going to end well for me**.

Got home, told my wife what happened and she's SO PISSED. It's like an episode of Sopranos with all the Fbombs and Motherfuckers. So guess who get's to go BACK to Sonic now with my WIFE in tow? Yep, me. Update #4 coming if we don't end up in jail.

**Update #4 - What in the actual fuck just happened......**

Well, we're going to have to find a new Sonic, we're both banned now and Sarah quit after her boss started talking shit at her for starting all this.  I think his exact words were "Take out the drinks next time and don't hit on the customers dumbass"  My wife just lost it, calling this guy all kinds of names and screaming at him for being a dbag.  He ran into the back and locked the door after she threatened to "Put his ass in the Slushi machine".  He threatened to call the cops if we didn't leave so that's what we did.  As we walked out to our truck Sarah asked us if we could give her a ride home since we got her fired basically and her roommate couldn't pick her up for another hour.   (I guess her roommate drops her off and picks her up every day.) I'm not even kidding right now my wife is giving her a ride.  I'm sitting in the back and they are just chatting away up front like best friends.  She's laughing really hard right now about the whole thing (and calling me some choice names) and I told her and Sarah (again) how sorry I was for causing all of it.  I think I may be out of the doghouse on this one.  Fireworks coming up so I won't be able to post an update for a little bit.

**Update #5 - Guess who's coming to dinner???**

Yep, you guessed it.  Sarah is at my house right now, playing with my daughter.  The wife and her seem to hit it off and are now fast friends.  On the ride back to her house my wife being the nice person she is asked if she had plans.  Of course she didn't have anything to do.  I fully suspect this is straight up pregnant wife payback.  She keeps asking me why I'm on my phone so much so I have to put it away for a bit.  My parents and brother are here with the kids and we're about to start shooting off fireworks.  This isn't awkward at all.  Nope, not one little bit.   This is my wife getting me back for being such a colossal dumb-ass and I can't do anything but grin and bear it.

**Update #6 - Well I'm not on the couch anymore.....**

......but Sarah is.  She's passed out downstairs cause she's drunk and we're all too tipsy to drive.  Obviously my wife could drive her but she's playing the "I'm too tired" card and said she can sleep on the couch.  My wife is taking this too far, she knows she has all the power and she's making my life miserable on purpose.  I suppose I deserve it.  Oh well, here's another shot of Tequila down the hatch, I'm going to bed.    I will post update #7 when I wake up and figure out how to get this chick out of my fucking house.  Jesus fucking Christ.

**Update #6.5 - COME ON MODS!!!!**

I guess the mods just locked.  I'll keep posting updates to the original post as long as they let me.    Happy 4th everyone, I need to sleep this Tequila off.

**Update #7 - Would you like eggs for breakfast?**

My daughter just ran in our room and woke us up "Daddy it smells like bacon, did you cook me breakfast?".  WTF???  I get up and go downstairs and Sarah has apparently opened an iHOP in our kitchen.  Eggs, toast, hash-browns, bacon, pancakes.   As I turned the corner into our kitchen she smiles and says "Hey Mr.Hungover, too much Tequila last night?  Let me fix you right up".   Mind you, she's still her cutoffs from work, but she's tossed the Sonic top and is now just wearing a white tank top.  (Jesus lord give me strength)  I'm sitting on the couch with my little girl watching cartoons and she brought me coffee and two aspirins (I guess she found the medicine drawer in our kitchen also).  I can hear the wife is in the shower getting ready.  I'm reading some of your comments and messages.  Basic themes "Send us pics of the truck or girl" (Can't do that my truck is so custom any of my friends that read this would know immediately it's me) or "This is fake as fuck" and "Your wife is a bitch", followed by "Oh please dear Christ I hope you had a 3-some last night" and the best so far "My name is Nick, yep that's my real name.  I want you to say it when you're ramming both of them later tonight".  Thanks Nick, I'll never get that out of my head.  I'm pretty sure I'm going to have to drive Sarah home cause I have to leave for work soon.

**Update #8 - Ok this girl is NUTS**

So as I expected, my wife didn't want to leave so I'm driving Sarah home now.  Her house is about a 20 minute drive so I'm already feeling it's going to be awkward as fuck.  We get a few minutes down the road and she leans over and changes the station.  I'm humming away at the music and after a few minutes of silence she says "You know, I was really disappointed you didn't come downstairs last night".  I'm floored.  What is wrong with this girl?  Seriously?  With my daughter and wife in the house??!?  I look at her and say "Look you're a nice girl, and I made a fool out of myself yesterday.  But it can't happen, I love my family too much".  She leans over and puts her hand on the inside of my thigh.  I jerk the wheel of the truck squirming away and almost run off the road.  "Sarah, seriously, you gotta stop" I said.  She looks me dead in the eyes and says "Your wife will never know.  My roommate is gone, we can spend the whole day together".  "Nope, Sarah, not gonna happen.  I'm not losing my family for a one night stand, sorry".  She sits back and huffs "Ok fine whatever" and we sit in silence for the rest of the trip home.  I dropped her off and said bye and got the fuck out of there.  I'm at work now, pondering what the hell just happened and I'm debating if I should even tell my wife.

**Update #9 - And troll of the year goes to.......**

Sorry for delay, but it's been a busy day.  I decided that honesty was the best policy.  I came home from work and the wife and kiddo were playing.  I sat down and cracked open a cold beer, thinking about how good my life was right at this moment and was really hopeful whatever I told my wife in a few minutes wouldn't change that.  My wife got off the floor and waddled over to me and plopped on my lap.  "You know how much I love you right?" she said.  "Of course baby, you're the best thing that's ever happened to me" I replied back with.  "I need to tell you something though".  She smirked and grinned "Oh yeah what's that?".  I cleared my throat and looked at her "Don't get mad, but on the way to Sarah's house this morning, she grabbed me and asked me to come inside with her, I didn't do it and I told her to leave us alone and that I love my wife.  Please don't be mad at me I love you so much."  My wife lets out a huge roaring laugh.  I'm not sure if she's happy laughing or pissed laughing.  "Honey, I told her to do that, to get you back for being such a pig, we're even now, ok?  Don't ever even think about another girl again."  A wave of relief washes over me as my heart rate drops down to a manageable level again.  We just hung out the rest of the night cracking jokes about it.  I'm never messing around with her again./nNo, this was not in the Victorian Era. It happened a few minutes ago.

&#x200B;

Let me preface this by saying it has been a long day and my brain is malfunctioning a bit.

&#x200B;

Anyway, I was walking down the street on my lunch break when I saw a woman wearing really cool shoes. After months of boots, it's nice to see some cool sandals, amirite?  I also noticed, by looking at her ankles, that she had really nice milky white skin. I'm trying a new thing where I attempt to compliment one person every day (because I'm an introvert with mental health issues, and the internet says this will help). So, I decided this was my moment. But I thought complimenting someone's skin would sound weird, so I figured I'd stick with telling her that her shoes were nice.

&#x200B;

I quickly psyched myself up to speak to a stranger, going against all the advice I'd gotten in kindergarten. I was totally ready. I was gonna do it.

&#x200B;

However, as she passed me, my brain apparently misfired, and I said, "Hey, I like your ankles!"

&#x200B;

She gave me a weird look and quickly walked away as I cringed. Oh well, at least now she has a good story about the crazy lady who complimented her ankles!

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Instead of saying I liked a woman's shoes, I said I liked her ankles./nMy wife and I were having a holiday in New Zealand's South Island, and visited Dunedin. I've been there a number of times and casually asked my wife: 

"Have you ever been to the world's steepest street?"

"No." says she

"Would you be interested in having a look?" says I

"I dunno" says she, in the often used tone of a woman that clearly means No, but with words softer than a blunt refusal.

Being the loving husband I am, knowing full well how much she hates heights, I take her words as enthusiastic consent. She gave in and decided to give it a try.

[Baldwin street in Dunedin is very steep](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baldwin_Street). It doesn't look like it's too bad when your facing it, but as soon as you drive up it (or walk, if you're particularly adventurous), it quickly becomes quite intimidating. Some facts: they couldn't use ordinary roading materials because of how steep it is, and the footpath/sidewalk is one very long staircase - it's too dangerous to have it flat.

My wife quickly started to panic - but it was the sort of mid-level panic that me, as her husband, finds deeply amusing.

Anyway, we got to the top, and found a driveway to turn into so we could make the return journey facing down. I suggested reversing down and got punched.

Well, the mid-level panic quickly turned into full blown "I hate you" panic as the car lurched to the side as we turned to face the decent. The car was then pointing down at such an angle that you felt like it was impossible for the brakes to hold and that the car would simply fall uncontrollably. She had to cling onto the dashboard and everything else within reach to remain in her seat and she didn't trust her seat belt alone. 

We drove slowly down the street:

"TOO FAST"

"TOO FAST"

\*we came to a stop\*

"TOO FAST"

Her eyes were clamped shut in such a way that I was expecting a wonderful velcro-like tearing noise when she finally opened them.

After 17 lunar months the road leveled out and we parked up. My wife was hyperventilating and punching me at the same time. It took her quite a while to calm down.

After a few minutes I said "Well that was fun, want to go again".

I slept in the car that night.

&#x200B;

TL:DR - took wife up the world's steepest street, she had a panic attack and I became a victim of a woman's scorn. 

Edit: no, I didn’t actually sleep in the car. Wife doesn’t have anxiety issues. She later agreed that her reaction was funny and that she would have done the same to me had the situation arisen. Our marriage is such that we do things like this to each other and get a laugh out of each other’s reactions. I know where the line is for her and she with me. Please calm down with the psychoanalysing./nIt was for my last gen-ed, a simple 500 word essay. I wanted to go out that night so I said fuck it and copied a wikipedia paragraph and changed it up. I thought it was good enough to pass turnitin, apparently not. Its up to the teacher to determine what punishment I could have gotten. She sent me to the dean with the recommendation that I be expelled. Now the dean told me I can't graduate. I spent 4 years working on an engineering degree. I have over $100,000 in loans, and I can't be hired without my degree. My life literally vanished in the matter of 20 minutes.

Worst part was that I could have taken a 0 on the assignment and still passed with a B. 

TLDR: Got kicked out of school for plagiarizing my last college essay which I could have taken a 0 on.

*Edit: I am graduating*/nThis happened about two years ago and it’s been heavy on my mind ever since. I would like to speak about it to ease the burden and please don’t judge me too much for being a retard.

Two years ago, I was serving National Service in Singapore(mandatory for all males) and after a couple of months of vocational training, I was sent to a cool unit where I would spend the rest of my time until I completed my National Service(two years in total). It was a small unit with fewer than twenty people in total and we had to work a full day’s shift with a sergeant and two enlisted men. All three of us were conscripted soldiers bidding our time. Cutting out the technical details - the three of us worked in an isolated room where we had to be there for twenty four hours for the duration of our shift.

We were not allowed to leave this room and it came with an attached bathroom for us to shower and pee/poop. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, and night snack would be sent to us by an external staff and we would return the food bag the following day when we were done with our duty. It gets really boring as trouble was extremely unlikely to happen and we basically sat all day talking and idling. When it was night time, the sergeant would sleep till morning and the two enlisted men would take turns to monitor the system.

One night, my fellow enlisted man was having a headache and I volunteered to cover the night shift on my own so he could rest. I was extremely bored as we didn’t have any internet access and mobile phones were prohibited. I just laid idly and waited for the time to pass. This was right about three in the morning and I had another three hours to kill. I was also extremely horny as I hadn’t had a release in a while(single, prostitution was a once a month luxury). 

I had read an ex-convict’s blog about how they used to release their sexual tension by stealing hotdog buns and use it to masturbate and was curious to give it a go(brain fart!). Right then, I remembered we had hotdogs for night snack and figured trying it out since I had nothing to do at that time. I used the bun and pleasured myself and came in it after a while. We didn’t have rubbish bins as to prevent rodents and had to keep our trash in the food bag so I quickly placed the sausage back in the bun and placed it in the food bag. We have separate food bags for each meal and I figured once we had to change shift, I would bring all the food bags out and get rid of the bun. 

Here is the part I fucked up. I was so tired after the action that I dozed off at the desk. When I woke up, I realise it was morning and people had started walking around. Half-awake, I quickly glanced around and realised all the food bags were gone. That sight got me up real fast and I asked where were the bags and the other man told me that my sergeant cleared them. To my horror, he said my sergeant had eaten the night snack in the morning as he was hungry and could not wait till the shift was over for breakfast.

I was fucking shitting my pants and hoped he wouldn’t suspect anything. He came in later to tell us we could get ready to leave and nothing was out of place. He was acting normally and we went home after. I couldn’t sleep for weeks and tried avoiding duties with him after the incident.

I felt really bad but I dared not tell him what had happened and I was pretty sure I would be sent to military prison. Ever since, I gave up eating hotdogs entirely. 

TLDR: Masturbated in night snack(hotdog bun) and failed to clear it in time before sergeant ate it for breakfast/nSo this happened when I was about 13. It was 2am in October when my mom got a call that my uncle had passed away. When I awoke the next morning to my very concerned looking parents sitting on the edge of my bed, I knew someone had died. My mom broke down and told me it was my uncle. I cried but I wasn't terribly close to him although we were far from strangers. I packed my things and we flew to California and for the next 2 weeks we remained by my distressed grandmother's side. 

When Andy died (name change for obvious reasons) everyone was alerted but many weren't told how he died until the whole family was together, I was one of those who was left in the dark. When we arrived in California that day we drove to my great grandmothers house and everyone had gathered and there was hushed conversations and hugging and crying. I was very confused because it had now been hours and no one had told me how Andy had passed. My mom and grandma, after much pestering, brought me out back and told me the news. Andy had shot himself out in the bay and his body was discovered in a boat when his truck was reported for over night parking in a public space (I believe that's how they found him, I'm still a little fuzzy on the details). I didn't really process this until much later and soon you'll know why. 

While attending Andy's funeral only immediate family were allowed to see his body, due to the shape he was in and his sustained injuries. That included my Grandmother, Mom, Grandfather, and Me. I think maybe one other person was allowed in but he was kept in a separate room from the rest of the family and covered in sheet. You could only see his arms and hands which were crossed over his chest. Everyone took their time with him and finally we all went to the service. I heard my mother saying she wanted to see what his face looked like after the gunshot but the funeral director told her something along the lines of "I can't stop you but I truly and honestly hope you don't look. You want to remember him how he was". I was in complete shock and I distinctly remember wanting to see him. As a child I needed to see my uncle Andy again and I wanted to see his face. 

I had not processed this or thought it through whatsoever so by the time I had excused myself from the service to go to the bathroom and while I was sneaking into the back room I just wanted to see my uncle.

I'm not gonna draw this out. You don't need to know what was under that sheet. Andy wasn't there. Just burnt cheeks and a hole on the top of his head. I remember being very calm and putting the sheet back and going to sit back with my mom. I didn't cry until about a month later in class when someone was joking about suicide for a class project and continued to laugh while saying "There are many ways to commit suicide. There's hanging, slitting your wrists, shooting yourself" etc. It hit me like a ton of bricks and I lost it. I've since seen a therapist for this and I'm a healthy a well adapted adult but this is a tale of caution for everyone out there. When someone you love kills themselves and a funeral director tells you it's better you remember them the way they are, fucking listen to them. It's not worth it, trust me.

**TL;DR While attending my uncle's funeral I looked at his face (it was a closed casket situation/he shot himself). Fucked me up for years.**

**Edit:** poorly worded TL;DR

**Update:** Wow! I can't believe how much traction this gained. Thank you so much everyone for all your kind words and I'm sorry for everyone who has lost someone and I hope you are all finding comfort in knowing that you're not alone. Big thank you to whoever gave me gold! I want my story to be a cautionary tale and I'll try to get through all the comments if I can. /nIn classic TIFU fashion, this happened 3 years ago:


It was my junior year of college and I found myself having regular coitus sessions with a woman. A human woman! Things were going great, but we decided to make things more interesting.


In my mind, shower sex had always seemed like a good idea. I had seen videos of it and heard stories about it, so when she suggested we try it out I agreed instantly. I really should have done my research.


At this point in my life, I had my own bathroom that had abysmal ventilation, but it had a shower/bathtub combo so we decided on using my place. I guess I conflated the ideas of sex being hot and temperature being hot because I cranked the shit out of the heat in that shower.


2 minutes later and we've begun the act. The act itself was rather unpleasant. The plopping and squishing noises of our wet bodies were completely unexpected. As a tall dude, I have to like semi-squat behind her. After about 5 minutes or so we get into a groove and I can feel myself nearing completion, but I also start feeling very weird. Between the squishing, the squatting, the thrusting, and making sure nobody gets waterboarded accidentally, I realized I hadn't taken a breath in about 45 seconds. This sexual experience had been an entirely anaerobic experience for me and I just realized.


As the bald man is about to cry his first tears, I desperately gasp for air. The steam in the bathroom is now a dense fog that contains little usable oxygen. Immediately, every muscle in my body simultaneously cramps. I fall out of the shower while decorating a wall with a Peter-Parker-esque web. At this point, my muscles are too fucked to even attempt to stand, so I begin a last ditch effort to crawl to open that door while still cumming. My partner is visibly horrified and shrieking as she watches my wet, doughy, pale ass slide like a slug to the door, leaving a trail of water and my own ejaculate.


After I managed to get out of the bathroom, I lost consciousness about 4 feet from the door. When I woke up, the girl was dressed and ready to leave. In my exhaustion, I mumbled a goodbye to her and waved as she departed. I always think about that goodbye from her perspective; a giant half-conscious naked man lying on the floor covered in his own semen waving goodbye. She might still be in therapy working out that image.


Tl;dr had shower sex and cramped up/passed out from a lack of oxygen, having to crawl out of the bathroom while still ejaculating, 6/10 experience overall/nI'm fucking pissed.

I'm giving some passengers, a young couple in town, a ride to St. Anne's. We're having a great conversation and coming down Harry Hines. We're on the left lane, and this city worker was coming out of a ditch on the right slowly, with his hazards on. This other dude is coming in at like 50 mph and slams into the truck. He cusses about "where the fuck did that guy come out of," backs out and takes off. The guy passenger in my car takes pictures and gets the dude's license plate, and I tell the girl to call 9-11.

I park and the dude and I get out and go over to the guy. I didn't wanna look inside because the front of the truck was all smashed in, and I never get used to seeing someone dead. Someone said he was out cold. His airbags deployed. Then the post starts leaning more, and the power lines start stretching. The post cracks and snaps something and a huge voltage flame shoots out.

No one wants to move the guy because with a collision like that, you can seriously fuck them up more. Then someone yells that the truck is leaking gas like a mother fucker and they keep a perimeter.

One of the scariest fucking things I've ever had to do in my life, but the thought of the flames reaching the gas and burning the dude alive... I couldn't stand around. I ran to the passenger side and unbuckled the guy's seatbelt and shouted at him to wake up. Blood, drool, and snot are coming out of his mouth. He's fucked up. I can smell the gas, and the cables are stretching even more. So now it's not just burning to death. There's a possibility for electrocution.

So, fuck it. I run over to the driver's side and grab the guy. He couldn't have been more than 120lb and was about 5'8". I never realized how heavy deadweight actually is. All I'm thinking is, "Not today. Not today. Not today. Don't let me burn. Don't let me get electrocuted. Not today." This dude was HEAVY and I'm struggling. The other dudes come running to help and we haul his ass to the median.

And the fucked up thing is that while all this is happening, I'm still thinking about that cunt that hit him just dipping the fuck out of there. This kid... he couldn't have been older than 25... could have fucking died and the other dude just fucking left.

A woman in blue scrubs, couldn't tell if she was a nurse, doctor, or tech, and an EMT with a first aid kit were nearby (it's the medical district, after all) and we all tried keeping the kid awake. The EMT asks his name, and the kid's just mumbling. I start talking to him in Spanish. Blue Scrubs is telling him to stay awake, and we check his his torso. He's got a fractured clavicle... a nasty bruise on it.

The ambulance and firetruck arrive, horns blaring. Although only a few minutes passed, that shit felt like an hour. I'm proud of Madi (the female passenger who called 9-11). She gave perfect directions. I'm holding the kid's hand just trying to let him know... we're all letting him know that he's okay. He's finally conscious and speaks english. He's local. And he just starts crying.

"You're gonna be alright, dude. They're here to help you. You're okay." His grip's weak.

Then he says it. "I can't feel anything. I can't feel anything. My back."

That shit sinks me. I look at his legs, and he's moving them. "You're okay, man. You're moving your legs. It's the shock. You're moving them." And I'm telling him this because I'm a selfish, scared piece of shit and I don't wanna take the blame for possibly making him a paraplegic. But he WAS moving his legs. He was flexing his feet. I want him to know that he's gonna walk. He can still walk.

I'm pissed at myself almost as much as I'm pissed at that abysmal coward who couldn't face the destruction he caused and lambed. The paramedics get the stretcher and I gotta let go of the kid's hand. I tell him he's gonna be alright, but I just don't know.

The adrenaline is dying down. I probably stink like a goddamn dumpster. And I'm alone with my thoughts. I couldn't stand it, so I wrote this, because I want you to know that if this kid's a paraplegic, it's my fault.  


TL;DR: A kid in a really bad collision was knocked out. Power lines were dangerously close to snapping. His truck is leaking gasoline and there's a potential for fire as well as electrocution. I made the decision to pull him out because I couldn't bear the thought of him burning to death or being electrocuted. But even after the ambulance had picked him up and taken him, no fire started and no power lines snapped, and I may have simply made his spine worse.


Pics of the aftermath [https://imgur.com/a/eaACTkR](https://imgur.com/a/eaACTkR)

Edit: Y’all are absolutely awesome. Your kind words… The love from everyone is really something. Thanks. 

I’ve been on this really strict diet and I’ve been working out hard every day for a week and a half, but today I followed some of y’all‘s advice and said “fuck it”, popped a Clonazepam, went to one of my favorite Mexican restaurants with my wife, and had two margaritas, a bowl of guac, and a big fried cheese quesadilla. 

Going to sleep now. Have a great AND SAFE night ✌️

Edit 2: Something else that had been going through my head when someone mentioned the gas. https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/8rg847/tifu_by_possibly_making_a_kid_a_paraplegic/e0rwffs/

Edit 3: Added to the imgur gallery [this image](https://i.imgur.com/EjzwreY.png) to illustrate how hard the impact of kid's truck's spin had to be to crack and drag the post from its original position. Also, someone was able to identify to me the name of the company that truck belongs to, and I'm gonna try to find out which hospital he's at and will let you know of anything I find out. I don't wanna involve myself in his life-- just want to know how he's doing. /nIt's 11:15 and about time I took my morning break.  I went to the gym we have in the office to ride on the bike for a bit.  There's a rule about the office gym, which is to leave it as you found it.  The lights were off and I didn't see anyone in there.  So, I left the lights off and got on the bike.  Once the workout was set up, I put on my music.  I hit 'Shuffle Play' on Spotify, and "Rape Me" by Nirvana came on.  
As I was getting into my workout, I started singing.  It got intense.  Rape me...  Rape me...  RAPE ME.

Turns out I wasn't the only one in the gym.  Also turns out that I have a date with HR tomorrow morning./nSo as the title says this wasn’t today, it all started on Christmas Eve. I’ll set the scene, it’s Christmas Eve at my family home with my parents, brother, sister, my gf and my brothers gf. All of us are in our early 20s, besides my parents who are mid 50s. They have never had a problem with us smoking weed and would do it with us on occasion. A few months before, me and my gf had made a batch of edibles and got pretty high off them but nothing too crazy. So on Christmas Eve I thought it would be a great idea to make a new batch of similar strength and get the whole family high as we are rarely all together as all us kids are at different universities. 

So I start making the edibles but I can’t remember exactly how much weed I used in the first batch. I had 6 grams on me and used it all as there was 7 of us so nothing too crazy, or so I thought. Now when we made the first batch me and my gf cut the brownies into 12 pieces and only ever had 1 at a time. However my mum has a fancy brownie maker which cuts them for you into 9 pieces. So straight away I knew these would be a bit stronger than before but still I didn’t think they would be that strong, boy was I wrong. So I finish baking the brownies at around 2pm on Christmas Eve and the family descends on them like a plague of locusts. 

Half an hour goes by and no one is feeling anything. Mum is just about to serve up dinner, we had it early as we knew no one would be able to make it later. We sit down to start eating and then one by one we start to feel it. My dad, who has a history of passing out after smoking weed, finished his dinner in a matter of seconds and crawls off to the sofa as he “can’t stand up” and needs to “lie down”. So off he goes and about 15 minutes later we finish our dinner and go to see where he has got too. We walk into our lounge to discover him already asleep on the sofa. So about 20 more minutes go by and we are all feeling pretty high at this point. My mum starts freaking out and saying she “doesn’t like this at all” and needs some way to stop the high. I tell her that there is no way to stop it and to just ride it out. 

After about another 30 minutes my dad suddenly gets up from the sofa like he’s the Undertaker and dashed off to the kitchen as he “needs more food”. He then proceeds to make about 15 slices of toast for everyone to eat as well as about 5 for himself. At this point we realise that no one has wrapped any presents yet and my 85 year old grandmother is coming round for Christmas tomorrow. So we hastily try to wrap some presents but no one really gets anything done as by this point no one can even stand up anymore. 
Now me and my brother are seasoned stoners but even we can’t move more than 2 steps before falling to the floor and needing 15 minutes rest to get up again. We decide that the only thing we can do is to try and sleep it off and hopefully we feel better in the morning. So after a while of all 7 of us struggling up the stairs we finally make it into our beds and try to sleep it off. 
We all wake up on Christmas Day still whacked out of our minds and not able to function properly. We then realise that we have to go and pick up my brothers friend up who is joining us for Christmas but none of us are in any state to drive. So, after explaining to my grandmother that none of us can drive to pick up the friend as we are all too high to move, we had to call an Uber to bring the friend to us which cost a small fortune as it was Christmas as he was about 25 miles away. So we soldier on through Christmas all of us trying to just not be high anymore and we finally make it to the end of the day still high as a kite. 

We go to sleep and wake up the next stay and guess what, we’re still high as fuck. I genuinely thought it would never end but eventually later that day we all started coming back down to planet earth. So yeah, I ruined Christmas by getting my whole family too high to move.

Update: People are asking for more things that happened so I’ll share a few with you. As I replied to one comment my mum was answering the TV every time someone on the TV asked a question.

This next one needs a little context. In our kitchen we have an aga. This is basically a fancy oven that is always on as a way to heat up the house. I never use it as the temperature isn’t consistent and I always burn anything that I put in it. This is because I don’t know what temperature it is and my mum always says it’s around 200 degrees Celsius. My mum always has a go at me whenever I use the regular oven as it’s “wasteful”. With that out the way I’ll get to the funny bit. This was right before mum served up dinner. She got the Yorkshire puddings out of the aga and they were completely burnt. I ask why they are burnt if she knows the temperature and she looks me dead in the eye and says “I have no idea what the temperature of the aga is”. This was enough to send us both into fits of laughter for about 5 minutes.

Update 2: Thank you for the gold kind stranger! 

Update 3: For those saying this story isn’t true I can 100% guarantee that it is. 

Update 4: Wow my first Platinum! Thank you so much! 


TL;DR. I accidentally made my family a crazy strong batch of edibles and ruined Christmas./nBodily discharges are only for the weekends, so I'm reposting from earlier this week.

Like a lot of people, I sometimes get tonsil stones. And when I get tonsil stones, I remove them. Normally, this is a very straightforward process, but luck can only take one so far.

A few days ago, I had a particularly large and nasty tonsil stone stuck in a little tunnel in the back of my throat. Normally, they pop out without a hitch, but this time, my body had other ideas. No sooner had the stone come free, then my gag reflex went full Benedict Arnold, betraying my trust and forcing me to clamp my mouth shut in an effort to keep myself from vomiting. In my panicked attempt to continue breathing, I somehow managed to snort, bringing the tonsil stone straight up into my nasal passageways.

Under normal circumstances tonsil stones smell bad. Some would say ungodly. But this.

Some say that when Hercules cleaned out Augeas' stables, the metric fuckton of rotting filth was washed back into the river. However, I can say with confidence that all of this filth was lodged in my nasal passageways. Nothing else could possibly smell this bad. Having a tonsil stone in your nose is like going on a date with every drop of vomit that the human race has collectively Ralphed. Many tears were shed.

I blew my nose. I attempted to improvise a neti pot. I came thiiiiis close to pouring Listerine into my nostrils. I didn't think I was ever going to sleep again. Fortunately, it evacuated my sinuses one tiny, godforsaken chunk at a time over the course of about 3 hours, but the trauma had already been suffered.

TL;DR - I accidentally snorted a tonsil stone while trying to remove it, and all I could smell was the abyss of ass-rot.

Edit: Why did you spend money on this

Edit 2: How about you use that cash to pay off my student loans/nFirst off this isn’t a story from today, it really started on Christmas. I’m a big fan of pranks and annoying my brother, so my dad got me 3 little machines, each about as big as a gumball. Each machine has one button and once pressed they make noises once every 4 minutes or so, ranging from a phone’s alert sound to a doorbell. The one problem was, I never figured out how to turn them off and I just assumed they would stop after a day or so. I hid them around the house, went on vacation to Utah and had forgotten all about them, including their locations by the time I got back. These things go off infrequently enough that I can’t hear where they are and on top of it every time the doorbell sound goes off my dogs lose their shit. I found one of them and threw it away because I couldn’t figure out how to turn it off, but I still have 2 left lying around, waking me up occasionally and being annoying as hell.

TL;DR: I got three tiny things that make random annoying noises to piss off my brother, it totally backfired when I lost them with them left on and I still haven’t found 2 of them.

Edit: You can buy these at GameStop’s website for everyone asking/nTechnically yesterday lol. 

I get a message on tinder saying "hey cutieee", being an average looking dude I got pretty excited and checked her profile, it was COMPLETELY empty. Not a single picture.

Wtf is this shit I thought, so I tell her to upload a picture, a few minutes a picture of this sexy light skin middle eastern girl with blue eyes goes up. As if that wasn't enough the pic was blurry as fuck. This is complete bullshit I thought, but since "shes" hot I have to make sure.

We add each other on Snapchat, I ask her to send me a picture with two fingers up, she sends me a pic of just her face. I said "noooo, fingers up" she's gets defensive and tells me not to tell her what to do, at this point it's basically confirmed that she's a 300 pound man named Tyrone. I call him/her out and he/she unfriends me.

It turns out when someone unfriends you on Snapchat you can still see their stories. I check his. It's not Tyrone. It's her. She's on a date. A date with a dude who looks just like me. I was her type. 


TL:DR turned down a hot girl who wanted the D. Now I'm gonna fap/nLong story short, I got a mocha from Starbucks this morning. I went through the drive thru and gave the girl my international debit card. This card works on 99% of places, but depending on the machine sometimes it just does not get recognized. She said the system was not recognizing my card and I was like oh well whatever... I guess no coffee for me this morning. 5 minutes after I left I realized when I gave her my card she gave me my coffee. Now I understand why she was starring at me with big eyes when I said "oh well.... whatever then".

 I freaked out once I realized I stole the mocha. I drove back to the store to pay for my coffee with cash and explained the event to the barista. The barista laughed and said it was all good and they zeroed the amount when I left. I insisted but he kept saying it was all good. 

Now I'm sitting at my university parking lot thinking maybe the drive thru girl does not hear I came back to pay for the coffee and I get in trouble for this. Maybe I'm just anxious lol. 

TL;DR: Did not pay for my coffee and left. Realized I stole the coffee and tried to pay for it but the barista laughed at me. 

Edit 1: grammar. 

Edit 2: lots of people saying I am stupid for coming back and actually caring about the situation :(. I didn't realize it's rare to be sort of a decent person. I'm glad I went back because the barista does not deserve to deal with a customer that just takes the coffee and says "oh well" before driving off. /nGood fucking day to you all.

A few days back we decided to change the fucking rules and generate a more "wholesome" fucking community by making our bitch-ass posts "cleaner" by disallowing vulgar slang. We even went as far as to change the fucking title to "Today I Fudged Up" As you could probably fucking tell by now, it was an April Fool's joke. Haha, we totally fucking got you motherfuckers.

&nbsp;

Happy fucking April fools.

~David
***
**TL;DR Y'all can fucking cuss again, bitch.**/nObligatory this happened yesterday not today.

&#x200B;

Added the NSFW Tag just to be sure...

&#x200B;

I work at a fairly small company, full of programmers. We have the policy that, if you're tired and/or you're mentally exhausted, just do something else. In my case I usually read the news, play a quick game or read some interesting articles. Now, lately I got into the whole SCP universe (for those of you that don't know what that is: Its basically a collection of fan fiction about a foundation that secures and contains objects and phenomenons that are unexplained and/or dangerous). The SCPs are ordered numerically and I'd usually just google something like 'SCP 093', go to the page, read through it and go back to programming. Now our boss doesn't strictly monitor what we do online but if we search for something offensive and illegal, he will get a notice and usually addresses is fairly quickly. Now the fuck up: yesterday I casually searched for SCP 013 and didn't type in the S, searching for 'CP 013'. The algorithm noticed that and messaged my boss. At that moment, I didn't think about it, rewrote my search, read through the article and continued programming. So later that day, my boss would come up to me and ask me to speak to me in private. I go 'sure' and wasn't sure at all what I'm in for. He starts asking me (and mind you, me and my boss have an extremely good relation) if I wanted to tell him something and if I'm aware what's legal and illegal and so on. I was so confused for like 5 minutes, feeling his worried and somewhat angry face staring at me,  until he finally asked me, why I searched for 'CP 013'. I started to laugh and explained it to him. He laughed too and we sorted it all out, but for a couple minutes I thought my heart is going to jump out of my chest. He would proceed to tell the story to everyone at my office and we all had a good laugh out of it. 

&#x200B;

TL;DR accidentally searched for 'CP 013' and had to explain to my boss what I actually was searching for./nI have posted this elsewhere, but I feel like you guys deserve to hear it.  It just happened a few weeks ago. 

Backstory; my bf and I have been experimenting with new sex toys lately. We bought some Tenga eggs b/c he has an issue with sensation. Some kind of mental block due to past traumas. I thought maybe they would help by increasing sensation and distracting his wandering mind.


We had tried the egg a few different ways, and I had looked up some porn vids to get ideas of different things. I saw one particular video showing a couple having PIV with the Tenga egg on the penis. I thought it might be a bit difficult to get it due to my small size (As a petite woman, I am petite everywhere) but figured we'd give it a go. 

After a bit of fumbling and slipping, with tons of lube, we finally get it in. It's staying at the base and doing just fine. He says it's a bit too tight, but we keep going in hopes that my muscles will let up a bit as they usually do.

He's getting a good rythym going and we hear a kind of popping/slurp sound. I think "oh great, we just ripped it". So we stop to inspect it. I looked at his dick and it wasn't there. I started feeling around in the sheets to see where this thing slipped to. Can't find it.

Suddenly we both looked at each other. The same thought crossed both of our minds. "Is it...? Oh god." 

I stick a finger inside myself to see if I can feel it, nothing. It must be way up there. I get up onto my knees, he's intently staring at me at this point, freaking out. I'm totally calm because, as a woman (who has used menstrual cups), I know anything that goes in can come out with enough effort. I start to bear down, and feel some pressure. 

Yep, it's definitely in there. I stick my finger in again and bear down. I feel the smooth side, but can't locate the hole. It had flipped onto it's side. I continue to bear down and attempt to turn it. I finally caught my finger on the rim and slowly pulled it out. When it came out it made a loud sluuuurp sound and flopped onto the bed. 

All while he was looking on in horror. I immediately started laughing my ass off. It took us about 10 minutes to collect ourselves. I tossed the egg into the sink so that we could wash it later. We then finished off where we started, sans Tenga egg.

Later when we were getting into the shower, he grabbed the egg and handed it to me. He said "don't leave your child unattended"

We now refer to it as our child.

TLDR; Fucked up by getting a Tenga egg stuck in my vagina. Had to birth it out, but it went *okay*

Edit: thanks for the gold/silver!/nThis didn’t happen today. It was actually a couple of years ago.

I used to work as an attractions attendant at Universal in Orlando. I can’t tell you how many douchey guys would make stupid remarks and fake hit on me while I worked there, but it was enough to make me think that every guy that hit on me was just joking and being stupid.

Anyway, I was checking seatbelts and harnesses when I get to this one guys’ row. As I was checking his seat he says “Hey, I was looking at you from behind the gates over there and you’re my type, can I get your phone number?” And I just laughed in his face because I thought he was joking. I mean, I threw my head back and laughed and then I just gave him a sarcastic “no, sorry” and continued checking seats.

Well as I was checking the row behind him and his friends, I hear him say in a really sad voice “guys she said no” and I have never felt so bad in my entire life. 

This poor guy actually wanted my phone number and I laughed in his face, which makes me look like the biggest bitch on the planet. If I had known he was being serious, I would have politely declined and told him that I have a boyfriend.

If you are the guy I laughed at, I’M SO SORRY

TL;DR: laughed in a guy’s face after he asked for my phone number because I thought he was joking. He was not joking./nThis TIFU is a lifetime in the making, but I realized the depth of my stupidity today. 

When I was a young kid (under 10) I watched some sort of health program where other kids were explaining how different body systems worked, what you could do to be healthy, how bad injuries heal, etc. During this program, there was one kid talking about your digestive tract. He had a clear tube a couple inches in diameter full of food stuff. He explained that when you ate food with fiber, it helped move your food through your system, demonstrated by pushing a pipe cleaner through the tube and the food flying out. I thought, oh cool fiber pushed food through your system. 

Fast-forward to adulthood. I develop a myriad of gastrointestinal issues, eventually diagnosed as IBS. I get wicked poops. Like, pure liquid running out of my butt. Picture lava flowing down a volcano. It's gross. 

I start to see doctors. Lots of doctors. Before the IBS diagnosis, all of the life threatening things are ruled out with lots of very invasive procedures (hello colonoscopy before 21!). The first doctor tells me to eat fiber to help with the diarrhea, I nod politely and ignore him. So does the second, third, fourth...all of them. These quacks want me to introduce a pipe cleaner to this situation?! I have no problems getting food out! Why in the world would I do that?

I proceed to suffer through over a decade of IBS, alternating between medicine to stop it and medicine to make me shit. 

Today, after a stint that cost me yet another pair of underpants, it occurs to me that fiber isn't a pipe cleaner. 

Fiber is what bulks up your poops so you can have normal poop. Fiber IS what I need. 

I've paid for thousands of dollars of doctors and ignored their advice based SOLELY on a fucking tube and a pipe cleaner. 

I've sharted countless times and ruined so many underwear. I've spent fifteen years in misery because of something I learned at 9. 

Because I am an idiot who doesn't listen to doctors. 

I fucked up. 

I will be buying fiber supplements in the morning. 

TL:DR: fiber bulks your poops up, doesn't push them out like a pipe cleaner. Take your fiber, kids. /nSo this isn't really today, but rather a summary of my last couple of lobster filled days and how I made a 150 mile journey to put a lobster in the sea.

So I'm a student and since coming to university I eat a lot of fish. Like 5/6 times a week. The only way to afford this is to prepare my food from scratch - including preparing my own fish  (£15 salmon can feed a man for two weeks) so I'm not squeamish - It also means I have a healthy working relationship with my local fishmonger. Every single trip, he will have some wild caught, exotic, fancy, or otherwise intriguing catch. There will be a little barter, I'll probably buy it.

**Wednesday**

This day is no different, I walk in looking for some coley (great alternative to cod, please try it, sustainable), when the fishmonger is like "ah my friend! Only the best for you? I have the special stock out back" 

Of course I want the special stock.

So he goes out back, and brings back this little fella, beautifully blue, with just one antenna, he puts it on the table. It wiggles that little antenna at me... And in that moment, I decided that the lobster in front of me was special. I say that I'll decide if I want it tomorrow. 

I go home... distressed? I don't know why - but in those small moments I emotionally connected with a fucking lobster. I go on a panicked 2 hour frenzy (this is the middle of exam season, I should be revising) looking for tanks, looking up lobster information, trying to work out how I will hide a lobster in my room. Eventually I realise that there is no way of keeping this lobster. I try to find friends and family with tanks that have no fish, or someone that want's a pet lobster - nothing. I decide to purchase it, and try to find it a home, and if not, quickly put it down with a knife (instead of boiling, which I am confident, having read the scientific literature, causes a lobster distress and pain).

**Thursday**

*I feel at this point I should inform you that my confused girlfriend now knows I am getting a pet lobster*


Now before I go to the fishmongers, I head to the supermarket. I need supplies to transport the lobster; and if I have to put it down, it will have a nice meal before it dies.
I purchase the following

1) Sea salt

2) Ice

3) Salmon, Cod, Prawns, Broccoli, Carrots (stuff that the internet said lobsters like)

4) Tea towels

5) Apple juice (to help me with the emotional stress I'm currently in)

I go to pick it up, the fishmonger (ex-chef) asks if I want it boiled, I say no, and that I will cook it myself. He gives me seaweed to keep him comfy and hydrated in. I take it home. Turns out the lobster is male. I name him Qui-Gon because there's always a bigger lobster. I take apart my plastic drawers, and pop him in one of them. Along with the sea weed and food. I play some underwater sounds I downloaded on my phone. I take pictures and post pictures of him on pet sites on facebook looking for a home and/or a tank - my third plan, was now to house him at my parent's home. 

*At this point my family knows I own a pet lobster*

Oh, I have a 24 hour bug and feel very very sick? Fantastic.

Wait? It's Thursday - I'm meant to be making the two hour journey back home today - I have to be back to go to Comic Con on Friday morning.

But this little guy needs a home. Being in a tank isn't good. He needs the ocean.

Anyways, me and Qui-Gon have a nice day. I work out a plan to get him to the sea. I'm too ill to make the 6 hour journey to Skegness. However, I can make an hour and a half journey to my hometown, and my friend has offered to drive me the other hour and a half to Southend the following evening.

I put him on the side, fill the box with ice, place the first teatowel over the ice, then put him back in the box with some food, then food and seaweed. Finally i put the second teatowel over the box to protect him from the sun. I've made up artificial saltwater to the correct concentrations to splash him with (not great, but should keep him hydrated).

Lots of train delays, tram delays, bus delays. Should be home at 8, I get back at 10.30. Me and Qui-Gon made a lot of friends - apparently you get attention when carrying a lobster on a 110 mile train journey. He's eaten some fish, seems happy. No signs of stress such as tail thrashing. 

I get him home and put the box back in the fridge. He seems a happy lobster. I check on him before bed. Happy lobster.

**Friday** 

I wake up at like 7. I check on Qui-Gon. He is responsive and seems okay, I splash him a little more. I head to London

Comic Con stuff - whilst filled with anxiety over his wellbeing.

I get back, my friend informs me that there is a fish center that can take him, about 30 miles away - and keep him in suitable conditions. I agree on the condition that he will be released in Cornwall (where he first came from).

Sadly, when I got home, he was unresponsive - after trying to get him to do stuff, gently brushing his eyes, unclipping his claws, etc. It's clear he is dead. I'm legitimately upset. A fully grown, 6ft, bearded man, may have cried over a lobster.

However, he did eat the salmon and cod, and displayed no signs that he had thrashed or tried to escape, or was other wise stressed. It seems that he died whilst numbed from the cold of the fridge, hopefully asleep.

I wrapped him in the seaweed so it would be like home, and went to the nearest lake, and eased him into the water. He didn't last long enough to get him proper help.

I literally spent Wednesday-Saturday with my life revolving around looking up information, caring for, seeking help for, and transporting, a lobster. I do not like animals, I do not want pets.

Qui-Gon was a special fella.

TLDR: Avid meat/fish eater. Emotionally bonded with a lobster in a fishmongers. Went on 120 mile (193km) journey in an attempt to return him to the sea. He died, now I am sad. However he had a nice couple of days eating fish and making friends.



**For those who asked** here are some pics https://imgur.com/gallery/10ur6/nThis happened literally 20 minutes ago. I'm staying at my older brother's place for the week and we decided to go for a run around his neighborhood. Given the Florida humidity we were both sweating like pigs when we got back to his apartment. He needed to shower first since he had work, so I searched for a towel to wipe my face with in the meantime. I looked in his bedroom and saw a towel under the bed. This should have told me it was dirty but given how sweaty I was I didn't think twice and just wiped it all over my face. When he was done with his shower, he came in and saw the towel sitting on the dresser, and asked me if I had just used it.

"Yeah I wiped my face with it, why?"

The look on his face when he told me I just wiped my face with his cum rag is something I'll never forget. He's still hysterically laughing about it...I'm looking forward to the day where I can too.

TL;DR I used my brother's jizz rag to wipe my sweaty face./nThis happened about four years ago when I was 16, just after getting my first gf. Thought I knew everything there was about sex and sexuality after all the hours I spent researching in preparation for what I thought was coming to me. I was very, very wrong.

&#x200B;

She came over one day after school while my mom was gone and we dry humped liked clothed bunnies for about an hour or so. She had work so she left shortly after and then I hopped on xbox ready to brag to my friends about all the ass I just grabbed. About 30 minutes later, my balls started to hurt. Excruciatingly so. I assumed it was just from getting my balls smooshed for so long and that it would pass quickly. It didn't. By the time my mom came home, it had gotten intolerable. I laid on the floor of my room with baggy boxers and my legs wide open. Any movement or touch was awful.

&#x200B;

Thing is, I had heard of blue balls but I always thought it was just a metaphorical thing to describe when you thought you were gonna get lucky, but didn't. When I looked up "incredible pain in my balls", all that came up was stuff about infections and circulation being cut off. Scary stuff. I guess no medical diagnosis for whatever blue balls is comes up when you look that up because its just assumed that you know you have blue balls, if you have blue balls.

&#x200B;

I had been scared enough by the search results to justify going through the embarrassment of telling my mom my balls were in pain and I needed to see a doctor. I've always been a known mild masochist to my family in how much I love boxing, so when she asked how bad it was on a scale of 1-10, and I said 9, she took it seriously. We rushed over to the hospital and got me checked in asap. I asked my mom if she could stay in the waiting room and she was cool with it. After being led into a room by the nurse, the doctor examined my testes and began asking me all sorts of questions about my pain and symptoms. When he asked if I had had any sexual activity recently, I reluctantly admitted I was dry humping with my gf earlier that day.

He paused, and asked if I ever ejaculated at any point.

I said no.

At least sixty years old with a completely white comb over and huge glasses, my doctor gets stoic and asks, "Well son, do you think it's possible that you just have blue balls?"

I froze.

"what."

He raised an eyebrow, smirked a little and said "If you don't ejaculate after sexual activity, it's possible to get what is commonly known as blue balls, where the testicles are inflamed after all the blood that's gone to them without ever releasing." Or something like that.

Maybe I would have started to laugh if my balls didn't hurt so damn much. Instead I responded, "that's a thing!?"

He laughed a little and said yes, he's afraid it is.

I asked what I could do.

He said take an ibuprofen or masturbate.

So I did both.

A pee after 10 hours of driving has nothing on the relief I felt then.

I tried lying to my mom and said it was just an inflammation from laying on them wrong, but she saw through it and said that if she was paying the co-pay for the appointment she wanted the truth. So, I told her how I got something called blue balls from messing around with gf while she was gone. She laughed that I didn't know what blue balls were, and wasn't aware I was sexually active yet.

On the drive home, she asked if I needed any condoms.

Cringing, I bitterly said no thank you.

She told me that if I'm going to be sexually active then I need to be safe.

I muttered that we weren't having actual sex.

"Well then how did this happen?"

"God can you please just leave it we were just grinding and stuff that's how"

Short pause

"Well then make sure you masturbate or something after sweety so that this doesn't happen again."

My mom has always had little inhibition censoring stuff with me, but that has forever taken the cake. My fault for being a dumbass though I guess.

&#x200B;

TL;DR

Teenage me messed around with girl for first time. Didn't know blue balls actually hurt. Had my mom drive me to the ER. Had to tell her I had been messing with gf and didn't know what blue balls were. My mom recommended I masturbate.

&#x200B;

Edits: extra I and first :p

Edits 2: meant masochist, not sadist

Edits 3: Thanks for all the love :) sorry to all the other guys who know the pain :( for everyone who has commented doubt on the existence of blue balls, you are a wretched soggy piece of cauliflower. That is an insult to all men (and apparently in a different form, women?) who have experienced this.

couple pieces of clarification; I was given an ultrasound and a pee test and I think even a blood test for some reason during my examination, both during and before the doc started asking me all the questions. I had to wait for them to confirm that I was fine before I could leave, which sucked because I was embarrassed as shit and just wanted to go home. The doctor didn't just bank on the fact that I was dry humping and didn't finish earlier./nSo I was on a cross country flight the other day and am sitting next to a girl my same age. We start talking and she is awesome, great looking, in med school, we have having a great time and it turns out we like all of the same things, same tv shows, video games, same sort of drinks, everything you could think of. We talk for the entire 6 hour flight. She was going out to see her friends for a week long vacation and would be in the same city as me for the next 4 days. This seems awesome, make plans to get some drinks everything is going great. She was even texting her friend about me and feeling my arms to tell her about them. It all seems flirty and she seems into  me. We order drinks and are still talking about life, league of legends, and a million other things. Well at one point I think she is leaning in so I start to as well. She wasn't, I'm an idiot and now am hoping I disappear into my seat. She brushes it off and continues to be great company. Says she would give me her number, takes my phone and tells me to find it later. We get off the plane I'm aware that I made this weird feel like shit and quickly leave. I look at the contact later, there was a name no number. That's completely fair since I was a creep. I'm usually pretty good with girls and had never misread something so badly. Posted this here because I wanted to get it off my chest but obviously don't want my friends to know about it. 


****I suppose there's a chance she sees this since she is a redditor, if you do, I'm really sorry I was weird. You were awesome and I was a bit too drunk. 

**TLDR**
Had an amazing time with a girl on a plane misread a sign and tried to go for a kiss. Now I assume I'm some #metoo story and am fully aware that that is deserved, and now feel like shit.

**edit** As this got way bigger than I ever thought, the metoo thing was kind of a joke. I mostly just meant I'm now a story she will laugh about with her friends of some weird guy who over reached. I get the comments saying I was desperate as it does read that way but honestly I'm not, just a bit over confident in the moment I guess (thanks gin). Just trying to vent a bit about being dumb./nSo a little backstory I have a black Buick and the window doesnt go down becauase I was fixing the lock on the door and messed up the window. so last night I was going to walmart getting groceries and cat food. When I left and was driving I was speeding a bit without realizing it and hear a siren go off. This is where I fucked up... so I pull over and remember my window doesnt open so I opened my door as he was walking up and he yells while getting his gun out "DONT YOU FUCKING MOVE STAY IN YOUR CAR OR I WILL FIRE" I freaked he pulled me out of the car and searched it for weapons... he asked me why I opened the door I explained my window doesnt go down, he was actually pretty nice about but I did get a speeding ticket.

TL;DR Opened door when I got pulled over and nearly got shot.

Edit: I didnt open the door to get out

Edit2: windows fixed/nOur office is set up really strange and to get to the women's restroom you have to walk through a large dimly lit storage area and pass through a couple of doors. I had just finished washing my hands and turned to reach for the door to leave. Suddenly the door was flung open and scared the ever loving shit out of me. I guess my fight or flight chose fight because the next thing I know I'm wildly swinging a right hook. I punched my boss, who was dressed as a witch for Halloween, in the jaw/neck as we screamed at each other.

We've now had two "safety meetings" about preventing future incidents, they've made laminated signs and taped them to the bathroom door that say "Please open SLOWLY" and every woman in the office now announces themselves every time they come in or out of the office. I got a verbal warning from HR and I'm now too afraid to use the office restroom because I don't know if I can be trusted when startled. I sat through a meeting about it dressed as a bumble bee and trying to not laugh and cry at the same time.

Edit: I'm a female. Boss is female.

Edit Edit: Boss was also dressed like a witch for Halloween./nThis didn’t happen today but about 3 weeks ago, but the fuck up is just now starting to show itself. The original idea was to brand myself with an arrow, because why not, it’d be badass. So everything is bought; the branding iron, cleaning supplies, and alcohol. I’m obviously not going to stick a hot piece of metal to my arm sober, so I proceed to get shit faced. So after heating it up in the fire and actually going through with it. Everything’s fine, it looks like and arrow and besides being slightly off center of the lines we drew out it’s looking pretty good. We clean it, wrap it up, and head inside to call it a night. Now here we are, about 3 weeks later and you can’t even see an arrow from the place we stuck the actual brand, but a dick shaped burn all around where it’s supposed to be. I’m not sure if the arrow is going to reappear once it starts healing some more, but I really doubt it and I’ll probably be stuck with a dick shaped brand on my arm for the rest of my life. 

TL;DR 
Tried branding the shape of an arrow onto my arm, now it looks like a penis 

[video of me actually getting branded ](https://youtu.be/0HqtgGcsT18)

[picture of brand right after the fact ](https://imgur.com/VHGRqLe)

[picture of brand shaped like penis ](https://imgur.com/gallery/P4zRC)

Edit: I plan on getting it checked out, hopefully tomorrow guys. Thanks for all the advice to go the the doctors so I don’t lose my arm, even if it’s been a little aggressive lol

Edit 2: I got it checked out at the ER guys, no infection luckily. Just gotta take some antibiotics and keep some cream on it :)

Edit 3: Here’s the update thread, shoulda linked it quite a bit ago [update ](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7yzy6b/tifu_update_by_accidentally_branding_the_shape_of/?st=JED0XAXM&sh=255171e8) 

Edit 4: [newest update after it’s mostly scarred over ](https://imgur.com/gallery/xQVxZ) /n**EDIT: I know I should be more aware of the news and general knowledge surrounding big cities. I'll start being more smart about things like that, thank you for everyone being so nice and I understand the frustration from people disappointed in my touristy behavior**

**EDIT: I'm not born or raised in Belgium, I moved here about 2 years ago and still learning much about the place.**

&#x200B;

***Thanks for the silver on the post! much appreciated.***

&#x200B;

Never will I ever be this spontaneous again. It's weekend and we wanted to spend time together. For some reason we really felt spontaneous this particular day and decided to go to Paris just to see the Eiffel tower. We live in Belgium and it was a 4 hour trip, but we were really determined.

We even feel like the cool, spontaneous couple at this point and the trip there was good, I even mentioned that it's the journey that matter to me and the fact we did go through with it. I was seeing it as a weekend road-trip and everything was going good, but keep im mind I did not google or do any looking up as we didn't really use our phones much this weekend.

Once we got into France the landscape was beautiful and full of nature and long fields like u see on the windows default background, but ten times more amazing.

HOWEVER

Once we actually started heading into Paris things started to become more city-like and not the good kind. The roads were bad and the traffic started becoming quite aggressive. I just thought it was probably because of the weekend, but the deeper into Paris we went the worse it got.

Then IT happened. We had arrived at what I now know is the "Arc de Triomphe".

This was no longer traffic, but a free for all; the likes of which I had never seen before. I was dazed, confused and scared. Drivers all over were just going like a beehive. Pushing in quite aggressively and just taking charger not giving a crap wether they were going to get hit or not. I was driving a rental, so I was worried I would get hit.

Just to paint you a clear picture, Imagine a HUGE field; maybe the size of a small football field. Now imagine no road-signs, no traffic lights, no ground-indicators or even lanes. It's an 8 lane round-about with no lanes...

The worse thing is the entirety of Paris seems to be in this state, the chaos and aggressive driving. I started noticing one in every four car had a huge dent. I had legit never ever seen something this terrifying before. The only way to describe traffic in Paris is a free for all, first come first served and taking a lot of risk and chances.

When I finally had cleared this monstrosity I was so relieved, but then my second TIFU happened right after. As I pulled out of the Arc, I noticed bricks everywhere; about 10 cop riot cars and protesters everywhere. The street legit looked like there had been a huge explosion, tear gas on the streets and everything was broken. My partner and I were both in awe. We didn't know what we were looking at.

Apparently there was a huge riot going on and according to the french the most aggressive riot ever. They are calling it the yellow jacket riots and we were not suppose to even be there. The french president is holding everyone there responsible for the damages. At that point we simply were too scared to even stay there anymore, we turned the car around and I was desperately looking for any other way out of there besides the Arc, but to my shock I was forced to drive back on the Arc.

Good news, I made it; no damage to the car or ourselves; but we did decide to look into cities we want to visit before going next time.

TL;DR Drove a 4 hour trip to Paris in a spontaneous moment and ended up being shocked by it's chaotic traffic and also ended up in the middle of a huge riot.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nSo I was in the shower shaving my legs. I was going quickly and carelessly, when I felt a sharp pain in my foot and noticed I had cut myself. Thinking it was nothing, I shouted for my sister to get a band-aid.

I WAS WRONG. SO, SO WRONG. The blood started gushing by the bucketload, and it wouldn't stop. The shower looked like a crime scene. My sister came in with the band-aid, took one look and rushed to get a medical kit.

Luckily, she has first-aid training and knew what to do. But there was so much blood. It spilled onto the floor when she asked me to come out and sit on the toilet lid so she could treat it, and I was naked too. Even though we're both girls, I still felt a bit uncomfortable.

She ended up spending half an hour just getting the blood to stop. The whole time I was trying not to panic. I'm prone to panic attacks, and this was freaking my the fuck out. Especially since the room now looked like someone had been murdered.

Eventually, the blood did stop, so she bandaged up my foot and we started to clean up the room. But of COURSE that's when my dad wanted HIS shower. We told him not to go in because blood, but he insisted he could clean up during his shower.

He must have underestimated the sheer volume of blood though, because he had a mini heart attack when he saw that room. He did keep his word and cleaned up, but he was stunned.

I later cleaned my razor and found a MASSIVE chunk of skin lodged in there. No wonder there was so much blood!

To add insult to injury, I hadn't shaved my other leg yet.

TL;DR I shaved my legs and cut myself. Needed half an hour to get the bleeding to stop. Dad wanted a shower before we could clean up./nSo if you can't tell from my username, I am a huge fan of the booty. Specifically, I am a fan of the male buttocks. Always have been. Always will be. And it just so happens my bf has a rocking badonkadonk.

Any we're cuddling on Saturday morning like couples do, and I get around to groping his butt. Poking, squeezing, light slapping, you get the picture. Anyway eventually I get the bright idea to faceplant into his left butt cheek.

Unfortunately in my ass molestation induced horniness, I miscalculated his cushion for the pushin relative to my velocity.

I smacked nose first into his butt so hard I went straight through to his hip bone. Cue me running to the bathroom with an epic ass induced nosebleed. My boyfriend at this point, sighing at my perpetual clumsiness, decided to call it a morning to get tea. Thus ended our cuddle session for the day.

Edit: Buttocks not buttOX. There is not a draft animal living in his pants.

TLDR: Gave myself a nosebleed by faceplanting into my boyfriend's butt./nThis actually happened in 2015. It was summer and my best friend was in town, which meant lounging in the pool the entire day and drinking. We got really drunk and decided on playing a game called "tapão" (in english it means something like "big slap"). The game basically consists in drawing a bunch of cards while counting 1, 2, 3 etc. until the card matches the number - that's when you slap the cards as fast and strong as you can so you won't be the last one.

So. I have a big butt. And my friends love endorsing that fact. My best friend, then, had an amazing idea: play the game on my butt.

I'm super drunk, so why not? My butt is great. I lay belly down on the floor and they proceed to play it on my butt. When the slaps begin, though, I feel EXCRUCIATING pain. Nothing like a normal hit on the asscheeks. It feels like there's something raw in between them, like they're slapping over open flesh. I cry out loud every time they hit me, but don't protest against it since everyone is having fun with my suffering.
It finishes, other friend offers her butt and life goes on.

But the pain never stops. If something, it increases. The next day I can't sleep because I'm in so much pain, can't sit down, can't do anything but cry and lie on the bed. They take me to the hospital.

It's a fucking pilonidal cyst. My friends "activated" the inflammation by slapping me on the butt with the strength of an angry gorilla several times. I proceed to spend the next fifteen days waiting for the abscess to get big enough so the doctor can squeeze it out. Worst pain I've ever felt in my entire life.

TLDR; I let my friends slap my butt so we could have a good laugh, the impact caused soreness on a pilonidal cyst near my ass and I had to go through excruciating pain in order to get it out. Never. Again./nUPDATE AT THE BOTTOM. TL;DR: WE WERE ABLE TO FIND A WAY TO MAKE IT!

Literally just happened today. My mother, brother, sister and I were all planning to go to Kenya for a giant vacation. It was the death anniversary of my grandma, and since my mom had not been there in 20 years, she decided that she wanted to go and show us where she was raised. 

We are a pretty low income family due to my mom having a brain tumour a few years ago that still exhibits problems for her and all 3 of us kids going to school, so only work is part time for myself and my brother (sister was too young). Due to this, we saved up as much as we could, and even though it hurt us a lot financially, we bought the tickets 6 months ago using a travel agent for a total cost of $6000. 

Since it was with a travel agent, we thought it was a done deal. He sent us the ticket and travel itinerary, and said everything was good to go. We soon learned however, that this was wrong. But that's to come later on.

Anyway, due to us thinking that it was a done deal. We called up our family in Kenya and told them that we would finally be coming to visit them. This had them excited, especially my uncle, who is fairly wealthy, and decided that he wanted to make this trip worthwhile. Knowing that we couldn't afford anything special, he decided to pitch in to make our trip something we would never forget. A $20,000 dollar event itinerary filled with a personal driver, 4 days at a safari, 5 star hotels, scuba-diving, and more. It was one if those dream vacations that you could not wait for. It WOULD have been great.

Fast forward to today. Where we had finished buying luggages and packing them, had arranged accommodation for our dog, and had put valuables in secure areas. It was a 3 week trip that was supposed to end on January 6, 2018. Remember this date folks.

We take an hour ride through traffic, and finally arrive at the airport at 3:30, with the flight leaving around 6. We have everything ready and with us, and we were feeling really good. We go up to the Lufthansa baggage check in and wait. Around 4, it's finally our turn. We go with the right amount of suitcases, show them our ticket, and then finally give in our passports to be scanned. Everything looks good... And then here's where it started to crumble.

Remember how I said that the return date was January 6th. Well Lufthansa just then tells us that they can't let us on the trip because to go to Kenya our passport should be valid for 6 months after the end of the trip. Our passports however, expired on the 4th of June. 2 FUCKING DAYS DIFFERENCE. This comes as a blow to my mom, and after going through confusion, she starts going through panic. She asks them what we can do. And they say that there's an emergency passport place that can do it in an hour.... But they close at 4:30 and it was already around 4:15 by then and it was half an hour drive. Not possible.

My mom goes back to the Lufthansa desk and asks them if there is anything else they can please do to help, is there a way to reschedule from the desk so we can go in within the next 2 days to try and get the renewed passport. They say they can't do anything. She asks for what to do with the travel agent, they say that she better leave or else they will call the police on her.

We leave the desk and we go to sit down and call the agent. we ask him to call the head of service and to try and change the flight date, they tell him that the only thing we can do is to cancel the flight and rebook.... And of course, they'll still keep about $2000 from the $6000. We try to get him to see if they can exchange (because we knew the price for a new one would be unaffordable), but he didn't do shit and just did the cancellation. Never going to hire him again EVER.

My mom starts to break down. But I try my best to make her feel a better. "How could I be so stupid, why didn't I do it" and "why didn't he warn us. I shouldn't have ever picked him to book our flight" really started to break my heart. But I told her to keep her head strong, we will get through it. We immediately get home and go to get passport photos done, grab renewal forms, and get referrals and what not and have the paperwork ready to go early morning tomorrow (technically today at the time of typing) at 8 am to hopefully be ready the end of tomorrow with the urgent renewal running about $1000 in total. If the ticket is affordable enough now, we would be able to do it, it would just mean that we would have to be living pretty broke for the next few months.

 All we need now, is to see the ticket prices. We go online and my mom starts to cry. We check all the websites, the lowest price is $12,000. Double that of what we paid. And way out of our price range due to all the things we had paid for before hand (even worse, the "refund" from Lufthansa would take approximately 4 weeks to arrive. We won't be able to afford it, unless we go afterwards. But doing that would mean that the amazing event that my uncle set up would go down the drain. We had to go to our last resort. 

My mom had to call my uncle, and ask for help. We tell him that they wouldn't let us on the flight... And he starts fucking raging. He is so pissed and it's understandable. He would lose his $20,000 that he spent  just for us since it was all booked and paid for already. After though, my mom starts to pretty much beg him to help us find a flight, but he says that he can't spend over $12,000 more for us, especially with that $12,000 being on the line with us actually getting a renewed passport tomorrow. We beg him to please do it, and he angrily says he will see and will call by 1 if he has a flight (we need a travel itinerary to show the passport office in order for them to renew it in 1 day).

It's almost 2 now, and there's no call. I'm sitting in bed here depressed while typing this (which is probably why there where mistakes in the text. I'm to sad to think properly). Meanwhile my mom is crying while trying to fall asleep. My mom's biggest dream in years and about $30,000 all pretty much down the drain. And only because our passport was expiring in June 4, 2018 instead of June 6, 2018 on a trip that was ending on January 6, 2018.

Tl;dr: we had a giant trip planned to have my mom finally go back home to Kenya, had a shitty travel agent who didn't  tell us that our passport was 2 days under the 6 months validity after the trip, and now my mom is crying and our uncle who payed the $20,000 event itinerary hates us.

*Edit: holy shit. I didn't expect the post to get this much attention. Anyway, I realized that there where some errors so I'm here to fix them. For the discussion about whether it was start or end trip, I honestly can tell you I had no clue. All I do know is that they said two days off and 6 months. So I interpreted it as in they we're counting January in the 6 months since that would make the most sense then. Im sorry  if I caused any confusion

Also, for those saying that the 6 month thing is everywhere, it is not. They even told us at the gate that if we were only going to Frankfurt (the stop over location), it would be 3 months and we would be fine. The 6 months was a thing set by the Kenyan government.

I'm going to be looking into the comments a bit more to answer more questions in future edits, while also trying to decide what stuff to do in order to try and see if this trip is still salvageable for my mother.

Edit #2: I see a lot of people want me to post proof cause they think I'm lying. It's 4am right now, but ass soon as I get some sleep and it's around 7 I'll post the original ticket that was wasted. 

Edit #3: here is the proof as wanted
 Removed.

Edit #4: due to a large amount of people messaging me to warn me, I have decided to remove the proof since it was too risky to have up. Sorry folks

Edit #5: I've been asked multiple times for an update, and I've been so busy that I couldn't take the time to tell you until now. Anyway.... I MADE IT. THANK YOU ALL SOOO MUCH! Your invaluable advice made it very easy for me to get a set path of what to do. First off, I fought with the travel agent in order to get my money back. I used some of the advice from this subreddit and you were right, I got back the $6000. Then, I went online and found the cheapest flight I could that left in two days, having found one for $12000 (the cheapest). "Booked it" and printed  the travel itinerary and went early in the morning to get the emergency passports. We got them on the same day due to showing the itinerary (thank you Reddit) and we're ready on that front. 

That was the easy part though, for now, I needed another $6000 in order to pay for the new ticket prices. Knowing how badly my mom wanted it, i spent two days where I had to sell my dream computer, Nintendo Switch, Xbox, PS4, iPad, and pretty much everything else I had that was an "entertainment product". My mom's happiness was worth way more than the happiness I got from those items so I thought it was a valuable trade. It's now been the end of the second day (12:00 am as I write this), and the smile on my mom's face seeing as she drives through the town, meets old classmates, and so far has gone swimming in the fishes has been one I had not seen since my dad left us, so I thank every single one of you who showed your support, and also have me advice on what to do. These next 3 weeks are all because of you. 

As an added bit: For all those that offered to give donate and stuff. I thank you so much for caring about my family and our happiness and willing to give us some of your money. However, while I appreciate and will take your support, I could not take your money. I'm not that type of person to have the internet pay for my problems to be fixed. They were my problems, and I had to find a way to fix it. Still though, the fact that you cared so much really touched my heart and gave me more motivation to get the trip back on course. Thank you all.  /nThis happened a few years ago when I was 19.

I went on vacation with my family over the holidays, so we were out of town for Christmas. We were gone for ten days and I never got the chance to jerk off on the trip. We got back home late (around one in the morning) so we all just brought out stuff in and immediately went to bed. The next morning, everyone goes out to breakfast but I stayed home to sleep some more... is what I said. I actually wanted to stay home because I woke up with a massive hard on and I wanted a good amount of time to masturbate without being bothered.

So I'm about 15-20 minutes in when my Mom calls me. I take my hand off my dick and answer the phone. I can't be touching myself while talking to her lol. She tells me that Allison (family friend, her and my mom go way back) is going to be stopping at the house to drop off some late Christmas gifts for us, so I have to answer the door/let her in, etc. I tell her all right and figure I have time to finish before I have to do this. Well I'm just about to climax when the doorbell rings. Ah shit. Guess I'll take care of this then finish myself off after.

I quickly put on a pair of sweatpants, pull the 'ol flip and tuck and put on a shirt. I answered the door and she immediately comes in and gives me a hug. Now, the shirt I was wearing was a little bit tight so it wasn't the best fit. When I reached out to hug her that pulled the shirt up a little bit, exposing the head of my erect (and very sensitive) penis.

Now, there are a couple of things that came in to play: She was wearing an extremely soft cashmere sweater. She hugged me very tightly and began to rock back and forth a little bit, as we hadn't seen each other in a very long time and she's a close family friend. So after a few seconds of this I feel my cock starting to twitch and I realized she set my virgin dick over the edge. My brain begins to cloud as the orgasm quickly builds but I'm trying to do anything to get out of this... I pulled away from the hug just as I started cumming but it was too late. Keep in mind I hadn't had came in ten days so this was a huge 'gasm.

I grunted an apology as my dick sprayed her and myself with man chowder. She was extremely taken aback but she just went to the bathroom and tried to clean it off as best she could. I apologized profusely and told her i wasn't sure what happened. She said it was fine.  The real fuck up was that a week later she called me and told me that I had to buy her a new sweater because it was a gift from her husband and she didn't want to explain what happened.  Plus, you can't get cum out of cashmere.

tl;dr Family friend hugged me while my dick was extremely sensitive and it set me over the edge. Came all over her and myself.  She made me replace her sweater which cost over $200.

EDIT:  I did not expect this story to blow up so much, wow.  Thanks, it's been hilarious reading your comments!

EDIT 2:  Thank you to the kind person who gilded my post!  My first ever Reddit gold is for cumming on my mom's friend, not sure how I feel about that...

EDIT 3:  Just to clear a few things up:

1. I did not do this intentionally, it was circumstantial.  I also didn't just stand there and empty my clip on her.  She only caught the first couple ropes and then got out of the line of fire as I was getting it back in my pants, where I finished.

2.  I didn't have time to put on boxers, and sweatpants just made more sense so my only option was to tuck. 

3.  I did not keep the original sweater.

4.  For being 50 and a friend of my mom's, she is relatively attractive./nSo I match with this cute girl from tinder. The conversation is flowing and I suggest we go out for drinks this past Friday. She agrees and we set the time and place. 

When I arrive at the bar 10 minutes early i try to see if she already arrived and I see her standing by the bar. She made eye contact with me and I greeted her. We started talking for quite sometime and I was getting weird vibes from her so I suggested we go grab something to eat. We get out and as I see her more clearly under the street light I exclaim "you don't look anything like your tinder profile pictures". That's when it hits me... This is not the girl I had a date with and just straight up hit on some random girl. I try to ask "you are not Melanie (name altered)" and she seems pissed of that I don't remember her name but I'm more confused than ever. 

I look at my phone and see 5 angry text messages and 3 missed calls. 

My new date didn't find it amusing and lost interest and my original date wants nothing to do with me. 

Spend the rest of the night eating take out pizza and watching Netflix 

TL;DR: accidentally hit on a girl in a bar that looked like my tinder date. Fucked up both dates. /nI was tidying up our back porch and noticed I hadn’t yet put anything in one of our planters. I remembered some assorted dried pepper seeds I had in the kitchen cupboard. The thing is, I couldn’t remember what pepper was what now that they were all dried up. So I grabbed a yellow one and a red one. I tore them open, planted them, and went inside: no problem. 

Now our newborn is feeding every hour, so my wife has to use a nipple shield (it’s a piece of silicone with holes in it that extends the nipple and protects the nipple from getting too raw). I heard the baby’s timely cry, so like clockwork, I grabbed the nipple shield, washed it, and placed it on my wife’s nipple for her so she could feed the baby without having to get up. I am the WORST DAD EVER: little did I know, but some of the pepper oil that got on my hands (I didn’t know dried peppers could still have oil in them) got on the nipple shield. Our baby started to WAIL and nothing could make him stop. We couldn’t figure out what was wrong until my mouth began to burn. I guess I had also gotten my fingers near my mouth. So I full on stuck my fingers in my mouth to determine what kind of pepper. Judging by the heat in my own mouth and knowledge of the peppers I had dried, I had planted a Carolina Reaper. My tender little boy cried bloody murder for at least two and a half hours straight and we did everything we could think of/find on the Internet to stop the burning. 
Luckily, from what we can tell, not very much got on the nipple shield and the pepper wasn’t to it’s full potency or things could have been much much worse. Now I feel like I should never touch my child again- this whole fatherhood thing is not off to a great start. 

TL;DR
Touched some dried Carolina Reaper seeds. Then touched my wife’s nipple shield that goes in baby’s mouth. Baby cried horribly for two and half hours straight. I’m the worst dad ever.

Edit: I did wash my hands after, but I used hand soap instead of dish soap. Even with dish soap, it didn’t come off. The pepper oil finally came off after I poured 91% rubbing alcohol on my hands.

Edit 2: He wouldn’t latch to drink milk because he was crying so hard, so I eventually got a bottle of pumped milk and put some of it around and in his mouth.

Edit 3: Baby is okay. He’s still feeding normally and acts as if nothing happened. But we all know the truth... we know./nSo it all started on a date to the movies at a pretty local area. Everything was going well, we made out in the theater, had some good laughs enjoyed food and genuinely had a good time. (as good as a date to the movies could go)

I could tell she liked me a lot cause she kept getting close to me and we had some pretty deep conversations for a first date. I’d been talking to the girl on the phone for about a week before, but she seemed to feel comfortable around me so I was pretty happy to have someone who I could connect too. 

We made out a couple more times behind some buildings and on benches and stuff and kept talking, holding hands, felt like we’d been dating for months but it was still a first date. We met through some of our mutual friends that we originally went on the date with but separated after the movie. It was pretty dark and we were walking on a pretty unpopulated path behind the theater/mall. She took my hand to an alley/bushy area not visible to the main road. She looked at me in the eyes kissed me and said “can I go down?”

I said yes! “but I’m not gonna lie it’s not that big, like at all” I KNOW I FACEPALMED INSTANTLY! She said “Oh... well, maybe it’s not time then?” She got back up and said “Sorry I asked...” I didn’t say anything cause I was just freaking the fuck out.

The entire date from there was awkward and I could have easily just said “no it’s fine” but I didn’t. Today is a regretful day ladies and gentleman... a regretful day indeed.

TL;DR: Was about to get head from a girl, told her my dick was small and she didn’t really wanna do it anymore. 😭

EDIT: Thanks everyone for all the hilarious comments and confidence advice! I didnt expect to blow up as now everyone knows I have a small dick 😂. 
BAD NEWS: I texted her the next day and she hasn’t responded yet, I hope we didn’t lose her 😞


EDIT: This blew up even more! And I got some gold and plat! Love you all! A lotta people admitting they have small dicks 😂 

UPDATE: She did respond to my texts a day later saying she had fun but she wasn’t sure if she was ready for a relationship... I think my mistake has caused a failed relationship! When we were on the date she was very happy and seemed like she wanted to go further too. F in the chat please 😞/nSo I originally posted this to r/confession a couple nights ago, and thought here might also appreciate the story. Obligatory: this fuck up did not happen today, but nearer to two years ago. 

As a disclaimer: this is my first Reddit post and on mobile so apologise for formatting yada-yada-yada. 

So this happened about 18 months ago, or somewhere in the vicinity of 18-20 months. I still get flak from this from both family and friends. 

So, the setting: my uncle’s wedding. It’s around Autumn and my uncle by my mothers side, from an exceptionally large family (this is relevant), is getting married for the second time. Now my family is very large. My mother has 3 brothers and 5 sisters. All with children of their own, and some even with children of their own now. 

The wedding isn’t what I would describe as large, pretty much encompassing just family and close friends. All in all, there can’t have been more than 50 or 60 people there, and around 60% (at a rough estimate) or so are related by blood to me. They make up the majority is what I’m trying to say, and many are spread over whom I have only briefly met, or in some cases, never met. Well, you can see where this is going. 

For reference, I would be around mid 17 in this story, with the age of consent in my country (UK) being 16. The girl, who we shall call Isla, was 22 or 23. 

Well, at the reception, I am having a good time with my sister, parents and cousins. Dancing, heavily indulging in drinking etc. Just generally enjoying myself as it is rare for large family gatherings for us for obvious reasons. 

A girl I don’t recognise begins to dance with me on the (very crowded) dance-floor. She’s older than me clearly, but I thought maybe 19 or 20. Anyway, we start dancing, touching etc. She twerks on me a little, I grind a bit and I presume nobody noticed due to accumulated intoxication and crowdedness around where we were. One things leads to another, we start kissing and she asks me if I want to go ‘upstairs’, which I correctly take to mean her room in the hotel (it was a hotel wedding). 

I, of course, being a hormonal teenage boy (still am), jump at the opportunity and say yes. I should say this wasn’t my first time or anything and by this point I carried condoms around in my wallet when I went out and knew I would be drinking. 

So we proceed to discreetly (or so I think) take our leave. Both drunk, obviously, but not to the point of not being in control of our actions, or stumbling around/blackout etc. I get to her room, a bit of excited talk, and clothes come off. All is going well. Now, I should say that all this time I’m assuming this girl is a relative (or perhaps friend?) of the bride. Oh boy. I was in for a shock. Because, as it turns out, she thought the same of me. 

As we were ‘cleaning up’, so to speak, we begin a little small-talk when before had mostly just been purely sexual. She eventually asks how I know the bride (let us call her Emma). I stop. Thunderstruck. The realisation slowly creeping up on me and oh, the horror. I laugh it off (hoping, in vain) she is joking and state I am the son of (insert mothers name). The shock is palpable on who I then realised as my cousins face as she was putting her bra back on. She sort of freaks out and says she’s the estranged daughter of one of my uncles who’s had a troubled life, whom she had very recently reconnected with (I did not know this). We essentially collectively let out a ‘fuckkkkk’. 

From there we got dressed quickly and decided to never reveal this major cock-up to a soul and hope to God we had not been noticed (alas). We decided it would be best if she were to leave first, and that I would follow around 5-10 minutes later. 

Well I do. She leaves first, and I just kind of stand around in the hallway on my phone freaking out for a short while until I decide enough time has passed to erode suspicion. 

Well, first thing I see when I get down is the look of pure disappointment on my mothers face, the stupid fucking grin on my fathers and half my cousins faces and my sister looking in disgust, as though she was watching a particularly repulsive sea-slug. One of my cousins whom I am close to pats me on the back, shaking his head and laughing his absolute head off. I know I am defeated then and quietly take a seat expecting the utter bollocking I will later receive from my family. My elderly 90 year old grandmother was there for fucks sake. And word was not quiet. I didn’t see Isla or her father again that reception and later found out she told him and he took her home, not to the hotel she had booked, by way of taxi.

So yeah. I accidentally took part in (protected, thank-God) incest. It is brought up at every, and I mean every, family-gathering. A couple of my cousins have taken to playing ‘Sweet Home Alabama’ and asking when the next date is whenever I enter the room. 

After (soberly) explaining to my parents it was an accident and I fully believed she was not a relative (like they should have questioned it) they were okay-ish with it, but still disappointed and annoyed a little. My father asked me how I’d failed to notice Isla (apparently) sat literally the row behind us, and I had no answer. Gotta work on my observation skills I guess. Not only do my family still tease me, but my friends found out from my sister within days and I’ve been relentlessly teased by them at most social gatherings since. You can imagine how many cousin/incest/alabama jokes daily. 

I am ashamed to this day. Even more so because she is an objectively attractive woman. As one might imagine, the limited interactions we’ve had since have been extremely strained and awkward, not helped by my dickhead cousins. There is another big family wedding coming up this summer, and since the announcement ‘the incident’ as it’s come to be known as has been all that’s been discussed within my hearing.

Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed that rollercoaster. If you have any questions feel free, and once again, do forgive the surely egregious formatting as I am just popping my Reddit virginity with this story, which I’ve been encouraged to (anonymously) post online by friends so as to make you all laugh as much as them.

TL;DR I had sex with my uncles estranged daughter at a family wedding my first time meeting her. Everybody in the (large family) knew then, and now, and will never let me live this down.

Edit: thank you all very much for the outpouring of engagement with this post. I will try get through the comments over the duration of the day. Also thank you for my first silver and gold kind stranger! Glad I could give you a chuckle./nThis very recently. 

It was my day off, and I usually start my morning by drinking an energy drink and playing some video games. 

So I popped open a Monster drink and sat down to play. 

About 20 minutes later, I started feeling very anxious for no reason. Then all of a sudden, my chest started pounding really hard for no reason. 

I've had panic attacks before, but this was different, it felt like my heart was pounding, AT A RHYTHM IT WASN'T SUPPOSED TO. This scared the crap out of me and I thought I might be having an attack or something. I tried breathing slowly, but it wouldn't stop. 

So I drove myself to the hospital. (I know that was really stupid, but understand that by this point I wasn't thinking straight, my brain was losing oxygen and I was in a delirious panic. )

Upon arriving at the ER, I checked in and they immediately rushed me back to a bed, and this is when it got really scary. 

I couldn't really understand what was happening, but I knew I was losing feeling in my limbs and my vision was going dark while nurses crowded around me, and they told me they needed to stop my heart. I cried out terrified, saying I didn't want to die.

I woke up a little while later with a tube in my arm in the same room. The doctor had explained to me that I had a severe super ventricular tachycardia, or in other words, my heart had been beating irregularly and in excess of 230bpm. At that fast of a rate, the blood doesn't have enough time to absorb oxygen, hence the delirium and loss of feeling. So they tried to chemically halt my heart, but that didn't work, so they had to use a cardioversion machine to stop and restart it. 

After talking to the doctor about my diet and personal habits, he summarized that I had been malnourished to the point of having very unbalanced electrolyte levels. 
Electrolytes are basically what allows your nervous system to control your motor function, and having poor electrolyte levels and introducing a strong stimulant made my heart go crazy. 

I haven't touched energy drinks since, and I try really hard to have a balanced diet now. 

tldr: poor diet and energy drink consumption made my heart go crazy, almost killing me. Electrolytes are important kids.

Edit: Holy shit, I was just trying to share a scary experience. I had no idea  this post would blow up so much! 
Umm, thanks I guess, I don't know what to say. 

I agree with those of you saying it wasn't strictly the energy drink that caused this, it was mostly my bad diet depriving me of potassium and phosphates specifically. But the energy drink is the match that lit the tinder I laid out. 

Some are telling me this event is rarely life threatening. 
That may be true, but I will say that some may be confusing what I wrote about with a super atrial tachycardia, which is far less serious than a ventricular tachycardia, which is serious enough that I am not allowed to donate blood or plasma due to me being permanently labeled a saftey risk. This isn't from my knowledge, this is from several doctors who told me so.


I appreciate the well wishes and the concern, I am eating a balanced diet, I exercise daily, and I only have the occasional coffee or tea now, I do not wish to repeat that stupid mistake. 

Edit again:

A lot of people have been asking what my diet was like before this happened.

It wasn't so much to do with what I was eating, but that I wasn't eating enough, I work very long hours and I usually only spared myself the time to have one good meal a day, usually something my wife cooked at home. The doctor said that because I wasn't eating frequently enough my body wasn't able to build up enough potassium and phosphorus to keep my system stable. The long periods of fasting coupled with long strenuous hours of working severely depleted my electrolytes. 

So the lesson is that you should not only eat a balanced diet, but also eat regularly. 

Edit x3: First time Reddit gold!! Thank you kind stranger! 
All I had to do was nearly kill myself from shitty habits. 
/nLike most TIFUs this happened a few years back. 

I was at a free clinic for women to get a physical exam. They basically only check to see if you have scoliosis or not and clear you for all physical activity. After filling out my paperwork and waiting in line for about 4 hours, I was finally granted my five free minutes in the office. 

I sat on the table in my t-shirt and shorts and smiled politely as the old man with the stethoscope entered. He bluntly asked "Please, show me your form." To which I replied by sitting up as straight as I could on the table. He looked at me, and again he said "miss, I need to see your form." Slightly frustrated, I sat up even straighter. When he again said nothing, I asked "How do you want to see my form? Sitting down? Standing?" 

At this point the doctor is staring at me with a look of mass confusion. He asked me yet again to see my form and in a flustered panic, I took off my shirt and stood there in his office, showing off my perfect form. The doctor proceeded to burst out in laughter and through his cackling squeezed out the words "Your papers! I just wanted to see your papers." 

He told me in his 30 years of working that clinic, a girl had never stripped for him when he asked to see her form. I never went back. Moral of the stories, if they ask to see your form, they probably just want to see your paperwork. /nOkay, so this happened several hours ago. It's Friday so it's a bit easy, mood was low. I came in the office, opened my email, did my morning tasks, read news, watched YouTube videos, and decided to watch (while working on some stuff) SpongeBob movies but ended up with SpongeBob Season 1 because I found out that I already watched the movies. This was on Netflix btw. So, while doing these things I used an in-ear headphones so I won't hear anything around me. While in the middle of "Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? SpongeBob SquarePants! Absorbent and yellow...", my officemate went to my desk and told me that I am so noisy. I took off the earphones and found out that my PC speakers have sounds. I found out that there's an audio output to my earphones and PC speakers simultaneously. It's a bit weird and it was not suppose to happen but I remember there was a Windows update yesterday so it might fucked up (again) my PC. So I realized that from News Videos, YouTube Videos, up to SpongeBob, they all played thru my PC speakers as well and everyone hears it. My boss was there as well. So there I was on my desk, could not even stand. I was so embarrassed. I am one of the tough guys in the office then suddenly they hear "Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? SpongeBob SquarePants!" xD

TL;DR, Watched SpongeBob in the office without even realizing the sounds were coming thru my PC speaker while using an in-ear headphones.

EDIT: Looks like SpongeBob Season 1 and 2 are region dependent. 4:3 aspect is real! [https://imgur.com/ZRv2Bph](https://imgur.com/ZRv2Bph)/nThis happened over 12 years ago, it was the start of fifth grade.

My class went into the computer lab for the first time that year. We got our fifth grade login info which the entire class shared.

After we got logged in, I was curious to see if my old fourth grade login still worked. It did! So I spent my time in the lab goofing off on the old account. (What I didn't realize is that the new fourth grade class would still be using this login.) Being the immature 10 year old I was, I google image searched the word "fart" and found this lovely photo:

[https://imgur.com/a/FdphCG2](https://imgur.com/a/FdphCG2)

I thought it was hilarious, so I set it as the background and giggled about it with some friends. The photo didn't take up too much of the background, it was a small picture in the middle surrounded by the generic blue windows background color. I was able to hide it pretty easily with a small window or by pulling up the background settings. Instead of changing it back to normal before we left, I decided to leave it and see if it would still be there the next time we went back to the lab.

The next time we went to the lab was maybe a few days or a week later. I made sure to snag the same computer I was on the last time. I logged in with the fourth grade info, and sure enough, the photo was still there. I had intended to switch it back to normal...

Only this time, it had stretched to fit the screen. I was quite surprised to see the giant ass on my monitor, so I logged out as quickly as I could. I had heard about "porn" and I figured I could probably get in huge trouble if my teacher saw what I did (10 year old me thought "porn" simply meant pictures of naked people). Looking back, I could have easily switched it very quickly. I was an idiot and I guess I didn't think anyone else would ever see it.

Fast forward a few days or a week, and I had completely forgot about my nasty background. We were in class doing something quietly when one of the other fifth grade teachers came into our room. I heard him whispering to my teacher, and I heard one word that nearly gave me a heart attack: "motorcycle". I realized that someone had seen what I had done. Sometime that day, I had seen one of my "friends" walking down the hallway with the principal. She was with me the day I set the background photo. I was so afraid that she had ratted me out. The suspense ate away at me that day. I hardly ate any lunch. At recess, I confided in another friend about what I had seen and heard. We decided that no matter what, no one would ever know it was me, since there are no cameras in the lab and we all used the same login. She convinced me that my other "friend" wouldn't have told on me. Still, I had never been more nervous in my life.

Later that day, I finally got called into the office. It was actually kind of a relief. I knew I was in trouble but I also thought that I could explain myself. I knew it was bad, but I had honestly meant no harm by it... Until I learned that when the fourth grade class had logged in, my nasty background was on EVERY COMPUTER. I imagined the giant ass popping up, one by one, as the students logged in. I thought about how my fourth grade teacher (one of my favorite teachers) witnessed it all and now knew it was me who had done it. I don't remember much about the conversation I had with the principal, but I know there was a lot of crying on my part. I'm sure she thought that I had manually logged into every single computer and changed the backgrounds.

I ended up getting suspended from school for one day. (I had to confirm with my mom that it would not be on my permanent record) edit: permanent records are not a real thing, a better way to phrase that would’ve been “I had to confirm with my mom that permanent records don’t exist”. I think it was a made up thing to try to keep kids in line

&#x200B;

TL;DR

I set [this photo](https://imgur.com/a/FdphCG2) as the background on a school computer, left it there like an idiot, and since the computers were linked, it set to every computer in the lab for all of the fourth graders to see.

&#x200B;

Edited some spelling mistakes.

Ashley: if you told, I forgive you.

&#x200B;

If you want to see a shitty, stolen retelling of my post, check out @toonstar's IGTV on Instagram./nI've always smoked in my apartment but I had a female friend over that day that I couldn't see on 4/20 and she had on weed socks and he was in his truck while we were outside smoking a cig. We go inside and light up a joint we pre rolled full of really loud bud, and lit up. Smoked Damn near the entire thing while watching a movie. About 45 minutes into the movie, I hear three very loud knocks on my door and see him through the peep hole. I immediately spray myself (stupid, whatever), and open the door and step out closing it behind me.

He introduced himself, asks if I remember who he is and what he does. Explains that he can smell from outside and inside his apartment below and to the left of us. He's upset he had to explain what the smell was to his daughter, and was upset that other families around me likely had to smell it. Told me that between my friends socks and the smells he has enough that he doesn't even need a warrant.

He then says he's coming to me as a neighbor, not a police officer. He says he appreciated me helping him find gear for his daughter to skate, and that he's never had problems with me and that he thinks it should be legal, but that I need to find somewhere else to do it, and that if it happens again he won't be so nice. I had the biggest heart attack of my life, my anxiety was ridiculous. Even though it's only misdemeanor in my state I'm still not trying to deal with it. 

Tldr: lit up some loud and got a visit from the police. 

Edit: fixed a few errors/nI tried to climb an abandoned factory at night across from my house. The grappling hook seemed to be fairly secure, and I started climbing up the rope thinking I'm spiderman. I am not spiderman. The whole thing falls apart when I'm about 15 ft up, I fall and sprain both my knees, cut up my arm and break my clavicle. I also needed a tetanus shot.

**Tl;dr** it's literally 5 sentences just read it

Now I don't have pictures of the actual X-ray, but I have the also much requested pictures of some of the injuries. The only proof I have of the knees are the braces which aren't that exciting.

http://imgur.com/3XwomxB

http://imgur.com/90HEcUt

http://imgur.com/W2QL2cf

http://imgur.com/UjmpAHf

And here's a picture of the factory - 
(The subtle red circle was where my climb took place)

http://imgur.com/a/KtsyL


**Update:** Hahah nice one Red, they took it off amazon./nObligatory *this didn't happen today* and all that stuff. TL;DR at the bottom blah blah blah.

So I'm a fucking idiot. 

I have a 'creative' email that I use for writing, in case anyone wants to contact me for commissions etc. Naturally, it's deader than my hopes and dreams, so I haven't actively opened it in a long time.

Today I was clearing out the 'ol "spam" folder in my main email, when I got the bright idea to take a look at my 'creative' inbox and see if there's anything there. Lo and behold, there is. Amidst all the 'Candy wants to chat to you!' and stupid shit like that, I found something that wasn't exactly spam.

A fucking reply to my book application.

Over a year ago I wrote and edited an entire fucking book, drafted up a cover letter and sent it out to all sorts of different publishing houses. About three months later I only got a reply from *one*, stating that it wasn't the kind of stuff they're looking for right now. Cool, I scrapped the book and took it as me just not writing the right stuff.

Turns out that another publishing house replied after about 4 months basically saying sweet, contact us regarding further detail and we'll make shit happen together.

That was a year ago. Thanks, Gmail, for ensuring only the important shit gets through. Wouldn't want those nasty publishing houses to scam me with a reply to my fucking email or something like that.

TL;DR: Gmail decided that a potential business venture was most likely a bot advertising cam services, sending it to 'spam' purgatory./nThrowaway because a few of my friends follow my main account.

Okay so this happened just a few minutes ago and im hiding in the same bathroom as i type this. These last few weeks have been really hectic because of my 2 hour daily commute to college, my driving classes, supplementary classes and gymming. Being a stressed horny 18 year old dude who hasnt touched his willy since LAST YEAR, ive been as pent up as a sex addict on solitary confinement. Mom and dad decide to go shopping and i decide this is the moment i get some relief. As soon as they leave i get in the bathroom(its easier to clean later on) with my tissues and get to work on my little one. Im done in about 5 minutes(dont judge i was really backed up) and am relaxing in the afterglow of that sweet sweet  oxytocin when the bell rings again. Mind you my mom and dad take around 2 hours for shopping on a typical weekend. Panicking, i drop the jizz filled tissue on the floor, pick it up again and throw it in the bin and leave to open the door. Its important to note that we live as tenants and our lease is almost due.
To my horror its the broker, new tenants and mom on the door. I let em all in and the broker starts showing around the house to the new tenants. They eventually get to the bathroom and the new tenant(a 30 something bahemoth of a man) enters while looking around. When the tissues had fallen down earlier, some of my man seed had fallen down on the floor. The new tenant enters the bathroom ,slips on my fresh jizz and falls down with a huge thud. The broker and my mom come running tpwards the bathroom while the new tenant is holwing in pain, saying its really slippery in here. My mom counters by saying that we keep our bathroom meticulously clean and so the broker goes to inspect the slipperyness, accidentally touches my semen with his foot, visibly recoils and looks back at me with a disgust filled eyes. My mom is perplexed but the broker silently ushers the cursing new tenant out shortly after. My mom comes to inspect the bathroom after they leave, but i enter first telling her i want to take a dump. Now im in the bathroom cleaning jizz of the floor while my mom waits outside the door.
Oh,btw the broker lives really close by and knows everyone in my area by name. Im pretty sure wierd rumours are gonna fly around for a while.

Tldr; Ejaculated on the bathroom floor,new tenant slips on my cum and falls down while the broker who eveyone in my area knows sees my jizz on the floor.

Edit: My mom has gone out shopping and ive finally got out. Thanks for the friendly tips guys❤./nThis is happening right now and I'm scared as shit. My mother is bringing my dog to the vet as I'm typing.

I decided to make pot cookies for the weekend so on Friday I  cooked up a bunch of those crackling suckers.
I enjoyed them yesterday evening while watching fringe, and left the cookie box on the counter, open. 
Now the dumbass I am forgot to put away the box, so it stayed open in my room the whole day, which usually is no problem since I keep the door closed. I forgot it open and at four I noticed the cookies are gone. I decided not to tell my mother since the dog seemed to do fine but about two hours later he started to breathe heavily and couldn't walk anymore. I told my mother what's up and that I believed he ate the drug cookies. she started crying and shouting about what the hell i was thinking and how my dog will die.

TL;dr my dog ate hash cookies, and now I'm worried he's gonna die and I'm crying over my good boy

Update: the vet said the dose is pretty high even for that big boy, so he's gonna have to sleep it off at their clinic but will be fine. He's in good hands and the vet said he will have something for the munchies and Pink Floyd running, too. Thank you all for the advice.

Update 2: we just went to pick mah good boah up, he's doing fine but gives off a funky and mellow mood. He just looked at me and winked, I think he knows what he did. I'm afraid he'll grow dreadlocks now.
To those asking, yes I apologized to my mother, she's still very disappointed.  I will come up with the veterinary expenses myself and will never again leave edibles around./nWell thankfully this didn't happen today or yesterday.  This fuck up actually happened when I was a kid...about 16?(which is why I can laugh about it now!)  

So anyways... back in the day I used to enjoy a little bud as a high schooler.  Most of my friends did as well, but we lived in Utah at the time which means pretty much none of our parents were cool with smoking...quite the opposite in fact. 

So with our strict parents in mind as little stoner high school kids we have to think of some pretty creative ways to hide our weed. I even unscrewed my DVD player, hid weed in it and my mom still almost found it. 

This time I was going to make sure was different!   I was going to find the best place I could to hide it.  I thought to myself shortly after buying some weed for my friends birthday..."I bet hiding this outside would be perfect!"  "She won't smell it and she never comes out here, so she won't just find it!" So as I'm outside smoking with my friend, I feel like I hit the goldmine of weed hiding ideas! We wrap up smoking and my mom's coming home soon, so I scout the yard and decide to hide my weed in the very back of the yard, wedged in between a fence and my shed. Over top of the weed i placed a big wooden 2x4.  I go to bed happy as can be because I think I've finally won.  
So I wake up the next morning and went to school. Just another normal day.  I get home to both my parents being at my moms.  This already sets off a red flag in my mind because having divorced parents, the only time they hang out together is when someone's in trouble.
So I walk in the door to find them sitting at the table waiting for me.  At this point I'm expecting them to have find a pipe or some papers. Ha! I sit down at the table and my dad pulls out this bag of weed.  I was just like what the fuck how did you find this?!?! Do you have hidden cameras or some shit!?!?  My mom slowly starts smiling and points to my Australian Shepherd.  Apparently my dog saw me hide it, got a little curious and decided to prance around the yard with my bag of weed in her mouth right as my mom was outside having a cigarette. 

Yes I definitely got grounded.

Also, yes the dog is still alive and I'm writing this right next to the bitch!

Edit: Punctuation, Picture of the culprit http://imgur.com/WDZP2dX

Wow front page! 

Edit: For those who don't understand why my mom would be mad when she smokes cigarettes... it's because I was in high school.   

TL;DR Thought I had found the goldmine of weed hiding.  Dog had other plans and started prancing around the yard with my bag of weed in her mouth getting me caught./nLike all other posts on this sub, this did not happen yesterday, but about 10 years ago when I was in my sexual prime. Now before I begin, it should be noted I'm an only child. Therefore I had no sibling to teach me about the birds and the bees, and my parents worked ALL the time. They both worked C-Level jobs at big companies so I hardly ever saw them. Everything I know about sex today is through experience and the wonderful world of the internet.

So at this time in my life, I had already had sex with a small handful of girls. Being only 18, I thought I was hot shit. My life consisted of throwing parties at my parents vacant mansion and sex. Every 18 year olds' dream right? Well at one of my parties a group of college girls showed up (I was still a senior in high school) and the hottest girl of the college group was giving me vibes that she wanted to get it on. One thing let to another and we head up stairs..

Everything started off normal, foreplay and what not, when I finally got her naked I spread her legs so I could go down on her (I like to be a gentlemen and please the girl first). As soon I get down to that region she lets out the smallest "toot". Confused, I looked back up at her and she is still in a moaning bliss waiting for me to start as nothing happened. "Did she just fart on me?" I thought to myself. She was still begging for it so I shrugged my shoulders and we got it on.

Fast forward a week and we're now kind of "dating," still having sex at least twice a day like new couples do. And each time she would let out a small "toot." I liked her a lot and didn't want to freak her out by asking her about it, so I decided to go to my friends (bad idea). They proceed to tell me that she's known as being a "freak" in bed and I just need to along with it. 

Ok here's when the actual fuck up happens... so that night we start fooling around and this time she wants to go down on me first. She's giving me the typical BJ when she goes down a little further for a little ball play... that's when I cock my legs up and release the biggest fart I could muster. I swear her hair flew back as if she had her face in front of a fan. She immediately stops what she's doing and looks back at me in disgust. I smiled with pride and said "that's all for you babe." 

She locked herself in my bathroom and cried until she let me call one of her friends to come pick her up. 

TL;DR: Didn't know what a queef was and thought my girlfriend was farting during sex as a fetish. I returned the "favor" by farting in her face when she was going down on me.

EDIT: Ok before I go on my rant I want to say WOW! I was not expecting this to blow up and I especially wasn't expecting front page and so much gold. Thank you all for your reading my stupid story and participating. 

With that said, I wrote this to make you LAUGH reddit. That's it. To put a smile on your face and hopefully make your day a little bit better. The story is true in the fact that I really did let one slip on a girl when she was in my no-no area (that girl is now my wife btw), but the rest is added filler to make it funny. I'm sorry I offended so many people on the tweaked facts. /nObligatory didn't happen today, but last week.

People who know me say I'm a gentle soul, but that I have an "angry listening face", don't do small talk and can be quite opinionated, so I tend to avoid other people at my children's school, because interactions usually don't go well...

So last week Thursday, I arrived at school to pick up my kids and went to the store right next-door to buy some groceries. School is in English and we speak French at home, which means we can usually say whatever we want without anyone eavesdropping. While waiting in line, I turned to my daughter and went "You're ugly", to which she replied "thank you".

Now, you need to know the back story... There is this French black comedy called "Tatie Danielle" which features an angry, old lady insulting and abusing everyone. In one of the scenes she tells a mother "Your girl is nice, but damn, she's so ugly". This sort of became a running joke in our family and I feel this also teaches my kids not to take insults at face value. We sometimes throw out quotes from the movie, mimicking an old lady voice.

Of course, I did not know that the only teacher in the school who understands French was behind me... and this of course is my daughter's teacher. She was shocked and let out a small gasp.

I turned around and she told my angry listening face "Your daughter is not ugly". She then started talking to my daughter: Is your father tough at home with you? Is he mean to you? What about your mother, is she tough with you?

Without missing a beat, my daughter went: Nope, they are both very cool.

To this day, this teacher still looks at me suspiciously.

TL;DR: I jokingly told my daughter she was ugly. She said thank you. All this while her teacher was standing behind me, who now thinks I abuse my kids./nYesterday afternoon, I was cleaning the house while my 2yr old was at her kiddy table coloring and I was in the living room with her, cleaning, and had my earbuds in while I was listening to my playlist (which includes all the Tenacious D albums). I should mention that I have a soundbar stereo system that also has Bluetooth connectivity.

If you're familiar with the works of Kage and Jables, you'll know of a song called, "Double Team". It was at the end of this song that my earbuds caught around the vacuum I was using and yanked them out of my phone, prompting the phone to connect to my sound system automatically. Over the speakers comes the ending of the track, which is Kage and Jables saying, "Hail Satan!" back and forth.

After reconnecting my earbuds, I looked at my daughter, still coloring, apparently oblivious to what just happened, and continued cleaning. About 10 minutes later, I'm in the kitchen to grab my daughter a snack, when my sweet, innocent, 2yr old baby girl in the room over starts saying, "Hail Satan" while continuing to scribble happily in her Frozen coloring book.

Being the poor father that I am, I began to laugh like a madman at the image of a 2yr old saying those words. That was a bad idea, because now, whenever my daughter wants to get a reaction out of me, she screams, "HAIL SATAN!" at the top of her lungs.

My wife is still pissed at me and doesn't want to take her to daycare next week...

TL;DR I accidentally let my daughter listen to Tenacious D and now she shouts "Hail Satan!" at the top of her lungs to get my attention. Now my wife and I aren't sure if we can take her to daycare next week./nClearly NSFW, but to be safe putting that out there.

This happened about a month ago, and I was tasked with helping my dad power wash our outdoor cement floor. How was I gonna help, since he was gonna be doing the actual washing with the nozzle? I was gonna hold the actual machine part still. Normally a power washer has wheels so you can roll it around and keep it in place as you wash away, but ours had its wheel break just a few weeks ago, and my father hadn't gotten around to replacing it. We tried wedging wooden blocks underneath to try to keep it upright but the vibrating from the machine kept hobbling it over and off the support, and that's where I came in. I needed to keep it perfectly balanced while my dad toiled away.


Now here is where my mind decided to wander. It had been a while since I'd had a satisfactory toss of the salad, and while my hands always got the job done, I never really experienced what other girls have exclaimed with glowing reviews: vibrators are mystical. You can see where this is going.


While my father was out of sight washing a section of the floor behind a wooden gate, I pressed my crotch up against the metal handle of the unit, and by God I was not ready for how powerful that thing was. Such relentless, jarring vibrations... it was almost too much for me to handle.



Almost. I powered through, gripping that metal handle with all my might as I let it quite literally rock my body. My legs were starting to shake, my voice quivered and my legs subconsciously began pressing forward as I could feel that surge begin to heighten. I whimpered and bit my lip, my head simply swimming in the moment as I hear



"Hey whoa WHOA WHAT THE FUCK!"


I took an immediate step back and looked towards the gate, seeing a massive plume of white smoke brushing over and through it as my dad barged in towards me. His eyes went to the unit, as did mine. There was smoke billowing out from its exhaust in almost frightening amounts. He took the reins and shut the machine off, grabbing it from me and looking it over while he held it. He asked me what I was doing and I meekly replied with I was just holding it forward, keeping it balanced like he asked me.




Apparently in my lustful throes, I was pushing the unit forward, so much forward that oil flooded the engine block and it began burning oil and fuel, hence the white smoke. As if on cue while my dad explained this to me, the exhaust port began leaking fluids, almost as much as my exhaust port but I digress. We had to stop the cleaning midwash, while my dad checked to see if I hadn't fucked up the machine. I did, and now we need to buy a new one.



TL;DR I masturbated with a Power washer and through my sheer horny stupidity... we are out of a power washer./nSkiing in an [inflatable T. Rex costume](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/Iu9rP7PZwN0/maxresdefault.jpg) is a terrible idea. Just FYI. Unfortunately my dumb ass thought it might be fun, so when I went out on a family ski trip, I convinced my mom to buy one for my three siblings and I. 

For context, I’m the second oldest of four at 22-years-old. So this wasn’t some dumbshit decision I made as a kid. This was adult-level stupidity and I deserved everything that happened from here on out. Also, my younger brother and sister weren’t terribly keen on the idea while my older sister was all for it. Must be an age thing. 

So when we get out onto the slopes, we all zip ourselves up in our outfits which have to be airtight so those big, Nutcracker T. Rex heads on top can bobble about. They’re inflated by tiny, high-powered fans inside the suit. The one issue I do have with the design of these fuckers is the little window where you’re supposed to look out of. It’s tiny, plastic, and shifts around like a drunken sailor. 

To exacerbate matters, I’m a 6’4” guy and this thing was made for people slightly shorter than me. Seeing out of it was no easy feat. Even worse than that, the cold of the winter mountains combined with the heat of one’s breath makes those little screens fog up like a motherfucker. 

After everyone rode the chairlift up and suited up at the top of the slopes, we were ready to go. The first ride down actually went quite smoothly, with each of us taking wide turns and going slow. We took an easy course to keep it simple and there were quite a few kids skiing alongside us by the time we reached the bottom. They loved it.

Unfortunately, towards the end of the run, my younger brother’s zipper came undone and his dino-head deflated, inevitably blinding him and causing him to come to an emergency halt before he rexed himself. That should’ve been a warning sign for me. These outfits were not meant to be skied in, but I was far too stupid to listen to such logic. 

When we finished our first run, my younger siblings were done. It’d been fun, but suffocating in a polyester coffin wasn’t worth the novelty. 

That left my older sister and I to do our own thing. Now as I said before, seeing out of these things was damned difficult. Having already skied one run in them, my little window was fogging up bad and the lack of airflow left me sweating like a pig. But I was determined to go on another run. 

My sister and I hopped on the chairlift to take another ride up, this time leaving the heads up because the process of unzipping and tucking the costumes away was such a pain. [Here we are riding the chairlift.](https://i.imgur.com/0wejBtq.jpg) It was a bit awkward riding that way, but eventually, we made back to the top. 

This time around, we decided to go a bit faster to get back down and that was where everything literally went downhill. As I rode with my sister in tow and a couple kids following, my big, inflatable head blew back with the wind and the plastic window I was looking through suddenly rose several inches. A layer of sweat-smothered polyester rose over my face, flicking a nice pinch of salt into my eyes. That stung like a bitch. 

Reflexively, I began pawing at my eyes to clear them and immediately forgot I was also skiing along like Barney on meth. I don’t remember the next few moments because my world had been reduced to billowing polyester, burning eyes, and the cries of alarm from the other kids as I twisted out of control. 

Then I smacked full on into a chairlift pole. 

My sister told me it was nowhere near as dramatic as it felt. Apparently, I resembled retarded velociraptor, sliding one way and then the other, with my giant T. Rex head flapping about and cursing. She didn’t have time to warn me about the chairlift pole I ended up running because she was laughing too hard. 

Luckily the pole I smacked into had been wrapped in a [foam pad,](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/45/Hoodoo-Ski-Area-Central-Oregon-Resort-Big-Green-Machine-Chair-Lift.jpg) so I only bounced off it with enough force to have the wind knocked out of me. I’m pretty sure I ended up scarring a couple kids for life, but at the very least I didn’t concuss myself in the most embarrassing manner possible. 

I ended up laying there for a couple moments before slowly righting myself up. My T. Rex was demolished. He suffered a puncture that led to his deflation, so I rode the rest of the way down with his head flapping behind me in defeat. 

I will say the situation was made slightly better when a kid skied too close behind my sister and completely face-planted when they tripped on her tail. It helped a little, but from that day on I’ve made it my responsibility to warn others of the dangers of skiing in inflatable T. Rex costumes. It’s a rising epidemic in our country and deserves our utmost attention.

TL;DR - I went skiing in an inflatable T. Rex costume without thinking it through. Ended up getting blinded by the giant head and ran into a chair lift pole, nearly concussing myself. No one had sympathy for me or my dino. 

Edit: Because people requested it, here are some videos of us skiing in the costumes.
[First video.](https://i.imgur.com/pDfR038.gifv) 
[Second video](https://i.imgur.com/2pRqGQp.gifv)/nLast week my girlfriend and I went on vacation in Stowe, Vermont. We decided to go for a walk. As we were walking, we came across [this large open field with a stage in the middle of it.](http://i.imgur.com/MXfgsn5.jpg)

ME: Oh they must have weddings here. This is really neat!

***She points to a bunch of flower petals on the ground*** 

HER: Oh yeah! Cool!

***I start humming that classic wedding tune as we walk hand in hand down the field*** 

ME: da-da-DA-DA da-da-DUH-DA!

***We finally get to the stage, which is empty aside from two chairs and a small box.***

ME: Woah, a ring box! Someone must have left it here.

***I bend down to pick up the box. My girlfriend stands in COMPLETE SILENCE looking shocked. On one knee, with a ring box in my hand, I open the box facing my girlfriend to reveal-- an empty ring box***

ME: See? Huh, too bad it's empty! Still pretty neat though.

HER: ...

***I suddenly realize everything I just did and what it must have looked like*** 

ME: Oh....Oh...Shit. Sorry.

HER: I hate you.

Oops. I ended up keeping the ring box though...it was pretty neat.

-------------------------

**EDIT:** To make matters worse, this is literally the fourth time something like this has happened.

**Time #1:** Last Christmas I made her a DIY kit and individually wrapped all of the parts (yarn, glue, stamps, glitter, cards, etc...). I wanted her to open up the smaller gifts first because I was really excited about some of the big stuff. She asked me what she should open first, so I grabbed the smallest box I could find (it was just a rubber stamp...the size of a ring box) and jokingly said something like "I know it's what you've always wanted"...Oops.

**Time #2:** Our friend had just returned from the International Space University in France (it's a real thing). He graduated at the top of his class and they gave him a medallion in a jewelry box. I called my girlfriend into the room with the box closed and said something stupid and yeah...Oops.

**Time #3:** My girlfriend started an etsy shop so I had a custom stamp made of her logo. I was excited to surprise her with it and ended up texting her the day it came in: "I have a big surprise for you when you get home!". When she finally got home I told her to close her eyes and put out her hand...Oops.

-------------------------

***TL;DR:*** The Universe gave me the perfect proposal and I shit all over it.


-------------------------

**EDIT #2:** Woah-- She isn't going to leave me...she knows how much karma I bring to the table. No way she's gonna' let ***this*** go.

**EDIT #3:** [She left me.](http://i.imgur.com/dS9Utgw.png)

**EDIT #4:** loljk. Her seeing [stuff like this](http://i.imgur.com/JMtYVgx.png) has warmed her numb little heart more than breaking up with me ever would.

**EDIT #5:** ITT -- People who have never dated a rational human being with a good sense of humor.

**EDIT #6:** We are engaged

**EDIT #7:** Oh, sorry. I accidentally hit **save** too soon. What I meant to say was *"we are engaged in debate over which of the four fuck ups was the worst."*...Oops.

**EDIT #8:** She said yes :)

**EDIT #9:** [BTW](https://www.reddit.com/r/TIDTRT/comments/a7bw2w/tidtrt_by_proposing_to_my_girlfriend/)/nThis was actually several years ago, back when I was a young lad with my super sweet Mitsubishi Galant, a screw off attitude, and a penchant for the opposite sex (so, in other words, your standard dingbat teenager). 

I was heading to a friend's house to dink around, when I had to stop into a gas station to fill up on the way. This station was right on the side of the road, in a smaller residential type area, so it was really easy to pull in, fill up, and get right back out and on your merry way. Just after I pulled up in my stock cherry red Mitsubishi Galant (really can't emphasize enough how normal and unimpressive my car was, even though I thought it was awesome), a stunning blond girl pulled up into the stall opposite mine, and proceeded to start to fill up her gas tank.

Being the ultra cool, super suave teenager that I was, I winked at her, waved a sly little wave and gave her my signature smile. Much to my chagrin, she just chuckled to herself and looked away, obviously not interested. 

So I thought, well-she's going to see exactly what she's missing after I peel out of the gas station, right onto the road, to show her that I am a total badass and someone who, in my stock 4 cylinder Mitsubishi Galant, obviously rides the line between civility and chaos (I know I've heard a comedian comment on this but seriously, I wasn't sure what I expected-that she would run towards my car, waving her hands, asking me to stop because she was so impressed? I dunno, teenage me was really dumb you guys). I hopped into my car, turned on the gas, and high tailed it outta there-and when I got almost to the curb, I heard a loud "WHOMP" followed by a "clang clang clang slap slap" on the right side of my car.

Perplexed, I looked into my right side rear view mirror, to see the pump and most of the hose flapping merrily in the breeze. I stopped immediately, turned around, and drove back into the parking lot, all the while the blond haired goddess was in absolute hysterics, leaning on her car and, I thought I saw, tears rolling down her cheeks.

I took the pump and the hose into the gas station attendant, said "uh... I think this belongs to you guys," and then walked out back to my car (the attendant looked absolutely dumbfounded, like he had just been slapped with a fish). The girl by this time had gotten control of herself, and I winked again as I passed by, as if to say "see the kind of guy you could have had? THIS kind of a guy, who is an obvious idiot!"

To this day, I can't recall a more embarrassing single incident in my life. Thankfully, it was in front of strangers and I of course never went back to that gas station again-but still, I hope you can all feel just a little bit better about yourselves, knowing that (likely) you have never been so brash as to try and destroy a gas pump trying to impress a member of the opposite gender.

TL:DR- my teenage, hormone addled brain forgot to take out the gas pump as I tried to impress an attractive blonde girl by speeding out of the gas station onto the road. She laughed so hard she cried as I took the dangling pump back into the attendant, and shockingly, she STILL wasn't interested in my scrawny, red-galant-driving self!

EDIT: RIP my inbox, my top post of all time is my most embarrassing story. I couldn't be happier! Thanks to all those that have said it made them laugh or smile, that was my original goal, hoping it would be seen by a few folks and brighten their day. So happy it went a little wider! And to those calling me out for being an idiot... yes! That's kind of the point of the story :p/nThis is happening in real time. Complicated situation so apologies for the length.

&#x200B;

I'm a 21 year old trying to get a career in banking. An opportunity came up for an unpaid internship in Singapore. I thought, who wouldn't want to spend a few months in Singapore? New alcohols, criminally cheap massages and Asian food.

The fuckup started when the time came to speak to someone. Leaving the airport I flagged a cab and spent about 5 minutes trying to communicate where my apartment was. It turns out Singaporeans speak 'English'. They know English but they speak it with such a heavy accent and so much slang its indecipherable to a piece of uncultured white trash like me. I've gotten really good at the smiling and nodding technique whenever someone questions me.

It turns out Singapore is ranked the most expensive city to live in the world (via Time Magazine) and there are no cheap massages. I knew it was a major city but I figured there would be some places on the outskirts that were more affordable. I spent the first week eating nothing but McDonalds (thank god the holy arches are all over in this damn world) until I found this little rice/noodle stand that will sell plates for a few bucks. The first day the old Chinese lady who mans the stand thought she could scam the dumb American but after 5 minutes of animated bargaining I got the price down. Way better than McDongholes.

The company I'm interning with apparently ran out of space in their main office so they plopped my ass in a dinky little satellite office. The first week I did some work on a project for them that apparently they didn't like because I have not heard from them for two weeks. I sent a few emails and texts to my contacts (who are at the main office) who just said there is a lot going on for them atm.

To make matters worse I found a friend from America a few days into the trip and we had been having a good time trying local bars out and attempting to flirt with local girls in the evenings. Well a few nights ago we had a bit much to drink and decided it would be a good idea to take a dip in the fountain outside our apartment. After a few minutes of fun, a patrol car flies up and a pair of officers jumps out yelling at us in what might have been English. I booked it without thinking, nothing but my sopping wet boxers. I tried calling my friend after the incident and legitimately have not heard from him for 3 days now.

So now I'm stuck on the other side of the fucking world, no idea what I'm doing here, no real job, the only source of sustenance is a chinese lady with a grudge and my only friend is presumably rotting in a Singaporean dungeon.

&#x200B;

TL;DR - I took an internship in Singapore, can't understand anyone, my company ghosted me, and my only friend was taken by the cops.

Edit 1: Yes everyone. I realize I'm an uncultured American swine. If there are any local girls willing to educate me, I'll be at the local mcdonalds.

Edit 2: Shit guys, half the TIFU reddit lives in Singapore apparently. For the record: I love prime minister Lee and all of you for offering to help. The internet can be wholesome sometimes./nThis is probably my sisters favourite memory from us growing up. This all happened when I was about 4 or 5 years old. I had had a scary dream and was having trouble sleeping, so I went to my parents room and crawled into my mums bed without her noticing, and fell asleep.

When my mum woke up, she flicked her blanket off, covering me, and went downstairs to the kitchen. After a while of me not surfacing, she went looking for me in my room and couldn't find me. Panicked, she starts searching every room in the house, and turning up empty each time. No sign of me in the garden, and no sign of me out the front. The whole family have now started running around checking every possible spot a tiny person could get into, getting progressively more and more worried by the second.

My mum's room was pretty bare, and I guess the heaped blanket on top of me showed no infant outline, and so they kept missing my comatose body.

After a few hours, the police were round, filling in a missing person's report and taking all possible identifying details. I wish I could remember everyone's reactions when sleepy u/roodeeMental walks downstairs into a room full of super stressed out and concerned people, but my sister tells me it was one of the best things she ever got to witness. My mother was a flood of every emotion, and the police were glad I was fine. I was confused, but not nearly as much as everyone else. That day my family learnt how bad they are at hide and seek, and what I am able to sleep through. 

Tl;dr: fell asleep in my mums bed unbeknownst to her. When she woke up, the blanket covered me, and she couldn't find me, resulting in the police being called. /nSo this fuck up happened a few nights ago, and I’m still in pain.

So in less than two years my husband and I have had two beautiful and very big babies. They’re adorable and I love them so much, but our sex life became very sparse due to my lack of libido (thanks breastfeeding) and the major fact that my body took a major hit from carrying 10lb babies back to back. 

So late one night whilst browsing Amazon, I came across [this massager wand](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B01GXONRK6/ref=mp_s_a_1_16_a_it?ie=UTF8&qid=1520447056&sr=8-16&keywords=massager+wand) . I looked at the reviews and found that it was useful for sore muscles and several women claimed it was great for other regions of use for pleasure. I thought maybe this is what I needed to get my sex drive back in motion. 

So fast forward to last night, and I start to use this wand on my clit and notice that its a little too intense, so I turned down the speed, but that was even more intense as it felt like a harder vibration and started to really hurt. I put it back up to the highest vibration and kept it there as it did start to feel good, but also still hurt. Well my husband and I start having sex while I’m still using this thing and IT. FEELS. AMAZING. After 20 or so “yes yes yes yes” ‘s we both finished and I staggered off to the bathroom to clean the wand.

And that’s when I saw it, blood all over the head of the wand. I start to panic, then I inspect my clitoral area and find the skin on and around my clit is busted open. I’m crying while blotting it with toilet paper and asking myself why I ever bothered with this stupid wand. Now I’m in pain and too embarrassed to phone a doctor about it.


tl/dr: Ignored pain a massager wand caused me, busted skin on and around my clit open. 

Edit: Well shit, this kind of blew up! 

Edit: Thank you for all the (mostly) kind words! I’ve never had so much love put upon my clit before 😂 

Edit: Originally posted this the other day, but it was removed due to the “weekend rule” so I saved it and resubmitted on the weekend, and forgot I put “fast forward to last night.” 

Edit: Front Page! For my clit.....from my clit? I’m tired, going to bed now! Thank you so much guys and gals! 

Final Edit: Thank you for the gold, kind stranger! And thank you to most of you that have been so kind! To the others, well, I’m not a fat slob pig 😂 sorry to disappoint you! /nLike many, I gifted my family with 23 & Me DNA testing kits. Unlike the typical TIFU's for the kits involving previously unknown infidelity and adoptions, my family was secure in knowing there'd be none of that.

&#x200B;

But then we got to the surveys. Oh, dear god, the surveys! 23 & Me asks you to register your kits online. Fine. Then they ask you to answer some questions. Sure. We can do that. ...Or so we thought.

&#x200B;

Well, 2 hours later, we were still at it. Apparently we have answered more questions than 87% of 23 & Me participants. I can see why.  But my family is too stubborn to quit before we are done. All post-dinner activities fell by the wayside.

&#x200B;

At one point, early on they asked about marital status. Then MUCH later, they asked again. A little note popped up onscreen saying, "It looks like you have answered this before. Still look good?"  My spouse looked at me and said, "Well, at least they know their survey is long. They are asking if, during the time it has taken to get this far in the survey, we have had time to re-think our marriage!"

&#x200B;

TLDR: 23&Me online survey portion took over our Christmas for hours, and may never end.../nSo this happened a month ago and it's one of the most embarrassing dating stories I have and it still haunts me and may haunt me forever.

&#x200B;

Alright so first date with a girl off a dating app we're vibing pretty hard and there's some sexual flirtation and environmental foreshadowing (2 slugs at the table we were drinking at were humping) so I try to figure out delicately with words if we gonna bonk and she blushes and says 'next time' then gives me an irresistible look that confirms she isn't kidding about next time. Butttt I'm in her town and the last train home for me is about 11pm. I suggest I leave to walk back to the train stations around 10:30, she convinces me to stay a bit longer and that she'll call me one of the local taxis to get me back to the station. Alright every single taxi company she calls has no free cars and I realise I'm stuck 30 miles from home at midnight with a girl I just met who is profusely apologising and blaming herself. My horny immoral mind realises I can salvage something. I say I'll just get a hotel but on the way there she keeps apologising and ends up inviting me back to her place to make up for it.

I'm very aware she probably didn't want to have sex considering she said "next time." As we're standing in her room awkwardly avoiding the fact it was time to get into bed I'm forced to ask the awkward question - "so do you sleep with all your clothes on or? i normally sleep in my underwear." She told me to go ahead so I undressed and got into her bed before she got in - fully clothed. We cuddle for a bit then share a glance and my temptations begin to kick in. I thanked her for letting me stay even though it wasn't her original plan, but told her that I really wanted to kiss her. The kiss became making out, and she was VERY intense and touchy and I honestly couldn't tell what she wanted. It was driving me crazy so I thought I might as well try my chances, moved my hand slowly down her waist and of course she stopped me. "Not tonight." She was an amazing kisser and I couldn't stop thinking about it all night.

So I lay there pressed up against her cuddling for 7 hours, unable to sleep the whole time, boner poking out of my underwear trying my hardest to make sure she doesn't notice. I am 100% sure I have never been hornier in my life. I was erect for at least 80% of the 7 hours and my balls started to viscously ache by hour 3. I feel like it's immoral to even say this but every time she readjusted her sleeping position and slightly brushed my crotch it was the sweetest torture. We were only spooning but her fully clothed body felt so good, every time I started falling asleep I realised my hands were wondering places they shouldn't, so I stopped trying to fall asleep altogether.

Around 7am I can tell she's starting to wake up because she's moving her hands around my back etc. She opens her eyes and looks at me with a seductive smile that once again made me wonder what the fuck is going through her head. The body touching slowly gets more intense and I realised I had a genuine problem - it feels like I'm actually getting sexual pleasure from simple caressing. I've never had a problem with premature ejaculation but spending hours upon hours sharing a bed with a girl I just met, hornier than I'd ever been had made me hypersensitive. The problem is confirmed when her hand explores new territory and brushes the skin just below my belly button and I literally have to recoil backwards. "What's wrong?" she asks me. I decide to just come out and nervously say "I've been laying here awake horny as fuck for 7 hours. And NOW you're all handsy." She said she was horny too and wanted it but has a first date rule. I was about to say that's classy and respectable or something when she leans in and starts making out with me and grinding. The way she kissed I started to lose it and I realised there was no way I could have sex with her because I wouldn't last very long.

That was an understatement. She started to lift up my underwear strap with her fingers, about to delve deeper when it happened. Nothing was currently touching my penis at the time. I ejaculated from being touched a few inches below my belly button. Like really hard too. I couldn't hide it as I twitched about everywhere. She was obviously pretty surprised.

She seemed understanding and seemed heartfelt when she said she had a good time and wanted to see me again - but well she stopped replying and I guess I know why.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Lay in bed with girl on first date horny as fuck and unable to sleep for 7 hours then when she changed her mind in the morning and got touchy I nut with no direct stimulation. This is one of the most embarrassing stories in my life and the fact it ruined what was a really nice date with a nice girl still fucks me up.

&#x200B;

EDIT: Alright I don't know whether I like the fact that this post blew up but I kind of half knew as I shamefully walked out of her house that this would make a strong TIFU post and I guess I was right. I messaged her today asking her to be honest if she stopped responding because of the morning thing. She said it was because I didn't message her for a week then asked her if she wanted to come over. I messaged her the same day a few hours after I left thanking her for a nice time and that I was hoping to see her again. I figured if she wanted to talk she would start a convo and my approach to dating is don't be the person who always starts convos - and the fact she didn't start one gave me the idea that she wasn't much of a texter which is cool. Apparently I was supposed to text her throughout the week. No way I could have known that and I don't see why it's on me to do that. She said the fact I asked her to come over offended her and that I thought she was easy. So yeah not my kinda girl anyway if she has those kinds of insecurities about sex and presumes that I know she wants to be texted a lot./nI don't usually open doors for anyone, but recently I've been trying to be more chivalrous because thats fucking awesome.  What better way than opening the car door for my sweet mom?  I park the car like a boss, turn it off like a light switch, get out like I'm about to finish, go to her door like a graceful gentleteen, and open it.  What I saw was my portal to this world.  She was in a dress, full on Commando.  She didn't notice that I noticed, but I noticed that I noticed, and I didn't want to notice that I noticed.  But I did.  Now I'm scarred.

TL;DR:  Spawn point located.

&nbsp;

Edit:

**Some Q&A**

Is she hot?
&nbsp;

She's my mom and I'm not into Wincest, sorry bros.  (That's a no)

&nbsp;

How's the trimmings?
&nbsp;

Didn't see it long enough to notice, and glad it's that way.

&nbsp;

Continuing the Chivalry?
&nbsp;

Yeah, of course!

&nbsp;

Also thanks for the laughs you guys provided, I hope you all have a great day!

&nbsp;

Edit 2: Thank you to /u/ftp411 for the narration!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EAomz_wJ0QI/nHappened a couple of hours ago. 

I’ve been playing this game I stumbled across recently. 
You know the ones, free, highly addictive, but jam packed full of advertising. 

Anyhows, I thought I was an absolute champion when I scored 34 earlier today. The first thing I thought of was boasting to my boy when he came home from pre school since he likes the game too. I was all in his face like “I’m the Game King”.  

I figured my 5 year old had no chance of beating my score as the highest I’d seen him get was a measly 21 - and he fluked it, so I told him I’d give him $100 (Australian) if he could beat my score. 

Never underestimate the power of a huge financial incentive. I heard uncontrollable laughter about 15 minutes later. Sure enough the little guy had cracked my high score. 38. 

Parents of Reddit will understand you can’t go back on your word with children. His piggy bank just got $100 fatter and I’ve had to put up with “I’m pretty good aren’t I Dad?!”  :)

TL;DR Got cocky, told my boy I’d give him a $100 if he beat my high score. He did. Never underestimate children and the power of a financial incentive. 


Edit: understandably my original post was removed by mod. Made some small changes so it didn’t appear that I was an advertising genius. 

/nSlightly anticipated update from the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/aorggk/tifu_by_increasing_my_age_range_on_tinder/?utm_source=reddit-android

tl;dr from the above post: I increased the age range on gay tinder, finding one of my brothers best friends, accidentally superlike him, potentially outing me to my entire family

Here we go:

What a wild ride it has been, an agonizing two days of slight discomfort.
Since the last post, I took some redditors' advice, and sent him a message saying:
"I accidentally sent you a superlike on tinder, oops", in turn owning the fact I was looking at guys his age.
He's active, but doesn't reply; I start to panic, thinking that maybe it wasn't him who I saw on tinder.

The next hour of wait is painful, until i receive a "HAHAHAHA don't even worry man!!"

Holy shit. Phew.

The conversation continued, and we discussed how shook we both were to see eachother, a conversation I visualise* as the two spidermen pointing at each other. As it turns out, Barry only recently accepted that he's gay, and his parents are still struggling with the concept.
Barry said he'd never been able to discuss any of his feelings or experiences with anyone bc he doesn't really have any gay friends, so it's actually really fortunate what happened. 

It seems like we both gained a gay friend.

To everyone who commented on the first post that he wouldn't out me, thank you! you were right! He didn't tell a soul, and since he's not fully out himself, he said that he would never take that away from me :)))

To those asking about the wedding, no date is planned just yet, but I'll post a 10 year update, in like, 10 years.


Tl;dr: my "fuck up" of superliking my brother's friend resulted in me gaining a kind and trusty friend who I can now approach anytime :)

Also can we appreciate how fucking lucky I am? This ended up as the best case scenario out of them all. 

Thank you TIFU community for helping me through a very stressful time and giving me something special :') /nTL;DR I didn't under stand what a girl was asking me so I ended up telling her most intimate secrets to a room full of guys  


Ok so this was actually some time ago back in 2005 but I figured it belongs here.  


I was in highscool and devil may cry 3 had just come out. I didnt have a console to play on but was an avid fan of the series so i asked my very popluar friend Fidde if I could come hang out in his student pad and play it on his ps2 to wich he agreed. awesome! So we get there, I'm happily mashing buttons when some of his also very popular friends show up and they decide to head to the supermarket for some snacks and drinks. So I am left all alone in the small apartment, happily playing videogames when suddenly the doorbell rings.  


"thats odd" I thought to myself. they have the key. maybe they're carrying stuff? the bell rings again so I go over to the dor and open it up and find a girl standing there with her eyes all red and bawled out, the faint smell of beer on her breath.  


"Is fidde in?" she asked timidly.  
"Uh no sorry, but he'll be right back, he's at the store" I told her  
"Uhm ok" she paused then asked if it would be ok for her to come inside and wait. I didn't see a problem with that so I let her in and went back to the game.

only a minute or so passed before she tried talking to me. she sheepishly explained that she was unhappy about some stuff and that she'd really like if she had someone to talk to. I wanted to be a gentleman but I also wanted to play the game so I end up lending her an ear going "mhm", and "ah , yeah" every now and then but lord have mercy on me because she decided to not only tell her lifes story but also reveal som rather private and embarrasing things she'd done.

Turns out she was having relationship problems, she was in love with a guy that her friend then started dating so to get back at her in some way she started going out with her friends ex but since she was unhappy about it she had sought comfort from her old friendzoned guyfriend who she ended up hooking up with but he then confessed that the ex that she was currently dating was still in love with her friend and a friend of her crush had told him that her crush was actually into her and not her friend who he was currently dating. and then she told me that she had been unhappy because of that and been drinking alot and ended up hooking up with some more guys that she regretted now. there were probably more details but that was the gist of it.

Now I have this ability to retain short term information well if I am playing a mindless game while listening so while she was talking everything she said was imprinted in my memory to the very last detail and halfway in I realised the every single one of those guys that she mentioned were at the store with Fidde. 

She went to the fridge and brought out a beer bottle and asked me if I thought Fidde would be okay with her having it. Confident that he wouldnt mind I said "sure, why not"

Halfway into her bottle the party came back all suprised to see this girl with me. There was a certain akwardness in the room and I understood why but I didn't really care. Chad and stacy problems weren't my problems.

After everybody said hi and settled down just haning out she leaned over to me from her chair and said "Uhm, could you tell'em please?"

I pause the game, confused, could she really mean what she was saying?  
"Are you sure?" I asked with a serious look on my face. surely all that stuff would just be way to embarassing for anyone to know, but then again she did tell me, maybe she just needed help coming clean? yeah that made sense.

"OK then" I said and cleard my throat and turned to the room.

"Uh yeah excuse me everyone, Louise here asked me to tell you all that..."

I proceeded to recite her story, being careful to include important details and give an as fair and informative version as possible of her ramblings.

A couple of sentences in, her face turned bright red and her head fell into her hands as she covered her face.

When I was done monolouging for 5 minutes straight there was an intensely akward silence as everybody stared in disbelief

"Did I get everything?" I asked her

"Noo!" she whined through her hands, "about the beer I took from the fridge!"  


We all died that day, guts busted beyond repair from laughing so hard. One kid fell to the floor and couldn't get up for an hour. On the bright side, having all that cleared up solved her problems so although embarrasing, it all worked out in the end./nLet me start this off by saying my girlfriend and I have been dating for almost a month now and she has told me many times about how she has been bullied at school for her looks and how much she weighs, I don't really understand where it comes from because I think she looks great. Well today I was talking to her on snapchat and my mom looks at my phone and asks who im talking to I reply it's my girlfriend, she proceeds to say "Wow she really isn't cute" my mom didn't know that she was able to be heard saying that and my girlfriend went dead silent and ended the call. I've tried to message her many times and she won't respond and ive explained that I love you way she looks and I love her personality and she won't respond anymore. It's been about 45 minutes since this happened and I feel horrible for it, I'm going to just let her be alone for a while and hope she will atleast talk to me.

TLDR; My mom looked over my sholder while talking to my girlfriend and said she was ugly now my girlfriend won't respond to any of my texts and I feel horrible.


Edit: I talked to my mom and things got very emotional very quickly as she soon realized had made a mistake with what she said and began crying, I had to assure her everything was going to be ok with me but im really not sure what is going to happen in my relationship ill be sure to update this post tomorrow for those who are curious in how this ends up

Edit 2: I just finished talking to my girlfriend and it seems everything is going to be ok though she rightfully has a new found resentment towards my mother, she is just very stressed out right now with a lot of things and im glad that she at least talked to me after being on the phone with my sister for about an hour./nI often play a game with my son where we have a martial arts duel with various fruits and vegetables. For example, i'd be throwing grapes as if they were ninja stars, and he'd be defending with a cucumber samurai sword. It's just one of those strange family traditions I guess. 

Anyway, last night I was preparing dinner and enjoying a few glasses of wine. I felt in my element chopping potatoes when suddenly I was struck in the side of my face by a celery stick. I jumped around in battle mode while letting out a war cry. Unfortunately I didn't put my knife down before this flailing maneuver and ended up slicing my son's hand open. He screamed, I screamed. The doctor reported me to child services. 

EDIT: I'm his mother for goodness' sake. 






/nSo today I was hanging out at my neighbors house just talking and getting to know each other. They're pretty chill and I really felt like this would lead to a great friendship.

After a couple hours of banter I started feeling my gate to the nether weakening and I knew it was time to go make a deposit into the toilet so I politely asked to go to the bathroom, a completely normal thing to do right?

They informed me that the light in there was broken so I was just like whatever I'll use my phone as a flashlight to make sure no brown substances were remaining on my crevice.

I go in there and Im just going through the routine, browsing reddit, trying to make my bowel movements quiet as possible, yall know the drill. However once I reached the wiping phase, my life changed.

I commenced the first wipe like usual, checked it out with the light, I knew I'd definitely need to do some more rounds. After a few wipes, the scariest moment of my life occured.

My flashlight lit up the toilet paper and what I saw made me feel fear unimaginable by the human psyche until felt firsthand. I saw a black snake like creature wrapped around my hand, and my brain immediately thought I was infected with some kinda anal superworm.

I let out a bloodcurling shriek. One that you'd hear in the depths of hell. In my instinct driven spasm I somehow broke the toilet seat and my ass fell into the fucking toilet. I was in a primal state I can't even explain. I was desperately flaying my body around like a dying fish trying to find this ass demon but I couldn't find it anywhere.

My neighbors were extremely worried thinking I was dying of a heart attack/seizure/stroke in their bathroom, but I didn't give two shits. My inards were being harvested by some kinda alien species, why the fuck would I care what they think?

After about 45 seconds of searching for the little shit I started coming to my senses. If there really was something living in my anus, where the fuck did it go? Then I looked down, and felt the worst embarrassment in my entire life.

The black, slithering, slimy, snake like worm wasn't a parasite, it was my hoodie string. I just destroyed my neighbor's toliet, screamed caveman like shouts, and threw my body around like a retarded octopus, over a fucking hoodie string.

My neighbor's concerned voice turned into a "WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING IN THERE???" At this point and I was speechless. I tried to muster up some kind of explanation but I could only mutter "Im...Im so...sor....sorry." I was scared to open the door, but I knew it had to be done.

I opened it to see the faces of a family that won a free trip to a zoo, but got tricked into going to an insane asylum. They just stared at me. I just stared back while covered in shit water and a face of a man who survived the Holocaust.

I didn't know what to say so I just muttered "I'll see myself out." and they didn't even respond. I silently waddled out the door and walked to my house with a broken soul.

I feel terrible. I broke their toilet and obviously need to compensate them for the damages, but I dont know if I can ever see them again without having horrible flashbacks. I truly am a lost man. I will never be the same.

TL;DR I thought my hoodie string was a parasite from my anus and broke my neighbors toliet./nTIFU when

Ok so I got back from the movies seeing lion king and I needed to shower but I’m also in a funk so I wanted to smoke and drink coffee so I thought let’s do a bath. 

Then I remembered I move out this week and I have like loads of excess bath products that it doesn’t make sense for me to move so I should just dump them all in the tub to generate some fantastical bubble wonderland. 


Wrong, 3 half conditionors, a bottle of Irish spring and like a bunch of shampoo do not make a bubble bath but it’s fine because it smells nice and I like the bubbles that are there. 


However, 


I went to get out and I stepped on the mat to drip for a second but I really wanted my coffee which was on the counter (dumb fuck me for not putting it closer to the tub) 

so anyway I take a small step on the shitty college apartment tile and fucking boom my well lubed body slid so hard and I did a split and slammed my foot into the door which would have really hurt if my fat ass didn’t transform into a fucking bouncy ball launching me back up only to slide slideways this time knocking my cooter on the floor corner of the sink counter. 

At first I couldn’t tell if I was bleeding but looks like it’s just a poo stain and severe bruising from the sole fact my ass just bent in ways Gumby couldn’t even do stamping a skid mark on the tile. 


Fuck me for trying to have a relaxing day 

TLDR I ripped my butthole and pooed on the floor after being depressed about the new lion king by slipping on the floor after a soppy bath

UPDATE

EDIT 1: I am a female.... logistics: I did a split with one leg in the front, other in the back (that’s what did the ripping/bruising). Then I slid cooter first into the corner of the cabinet of my small bathroom, that’s how this all happened. 

Also, this was my first reddit post so thanks for all the gold and upvotes, means a lot to me and my bootyhole at this time./nThis happened a few hours ago and I'm still dealing with the aftermath.

Typically, I'm a morning person, but I couldn't sleep last night due to stress from work, etc, so I took a few unisom to help me doze off. Fine, nothing out of the ordinary. I wake up this morning, feeling like the grouchiest asshole this side of the Atlantic. My wife and 10yo daughter are fighting about some dumb thing or another, which is an all day/every day thing as of late. All I want to do is make a cup of tea and smoke a cigarette, but everybody seems hellbent on getting in my way and stressing me out first thing in the morning. The screaming match wakes up my 2yo son, adding to the stress. He starts crying. The water in the kettle starts boiling. I'm pissed off because not  only did I wake up to a mild approximation of the Battle of Normandy after getting very little actual sleep, but we're out of tea, my mug is missing, the unisom hadn't fully worn off (that stuff makes me extremely irritable), and to top it off, I can smell shit. I was ready to flip the fuck out.

The Fuck Up:

I ask my wife if she'd mind cutting out the screaming match and just take our daughter to school, and pick up a box of Tips on the way back, but she ignores me. My daughter bolts out the front door like a horse in a thunderstorm. My son had stopped crying, but absolutely did not want to have his diaper changed. He starts running away, laughing, having a blast. I finally catch him, but getting him to lie still was all but impossible. When I finally manage to get him onto the changing mat, he starts kicking me repeatedly in the face and chest. I lose it, hold down his little legs, undo the velcro-ish straps, and...fling the shitty diaper as hard as I could across the room. It took a moment for my sleep-deprived mind to realize what I've done, and when it finally catches up, I turn around and see an arc of shit across the ceiling  (a *popcorn* ceiling, no less), ending in a Jackson Pollock of shit all over the wall and my TV. To top it off, by the time I turned back around, the poopy-butt toddler is gone. I find him sitting in his brand new car seat, eating peanut butter with his bare hands.

I ended up calling out, so I could clean up the *SHIT* and not go to prison for murdering someone at work.

Tl;dr: Couldn't sleep, took sleeping pills that make me irritable, woke up to utter chaos, lost my temper while trying to change a diaper, flung a shitty diaper across the room resulting in a disgusting modern art masterpiece across the ceiling and wall./nThis literally happened tonight. 

&#x200B;

So, last Monday, I got a vasectomy (my wife and I came to the conclusion that there are already more than enough people in the world). Per doctor's orders, I wasn't able to ejaculate for the first week. 

  
Fast forward to today, and it's been six full days. I'm now hornier than an incel walking past a Victoria's Secret . The wife and I decide to give it a try in the bedroom. After an attempt at traditional intercourse proves to be short lived because my nether buddies are still too sore, my wife comes up clutch. I take a quick shower and we quickly go at it again. This time, she goes down on me. Normally, I have a hard time cumming from just a blow job, but I was so pent up that I erupt after about 2 minutes. My wife, being the superstar that she is, initially takes it like a champ. Then, after time seems to stand still for a moment, she spews out huge glob after huge glob of a blood red semen concoction onto my stomach. I look at it in abject horror for a second, and then say aloud, "oh yeah, I read that could happen". Wife is briefly exasperated, "you couldn't have remembered that a minute ago", but ends up taking the whole thing magnanimously.

&#x200B;

Fortunately, this fuck up didn't have any serious consequences, other than the emotional trauma associated with seeing your wife spit out your bloody semen. 

&#x200B;

TLDR - Had a vascectomy last week, got a BJ from the wife today, and shot a bloody mess into her mouth tonight.  

Edit - Thanks for the silver! Also, the number of of comments implying my wife's bf will buy me a Switch makes me feel like a chump for spending my own money on one. Incels are weird.

Edit 2 - Now a gold. You're all awesome!/nMy girlfriend and I had been out late partying last night, and woke up pretty late in the day. We were pretty darn hungry and it was around lunch time, so we figured it was a perfect opportunity to head over to Golden Corral and pig out. After we finished stuffing our faces, we did as one does at a buffet, and smuggled out something snacky. So I filled up a bowl of those orange-slice gummy candies, brought it back to the table, wrapped some napkins around the pile, and stuffed it in a pocket for later.

As I'm driving us home I start slowly munching my way through them. I get through about 6 or 7 of them and I start to feel a bit off. I smack my lips a bit and say "man, why does my mouth feel so dry?". My girlfriend looks at me funny.

"you good?"

"yeah... I dont know, I feel really...off?"

I glance over and she is now looking very concerned. I suddenly realize my mistake.

"Ohhhhh. Fuck."

"Fuck??? what do you mean? what?"

"I'm allergic to these! I forgot."

"YOU WHAT"

Now to me this wasn't *that* big of a deal. I'm allergic to some ingredient in certain gummy candies. I've never found out exactly what. Jelly beans and gummy worms are ok, mike and ikes and any of those fruit slice ones are not. Its not that bad of a reaction. My tongue swells a little, my mouth and throat get super dry making me incredibly thirsty, and I get a bit light headed. I would probably have to eat a lot to end up in the hospital. This isn't even the first time I've forgotten and eaten a type I'm allergic too. 

The problem is that somehow, in the 2 years we have been together, its just never come up.

My girlfriend starts freaking out, thinking I'm going to need to go to the ER, worrying that I'm about to pass out while driving us, and I'm trying to explain that 'its not that bad'.

It doesn't help that I'm also giggling a bit over the silliness of forgetting I'm allergic to something. I finally get her to calm down a bit. Chugging massive amounts of water when we got home probably did not help her concern but it wasn't until about an hour later that she stopped staring me down, expecting me to die any second. 

But hey at least now she knows. Any time I go for any gummy candy now, she swoops in and makes sure its a type I know is safe. She also tells the story any time allergies come up in conversation.

&#x200B;

tldr; somehow in the 2 years we were together i never mention my allergy. i forget it, eat something i'm allergic to. when i mention thats what I just did, my girlfriend panics because she doesn't know its not that serious of an allergy./nMe and my boss have a pretty great relationship. Lots of banter, elaborate practical jokes- it makes the working environment a much better place. Between us, that is. 

I'm the only one to have that kind of back-and-forth with him. All my colleagues (much older Polish men who generally don't speak English very well, save for one or two who act as translators) he's always brusque and professional. The Polish workers are the first at the factory and the last to leave, so he often writes hand-written instructions for the work they have to complete; as such, they're familiar with his handwriting, a fact which will become important later on.

This morning, whilst making myself and my colleague Piotr a cup of tea as he operated a machine, my boss comes into the canteen. Piotr brings in his own tea. It's some kind of special infusion citrus aroma thing, it smells nice, lots of pictures of flowers on the outside, pretty expensive stuff. My boss asks me whose tea it is. 

I could have told him it was Piotr's and that would have been the end of it. But, for reasons inexplicable even to myself, I found myself telling him it was mine. Perhaps I knew that he would crack a few jokes over it and wanted some early morning entertainment. Maybe my brain was still only half-awake and it was a genuine mistake. Whatever the cause, I found myself claiming ownership, and- as expected- received a barrage of well-meaning abuse. I chuckled, put the tea back and returned outside with a cup for myself and for Piotr.

What I will now tell you I have managed to piece together through talking to others, my own detective work, and some natural deduction. At lunchtime Piotr and two of his friends were crowded around the cupboard in the canteen, all talking animatedly. Piotr was shouting whilst his friends seemed to be trying to placate him. It seems that my boss, believing the tea to be mine, took it upon himself to tape the following label to the tin:

https://imgur.com/a/TQkCa

Now my boss telling me this was a simple expression meaning he thought it was ridiculous tea. Due to a cruel twist of fate, however, Piotr- the tea’s true owner- is a homosexual who it seems had left his last job due to cruel and constant taunting over his sexual orientation. He believed the expression ‘shove it up your arse’ to be targeted at his homosexuality. It seems he went on a rant in Polish, questioning which of his friends told our boss, asking how dare he put that on his tea, declaring that simply because he was gay did not mean that he took pleasure from throwing anything he could get his hands on up there. The more he shouted, the angrier he got, until he stormed from the building into his car to eat his lunch alone.

This is yet another cruel twist of fate, leading me to wonder whether all these coincidences really weren’t coincidences after all but some kind of cosmic joke beyond my understanding. Last night Piotr had bought himself a bottle of Krupnik, a Polish alcohol, on his way home from work and had forgotten to take it out of his car. As such it remained when he entered for his lunch, and in his anger and frustration he decided one drink couldn’t hurt and before he knew it the man was inebriated. My boss, out of the factory at lunchtime to buy himself fish and chips, was unaware of the events unfolding.

Immediately after lunch Piotr was needed on the forklift. This I wasn’t witness to, but it seems as soon as the vehicle lurched backwards some people guessed what had happened and ran to stop him; alas, it was too late. All I heard was a tremendous crash that echoed around the factory, and running out found that the forklift had careered into- and straight through- the factory doors. 

Piotr has walked out of the factory in a rage and hasn’t returned since. My boss, learning what had happened, is now looking for me, furious and in need of a scapegoat. I am currently hiding in the toilets and will remain here until the end of the day. 

Tl;dr I told my boss I owned some tea which wasn’t mine, he left a note telling me to shove it up my arse, a gay Polish man took it as discrimination, got drunk and crashed a forklift through the factory doors, completely destroying them.



UPDATE: With little left to do today anyway I have slunk out of the back door unnoticed and driven home. Some may call this cowardly: those people would be correct. There is another reason I didn't go talk to my boss and Piotr, though. When I left the toilets I could hear them having a screaming match along with one of Piotr's friends in the canteen. With my boss so angry and feeling guilty, he may well have fired me in front of the other workers; being a proud man, I think it would then be very unlikely for him to take me back. I'm leaving in 6 weeks anyway, but I need that next paycheck! Anyway, it'll be safer to talk in the morning.

Here's a picture of the ruined door since covered up by plasterboard. I've blacked out details of the company I work for.

http://imgur.com/a/8mF0a



FINAL UPDATE: Okay, so thankfully things seem to have gone swimmingly. Coming into work this morning my boss called me into his office. Instead of a tirade, I apologised for him and started to explain, and he cut me off with an apology of his own. It was literally like a 'I'm sorry' 'no I'M sorry!' type thing after which we both laughed and patted each other on the back. Turns out he came to an agreement with Piotr after figuring out what had happened- Piotr will stay, on the understanding that if there's one step out of line he's out, and he's not going to take my boss's note any further. The forklift accident will go down as simply an accident. He has since offended another person during the day, but as that is not my fuck up the story will remain untold. Thank you all for your kind support- I'll remember the advice when something like this inevitably happens again./nSo this all happened in June, and I’m only writing about it now because the situation just got solved.

As the broke college student I am I found a website that offered me money for my notes about classes and old exams that I have taken, extremely simply procedure that consists of simply uploading PDFs on the web, categorizing them, and then getting a payment on my paypal. I think “Great! I make money and I can help kids seeing what to expect on the exam by seeing the old ones”. 

The fact that I scanned all my exams and kept them in my Google Drive to have them as possible study material made the whole process easier. I upload 5 documents from my Organic Chemistry class and get paid $25, I figure that I might as well do it for all the classes, more money to buy alcohol you know?

In the span of a couple days I upload about 120 documents for subjects such as OChem, Physics, Calculus that span from old exams to notes to summaries about the whole class, pretty much my old study materials. I get a couple hundred bucks and go buy my, at the time, well deserved booze.

Fast forward a month, and I have just given all my finals, got my 4.0 this term and I am happily preparing to go back home. I wake up one morning with an email from my email professor informing me that due to the content I uploaded he is gonna fail me in the class even if I passed it with an A. 
I immediately panic, I start freaking out.
To make matters worse, I get an email from my Physics professor with the same exact content, failing the class even though I passed it.

Now I am actually freaking the fuck out, I am an international student in the US so now I’m scared my visa is gonna get cancelled and that I am a dead man.

Next day I receive an email from the Director of Student Affairs asking to meet me to discuss the question. I’m hoping he will just give me a slap on the wrist and tell me to not do it again. I meet him and after a two hour meeting he informs me that most likely I will be expelled from the school, not allowing me to enroll at the university I was transferring to and ultimately revoking my visa. I get home and have an absolute breakdown, I can’t tell my parents because they will fucking disown me so I have this weight on my back that’s literally killing me. 

However, the decision wasn’t final so the Director asks to meet me again the next week. Every day that passes it becomes worse. I don’t know what to do with myself. I have so much shit going one that I start having suicidal thoughts, I am at the lowest point of my life (I’ve been lucky enough to never have experienced any real problems).
The day comes and the fucking Director tells me that he will not give me a final decision today and that he will contact me via email, due to the fact that I am leaving to go back to my home country and won’t be in the States to personally see him.

I fly back home, and after approximately three days I get an email informing me that I have been suspended for the summer term, I have a 2500 word paper about Academic Integrity and my GPA has been lowered to a 1.0 for the term. However, I will be able to transfer to the University I was planning to go and I will get to keep my academic scholarship. 
Additionally, I have to write a paper of 2500 words about academic integrity that includes interview to two professors along with some other assignments that will be communicated me later.

Fast forward a couple of months and I am currently on a plane flying towards my new college, with a hue weight off my shoulders.


tl;dr I uploaded old college exams on the internet, went from a 4.0 to a 1.0 for the term, nearly got expelled and deported. 

EDIT: I forgot to add that I had to remove all the documents I uploaded, only way to do so was refunding the company that paid me via PayPal. So overall, I didn’t end up earning one cent.

EDIT 2: Holy fuck this blew up way more than I expected.

I’ve been getting a lot of mixed reactions, people feeling bad for what happened (which they shouldn’t) and people ripping my asshole apart (rightfully so).

Just to specify a few things that I might have gone over too quickly. 
The exams were semester old exams/weeks old, as I wanted to make sure nobody could benefit from the uploads as they would have been required to already take it.
Secondly my GPA for the term was lowered to a 1.0, this impacted my overall GPA a tiny bit but I was still
able to secure an academic scholarship at the university I transferred to.

I didn’t post it the TIFU with the purpose of saying “Fuck my College they are a bunch of douchebags”, it was more with the intent to show how little, at the time meaningless, actions can fuck up your future, big time.
Especially because I just assumed I would be able to do in the US things that I used to do in high school back at home.

I am grateful to the school for the course of action they took, as I know that things could have been way way worse.

You live and you learn.
/nThis just happened. My 4yo son wanted me to carry him to bed. I obliged as I often do. Also often I tell him he's getting so big that some day I won't be able to carry him. But today was different. Inspired by one of the most memorable posts I've read here, as I laid him down I said "one day, unknown to either you or me I will put you down never to pick you up again."

I thought it was going to go right past him like when I say he's getting too big for me to carry. Instead, he looked at me from his bed, tears welling up in his eyes, and said in a quiet little voice, "Daddy, that's so sad."

I lost it.

We both wept for about an hour until I held his little hand as he fell asleep./nHappened yesterday... My daughter is 2 (well, will be at the weekend). For Christmas, she got a wooden kitchen and has been enjoying lots of pretend play; cooking, washing up, all the shit you do in the kitchen. 

We’ve been encouraging her to wash her hands regularly in readiness for potty training, and yesterday she was using her pretend ketchup bottle as soap and washing her hands in her little sink. This soon became washing mummy’s hands. 

I was merrily stretched out on the floor having a chilled 5 minutes while she occupied herself running to the sink and ‘getting some water’ then coming back to wash my hands. Then she decided to wash my feet. My tickle reflex booted in and I kicked her right in the face, really fucking hard. Luckily it hasn’t bruised but we had lots of tears and she had a big red patch in the middle of her forehead. 

Mother of the year right here but I guess it could have been much worse!

TL;DR - daughter was pretending to wash my feet and it tickled me so I booted her square in the face. 

Edit: It’s remarkable how many people thought it was her dad as they read this. <Insert something poignant about sexism / gender roles here>/nActually happened a few years ago; using a throwaway because I still work with some of those people...

I was living in south-east Asia back then, and I was regretting to have moved so far away from home (I'm from Europe) for a job I didn’t like. One evening my manager took me out for drinks and we got quite hammered. Around midnight we said goodbye and I took a cab home, where I signed on Skype and started chatting with a friend living in Barcelona. He told me how much he loved his life there, and jokingly said that I should join him...

This is when massively-drunken me decided “You know what? F\*\*\* it, let’s do it!”. I looked on Skyscanner and found a flight leaving Barcelona around 2AM with a layover in Qatar. I bought the tickets on my credit card, packed my bag (including, for some reason, my 25-DVD full series of Battlestar Galactica), and jumped in a cab to the airport. On my way, I wrote an email to my manager telling him that I was leaving the country and wouldn’t come back. 

I managed to make it just in time to drop my bags at check-in, go trough immigration, pass security screening and board the plane - all of this without anyone stopping me for being so obviously drunk. So happy to be “finally free”, I sat down and fell asleep almost instantly. Fast forward 6 hours. I woke up, looked around, realized that wasn’t as rock’n’roll as I my drunk self thought I was, and had one of the most brilliant “Well, shit.” moments of my life. 

After landing in Qatar for the layover, I managed to call my manager and I explained him the situation (he was pretty pissed, but took it quite easy). Then I convinced the airline to convert the remainder of my Barcelona trip to a ticket back home (bullshitted them that the client I was supposed to visit cancelled last minute). Unfortunately, they could not fly me back to my origin in the next 48 hours because all flights were full, and I had to settle with a flight to a neighbour country (flight was still something like 10h later). From there I had to change airports by taxi, managed to get into another plane that brought me home, and rushed to the office after having missed one day and a half of work. 

No need to say my return to the office was pretty awkward, not to mention that the CEO of the company was visiting that day and asked several people about my whereabouts... In addition, that whole trip cost me altogether around USD 1500, and a lifetime of jokes from my then-manager (shout out to him btw, he covered my stupid ass 100% on this one).

TLDR; Got drunk. Decided to quit my job and fly to the other side of the world. Sobered up and chickened out. Cost me USD 1500 and some of my dignity./nI had a procedure on my spine today that already has me in awful pain. I've been struggling with it throughout the day. I had to go to the bathroom so I figured I should do a few other things while I was up. In a desperate attempt at relief, I decided to put Icy Hot on my back. Unfortunately for me, I put the Icy Hot on before I went pee. I ended up getting it on the toilet paper and I wiped.... So I accidentally coated my vagina with Icy Hot and believe me when I tell you, hell lives inside me right now. My insides are burning and I want to die. What makes it worse is that I was on discord with friends and I really had no choice to not tell them because there’s no way I couldn’t react to the pain in one way or another. Now they're all laughing at me.TL;DR: I got Icy Hot on my vagina and I regret everything I've done in life.

&#x200B;

Edit: Holy crap I did not expect this to blow up the way it did xD Thanks everyone for sharing your similar experiences in the comments! Glad to know I'm not alone on this one lol. /nI hope this will be the last time this happens, so make sure you read this carefully to make the most out of your cocofleshlight.

I read the first Cocofleshlight story and thought that was pretty gross, but was a little intrigued.

Then I read the second story and thought that was devastating, but I was still intrigued.

So I found myself a coconut in the closet and made sure it was big enough for my schlong, and made sure it wasn't infested with something. 

*Now here's the mistake I made*

I left the coconut water in to enhance my experience, and also I was weirdly turned on by fucking with water involved.

Turns out, I'm allergic to coconut water, and my dick swelled up and block the hole.

I panicked and ripped my cock out, which cut it horribly.

So here's the lesson: DONT FUCK COCONUTS

TLDR: Didn't listen to two posts, fucked a coconut while allergic to coconut water, fucked up my dick real hard./nThis happened when I was in high school. I was a pretty horny teenager. I had been watching porn for awhile, and jerked off more than anyone could imagine. One day durning class some people were talking about how some people could suck their own penis. I was mind blown thinking damn you gotta be huge for that either way I was very determined to do it. I get home from school, and go take a shower as I don't like walking around in my own filth all day. Then I decide it's time I'm gonna go try to suck my own dick. I head to my room, get on my back and kick my legs behind my shoulders trying to reach my dick with all my might. I really didn't get close, but I keep trying. Then I hear my door barge open to my dad standing their staring at me I could have sworn I locked my door. My asshole is pretty much pointed directly at him possibly seeing my nuts swaying way. He quickly shuts the door and runs off. My dad and I have never once talked about that moment to this day. I just can't imagine the trauma I probably put in his mind.

TL;DR attempted to suck my own dick when I was young, dad saw, most likely caused him PTSD/nThis happened about a week ago. 

So some context to this. I was born with no legs. I have never had them they didn't even develop past like 2 inches of a femur but you cant really tell. 

I came home from fishing with my in-laws and was dead tired. I went from door to shower to bed and had no intentions of waking up before 10 hours. My wife woke me up so that way I could eat dinner. So I get up and am totally groggy and not really capable of thinking right.

My wheelchair is right there next to the bed so I scooted to the edge and sat there for a moment. For whatever reason I thought it would be a good idea to try and stand... It was not until it was to late did I realize what I had done but it all became slow motion... the fall... and seeing the floor get ever close. Now I have a very good tolerance to pain. While staying active I have broken bones and cut myself up on rocks and such but nothing was able to prepare me for this... I landed flat on my balls...

I tried to scream but no sound could be heard however I am sure our neighbors dogs were losing their shit. I vomited and tried to move but couldnt even breath. My wife is having a hard time trying to show concern and hide her laugh at the same time. 

She has heard stories about how I have hurt myself in similar ways (waking up late for work with morning wood and nearly breaking my dick on a stair) but she never witnessed one.

The Doctor was stumped on how to react outside of "heres some pain killers dont move for a while" 

Also  I swear time become relative cause I am almost positive I watched 2 Alaskan sunsets but it was only for about a hour I was on the floor in a puddle of puke. 

TLDR: have no legs, tried to stand up off the edge of my bed and smashed my balls. 

EDIT: Oh wow lol. I am happy alot of people have enjoyed this post. To clear a few things up yes my wife did try and help me up but I told her to leave me because I was in to much pain to sit up. She did clean up a good deal of the vomit but much of it was under me and I was not moving lol. She sat next to me the whole time. 

EDIT2: Some people have asked why I tried to stand up. I think alot of it might be that everyone I have seen get out of a bed has done the same motions I attempted, so in my tired state for whatever reason my brain(that prick) decided this was the motion to use.

Also people are saying they want to say a joke but dont know if they should.. DO IT! While some people may see it as a sad thing that I have no legs they should not. It hasnt stopped me from doing fun things in life even mono skiing and going on mountain trails. If I couldnt see the humor in my own disability(and there is PLENTY) life would be very hard. 


EDIT3: Lots of requests so here it is all =D 

https://imgur.com/a/TjsmpZM
https://imgur.com/a/8zwtwVO

EDIT4: About fell off my chair with the gold. Thank you! You guys are all awesome =D I always read on TIFU and my wife said I should post my experience. I didn't think it would blow up so much. 
EDIT5: Thank you so much for the anon gold donation <3
/nBeen a while, TIFU peeps! Seems to have turned into a bit of a smut/drug use sub. Not that I have room to talk. For you today, I have a work-safe FU. 

&#x200B;

So here's the deal. \[*Context\]* I play cutthroat prison rules when it comes to just about everything. My father bestowed this mindset to me and his before him. I don't take it easy unless someone really needs a win.

Badminton? Droppin Spikes like a haunted cavern.

Monopoly? Stackin bills and givin chills.

Nerf gun wars? Better wear eye pro. That includes you [Zandipus](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9fgkdi/tifu_by_drilling_my_6_year_old_in_the_face_hail/).

So with Xmas came the restocking of the Nerf Guns, darts, combat rolls and broken hearts/faces of my children. My oldest son (7) asked me, "Dad, how are you so good at Nerf Gun wars?"

"Well buddy, in this house we play by 2 rules...." 

**1) Always aim for the face**.  

**2) don't get shot in the face.** 

&#x200B;

He thought it was hilarious and repeated it all afternoon. A few days went by until this past week when the expensive private school had a school-wide Nerf Gun war. Their set of rules was that everyone wears a hoodie and they can only shoot at the chest/belly area.  I think it was civil war style? like in the gym for some history deal where they line up and face one another and practice shooting volleys at each other.  Lame sauce. 

&#x200B;

Now is probably a good time to point out that I'm a millennial war vet (if you haven't read my prior TIFU posts)  so naturally my kids are pretty well accustomed to cover & concealment, complex ambushes, hostage negotiations, etc. 

Also a good time to point out that I disassemble the Nerf guns and give them a little extra face-smashability by twisting the rubber bands a few times, or adding extra bands. You get a much better face-welt effect that way. 

&#x200B;

Anyways, my kids tote off their arsenal of non-regulation eye busters to attend the  sissy-fest "war". I was not there of course, but as explained to me by Principal NoFunZilla, 8 or so modified Nerf guns were distributed to my oldest kids friends, his brother, and himself. After the first "volley" my kid loses interest, and as he put it, "Got his wolfpack together to slay some nubes." 

Of *course* he had briefed them on the above mentioned rule set. They went full tactical, hid under the bleachers and other obstacles, taking cheap shots at random kids faces, eliminating teachers when deemed necessary. Then their extended friends joined in so they developed a pretty substantial vigilante syndicate. 

The whole staff lost total control of the situation and **all** the kids broke character and turned it into an all out brawl, led by my son, Achilles of the Myrmidons.  I imagine 400+ elementary students running for their lives in the chaos while 20 or so wreak havoc like [William Wallace & Co.](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-mCsiTSxAgg4/T2xAsdgiV0I/AAAAAAAAG3U/5_GCfEHw8Cc/s1600/The_Patriot03.jpg)

&#x200B;

Needless to say, I was grinning ear to ear with pride during the whole conversation with the principal. I have to hand it to her, she did a great job saving face for the school, using lots of cop terms like, "We're doing everything we can to investigate the incident", "Parents are being notified through the proper channels", "Final Warning"  .... yadda yadda. She left a final jab with, "Contraband weapons will be retained by the school board until further notice." 

&#x200B;

 "Bummer. Who won?" 

&#x200B;

My pride diminished quite a bit when she informed me that my own son squealed on me. Fair's fair, since this style of WAR is all he knows. He really didn't feel that he did any wrong. Now moving forward the rules will be modified: 

**1) Always aim for the face**.  

**2) don't get shot in the face.**

**3) Never squeal.** 

&#x200B;

TL;DR - Taught my kid to shoot people in the face with juiced up Nerf guns, ended up almost getting him kicked out of private school. Tarnished my relationship with the school board forever. No longer being invited to meetings or chaperone functions. Last straw before my kids get kicked to the public school system.   

 Edit.... sigh, edit. Really hoped I wouldn’t have to edit this one but apparently Nerf Gun hero’s exist, and boy are they upset. I hit up google extensively looking for exact makes and models but since there’s a zillion of them I couldn’t find them. Sorry. So, rubber dart enthusiasts alike you’ll have to settle for written word. First off, yes, by adding bands I mean to the outside of the “spring powered, loop pull cock style blasters”. We also got a set (maybe chinsey brand) of miniature ones, of which had a chooch factor far below standard. So I popped them apart and laho and befucking. Hold. Rubber band. Giver about 40 twists and she’s in business.

 Shame to u/howhaveyouben for wasting so much freaking time.

&#x200B;/nObligatory: this happened like 3 months ago.

My gf, her mom, and I drove out to visit her uncle and were staying at his house for a few days. The night we arrive, my gf tells me that she's going to take a shower and goes down to the only bathroom in the house. After about 20 minutes, feeling a little mischievous, I sneak down and head to the bathroom so scare her in she shower. Quietly I enter and rip the shower curtains open. To my surprise its her mom.. she shouts "what are you doing?! I shout "I'm so sorry I though you were (gf)" and I bolt out. I enter the bedroom and find my gf is sitting there in her bath robe dying of laughter. 

I still can't look at her mom in the eye..

TLDR: I tried to surprise my gf in the shower but surprised her mom instead./nSo I'm up here in New Hampshire on a project for work.  I get a daily per diem for food.  I usually spend my first day food per diem on grocery store items; just stock the room up with some food for the rest of the week and crash.  The remaining day's allowances get spent going out to eat.  I did buy a little food in the airport that day, but planned to spend the rest in the grocery store.

So the fuck up.  I just got a hankering for good ham sandwiches.  Totally random, right?  But ham sandwiches can be the shit sometimes.  I grabbed some cherry coke zero for the fridge and some beef jerky for a snack.  The beef jerky is like 10 bucks and I only have about $20 remaining for the day.  Eh, work is paying for it, so who cares and sandwiches are cheap.  Surely I can do ham sandwiches on 10 dollars, right?  Wally world bread is only a buck.  I did get some of those zesty/spicy bread and butter pickles because those are also the shit.  Cheap store brand mustard.  I'm sure I can do this.  I hit the check out counter and my total is $19.76.  Fuck yea, self!  You did awesome.

Now it's almost midnight and I need to hit the hotel before they think I'm not going to show up or something.  I don't know if they actually cancel you for showing up after midnight, but I headed out, got checked into my room, start putting all my shit away.  Pickles in the fridge, bread on top of the fridge, mustard in the fridge, cokes in the fridge, and... fuck.  wtf?  I've got all the stuff for ham sandwiches except for ham.  How the hell did I forget ham?  I've ruined everything.  meh


TL;DR  Forgot to buy ham for my ham sandwiches.  Sorry that was a boring story that didn't end with my dick in the bread or a sandwich stuffed up someone's ass./nToday, well early AM, I fucked up and got super wasted and tried to search for my bf's ex on fb, but when I typed in her name, nothing came up. I searched over and over and nothing. This evening, I see that I had posted her name all over my wall. Kill me.

edit. I'm a dude from Canada who likes to tell stories :) 

edit 2. You all are so amazing, thanks for the love./nI've been getting to know this rad guy through a good friend of mine who's visiting from another state. He's witty and has the meanest sense of humor, which I love. Although we don't know each other well yet, we've poked fun of each other so much already. It's honestly refreshing to me that I can feel comfortable joking with him. 

But anyway, the three of us started hanging out a lot over the past few weeks, and tonight we threw a beach bonfire BBQ since our friend goes back home soon. 

Rewind to earlier today, I had a feeling my time of the month was approaching. I can feel my body adjusting to it but my app says it won't arrive til the following week. No sweat. I put on cute shorts and a cute top under a flannel. Cute boy comes to pick me up and we drive. I felt weird below my waist already but I decided to ignore it. 

We get to the beach and set up the pit. It was fun, and he sat beside me the whole time. Now at this point I can feel that something is happening downstairs, but I wasn't sure if it was because the sand was just a bit damp and because it was chilly and humid tonight, or if blood is gushing from my nether regions and I'm just pretending it isn't happening.

A few hours after midnight, we decide to call it a night and pack up. The weird wet feeling was even more pronounced but it's late, I'm tired, and I just want to go home at this point. He decides to drop our other friend off home first since I live farther, and I was pretty excited since this meant we'd have more time
to talk. Around friends, he would always try to push my buttons. But alone, we'd have really great conversations, which we did during the drive home. I was stoked.

So he dropped me off and I went to my room, forgetting about the weird feeling  I had... until I got ready for bed and took off my clothes, only to find my shorts and underwear soaked in blood. I was mortified—it wasn't just a tiny stain. If I rung that sucker, oh it would drip, alright. 

Then I remembered that I sat in his passenger's seat and proceeded to panic. If blood soaked through my shorts, there is no way that seat has NO stain. 

I texted him shyly about it but he hasn't responded yet. I see him tomorrow morning though and I'm terrified of what he would say to me once he realizes what happened. Well, so much for a good night.

TL;DR: Period came early. Bled through my shorts and possibly all over my crush's passenger seat while he was driving me home. Will probably get made fun of by him tomorrow. 

EDIT: Can't believe this blew up!!!! HAHA thanks for sharing all your stories and comments. Just to give more detail since I'm more awake now: we went to a beach in the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night so it was completely dark and there were no bathrooms. I couldn't have done anything, I think. Also I'm a grown woman and well-aware of my body but oh well, accidents do happen. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Also I saw him this morning and he was totally chill about it. Said he has a sister so he understands. He didn't tell me if there was a stain or not—he just kept telling me not to worry hahaha. Either way, WHAT A RELIEF! 

EDIT 2: Geez, some of you make it seem like a girl can't have a bad day. I've been irregular in the past year so although I had a feeling it was coming soon, I didn't think it would arrive within the next hour. That's unusual for me. Chill out, Reddit. I know the app isn't 100% accurate. Not an idiot. Just a girl who got caught in bad timing. Peace! /nSo my wife left her phone in the bathroom a few days ago and I saw it as I got out of the shower, so I did what any dumbass husband would do, I took ridiculously cheesy nude photos of myself around the house. Nothing sexual or anything. Just things like me eating cereal with my [diving hood](https://www.scubadoctor.com.au/diveshop/images/ndiver/ndiver_arctic_supervent_hood.jpg)  on and legs spread eagle for no reason, or me watering the plants willst my legs were unnecessarily too far apart and so on. 

We don’t really go out much and we have no friends in this country (we just moved), so I thought she’d find it really funny when she came home. 

Well, I went to work and forgot all about it completely. Fast forward to today. We’re at H&M and trying to pay. My wife uses this member thing (I don’t really know exactly what it is. I guess you could be an H&M member or something) that’s on an app on her phone and for some reason, the barcode just won’t scan! 2 people at the counter are trying everything possible. No luck. My wife gets the clever idea that maybe she should take a screenshot of the barcode, zoom in and enlarge it. Maybe it will work then. 

By this point, there’s a bit of a queue behind us, and the 2nd cashier has to give up and start getting this under control. He’s ringing up the lady next to us. Her kid’s basically watching our cashier basically frantically try to find some sort of solution whilst staring at my wife’s screen, and when my wife opens her photos, well,  20 incredibly unflattering naked photos of myself popped up, the cashier gasps loudly says “oh my god!”, and this little fucking kid shouts “he is naked mommy! That man is naked!!!” My wife’s a fucking tomato , a group of teenage girls behind us burst out laughing at the whole situation and my pits began sweating in ways I never knew my body was capable of. 

Anyway, my wife didn’t find those pictures as funny as she would’ve at home*, I scarred a child and won’t ever be going back to that particular branch ever again. 

I should be asleep, but I keep thinking about this and audibly groaning. Probably the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to me. 

Oh and we couldn’t find a solution about the app thing. She told my wife to do something online, but I was so embarrassed my brain shut off. 

**Tl;Dr: My wife unwittingly unleashed my unflattering nudes on a child and our cashier at an H&M.**

* as I was typing this post, she’s laughing her ass off at the photos now, 12 hours later.

Edit: no idea why I titled it as if it were only 1 photo.

Edit2: woah good morning. Thanks for the gold and silver. What a weird thing to wake up to. I don’t know what I’m supposed to do with this. 

Also, for those of you asking how everyone saw the pictures, only 3 people did (4 if you include myself). My wife, the kid and the cashier. The other reactions were from the extreme reactions of the kid and cashier. 

The counter was shaped sort of like this 

|____|. 

The computer screen was on the higher part, the the section where you hand over the stuff you want to buy goes on the lower bit. It was slightly below waist high and about 3-4foot(1m) deep. 

The kid’s head just about got past the counter and if he was stood on tippy toes, the counter would’ve been about collarbone high for him. My wife was leaning on the counter with her phone angled towards her, so the kid could clearly see the phone and he was barely 2 feet away from it and the cashier was stood over it so it was easily visible to her as well. 

While I’m clarifying things, I don’t really know how many photos it takes for an iPhone SE’s screen to be entirely filled when you first open the photos app, I took 2 more than that number. I never actually counted them, so they could’ve been more than 20 or maybe even less. 

Hope that clarifies it.

Edit3:

We did try brightening and dimming the screens. One of the cashiers even wiped the phone with Windex to try to rule that out as well lol

Also, a [diving hood](https://www.scubadoctor.com.au/diveshop/images/ndiver/ndiver_arctic_supervent_hood.jpg) is what SCUBA divers use to dive with in colder temperatures to keep the heat in and keep you warm, for everyone who asked. Also included a link in the OP/nThis happened aver the course of this afternoon. My apartment block has a shared carpark with no assigned lots so everyone just parks where there is space. So its a sunny day and I decide to go down to wash my very filthy car. I've got two pails of water which I have to lug down from my unit, my wax, chamois cloth etc etc. I walk up to my car and start soaping it up then I rinse and wipe off the water.  I apply a nice layer of wax and then work on the rims. After a good hour or so of detailing the car I realise my neighbor is standing behind me. I look up at him and smile saying "what a good job eh?" and he goes "yeah it is great job. Thanks. What do I owe u for it" as he unlocks the door. It takes me a good moment before I realise I've spent the good part of the afternoon cleaning my neighbor's identical car... I had thought it was that dirty but hadn't realized anything else was amiss as we have the same interior and same rims.... And now I've got a super burn and a still filthy car. 

TL;DR washed my neighbors identical car by accident....

EDIT: WOAH SHIT this blew up while I was asleep. Thank you kind stranger for POPPING MY REDDIT GOLD CHERRY!

Edit 2: okay, so yes a major part of the f up is that I did not check either the license plate or unlock the car doors. I have two toddlers. Cleaning up the interior is a challenge in its own right. A man has a right to clean rims even if the car is filled with peanuts.

Edit 3: didn't take the payment. I know the guy. We know we have the same car. We joke about it and the wives are annoyed as heck lol.

Edit 4: I clean the car interior and exterior separately, so no I don't open the doors. I hand wash to save water and money . I use a pressurized watering can to lather the soap on, then rise off with water and sponge. Toothbrush for rims, Squiddgie for windows.

Edit 5: so finally figured out the FU with the wife. I parked in my usual lot over night. Wife took it out the next day then parked it elsewhere coz my neighbor shifted to my lot. I come out from a nap a bit dazed and just get to work. A TIFU is born.

Edit 6: Shamwow appears to be a brand. It's a play on the common term shammy towel, which in itself is an apparent derivative of chamois cloth. All same same/nSo about 15 minutes ago i decide to go on discord with my fiance in the room. She asks why my nickname is CHAD MEAT, to which i try explain that i'm the only person in a serious relationship in that server. To try and explain what a chad means i stupidly decide to go onto urban dictionary. What originally was a minor brag quickly turned sour, the search results under chad were "the space between the balls and the arsehole", " a friendless loser that smells like a donkey" and "a meth-headed redneck". Obviously she begins to curl up laughing at the fact that she thinks my "friends" hate me and gang up on me. She's continually asking me if i'm alright and need a hug, whilst i'm sitting here contemplating my existence.  


TL;DR Told my fiance my friends think i'm a chad, proceeded to get humiliated by Urban Dictionary./nAnonymous account because I don't know who uses reddit at my school. I go to school in America so I know more than one dumb fuck has already done something similar to this at another school. 
This story takes place 3 days ago and I'm still wrapping my head around it. 

Okay so my story starts with me browsing r/teenagers one afternoon. One of the posts on the front page was talking about how their friend got suspended for creating a school letter about an up coming "Mandatory Penis Inspection" for all students and faculty. Now being an immature highschooler, I thought what better idea than to print several copies of the letter template and then customise it to fit my local school. I set to work the night before school creating a customised penis inspection notification letter that I could stick up around the school anonymously in the hopes that the rest of my school would get a good kick out of it.

Fast forward to Thursday and I had 2 printed out two school letters to place in several of the school restrooms, I strategically placed it on the wall next to the urinal without anyone seeing me enter or leave the restroom. The school bell rings and it's time for the first period of the school day. About halfway through our first lesson, the words "Penis Inspection" had already started floating around the classroom and some pictures of the note were getting shared and reposted on students snapchat stories. Fast forward 3 hours to lunchtime and the upcoming Penis Inspection has become the new hot topic for the students attending my high school. 

Naturally it wouldn't take long before a student would take the note and hand it to the principal.
It turns out that my note making skills were so good, that I tricked some students into thinking that it was a real event that was going to happen. The principal now knows about the note along with every student, but no one actually knows who did it. Several students were called in to the principal office regarding the photos of the note on their snapchat story because they didn't want it to cause bad publicity. 
So now the principal is on the hunt for whoever created the note, students have begun leaking it outside of snapchat and it's found its way on to several meme pages and the school is threatening legal action regarding the note because it features a government logo on the top of it. I'm pretty worried about someone somehow working out it was me who wrote and stuck up the note, along with the note spreading even more and finding its way onto more meme pages. 

I guess all I can do is wait for Monday to come round and hope that photos of the note don't spread any further than they have, and hope that the school doesn't take the note any further than inside of school.

TL:DR I fucked up and anonymously made a "Mandatory Penis Inspection" note that I put on the wall of the bathroom. It ended up spreading and the school is threatening legal action against whomst made the note. 




/nLiterally happened a few minutes ago. Still shaking and crying and laughing a bit.

So it's late night, currently 2:23AM as I write this, and I was feeling horny. Decided to send my girlfriend a dick pic. 

Here's the fuckup: I added it to my FUCKING STORY instead of sending it to my girlfriend. 

I didn't realise at all.

About half an hour later (a few minutes ago) my best friend DMs me: 

>REALLYFUCKINGHORNY WTF 😂😂

There it is. My fully erect dick in my hand, with the caption 'hi bb owo x'

I almost fucking died. "WHY IS THERE A DICK ON YOUR STORY" 
My only response to this? Sending 'bruh' with fucked up spelling over and over before I finally head on to my story to delete that mess. Luckily only my best friend saw it, and now we're even since I've seen his too.

In conclusion, r/tifu, I'm feeling a sweet mix of wanting to die with uncontrollably laughing.
Don't take your friends for granted, they'll let you know if you accidentally put your dick on your Instagram story. Needless to say I will be buying my friend a pint and serving him with my fucking life until this blows over. What a bro.

Edit: I swear the 'owo' was ironic lmao 

Edit 2: Please stop asking to see my dick. Jesus Christ.

Edit 3: for those out of touch with social media, a story is something you can post photos/videos on that all your followers/friends can see for 24 hours.

Also, **STOP ASKING TO SEE MY DICK.** Not happening.

Final Edit: Asked mods to lock and gonna try and find out how to shut my PMs. Thanks for all the replies though guys, a lot of them made me laugh!

*TL;DR*: Feeling frisky, tried to send girlfriend a dick pic, accidentally sent it to my story and my best friend let me know before anyone else saw./nTL:DR ls is the title.


It was a average summer vacation day, I woke up late ate breakfast, blah blah blah, then I made a Nutella Milkshake (which is actually REALLY tasty) and went to sit down on the living room chair. That’s when disaster struck. I don’t really know how and why, probably the angle I was about to sit on, but I sat on my right testicle. The pain was insane. I jumped off the chair and started walking out, in pain. Suddenly I had black spot clouding my eyes and the next thing I know, I’m on the floor with my milkshake over me and my mom screaming. I blacked out for a few seconds and honestly it was the scariest few seconds of my life. I had a pounding headache but at least my right testicle didn’t hurt anymore! I’m fine now, and my mother calmed down before calling the ambulance. That was the first time I ever blacked out and I honestly was really scared.




Edit: a lot of people are asking for the Nutella Milkshake so:
You must heat your Nutella just enough so it becomes more of a liquid. Then you ad it to warm milk and shake (or use a blender) you can add chocolate ice cream for more flavor btw!


Edit2: Everyone worrying about my testicle, please don’t. I didn’t sit on it that bad and I don’t think I fainted just from the pain from that, I don’t drink water a lot so it was probably also from dehydration. If there as something wrong it wouldn’t stop hurting 40 seconds later.


Edit3: There is so much “and I oop” comments on this post It’s hilarious./nObligatory-this happened in the last 2 weeks

One of my friends (17M) was talked about how he wants a girlfriend again a few months ago. I was the patient listener, and very open when he asked if I knew any "cute girls." I thought it was a strange talk for us to have considering the fact that I disagree with his frequent encounters of the bedroom kind with various girls, but nevertheless I kept my eye out. 

Then about a month ago, one of my friends (17F) mentioned she had a massive crush on my friend (after she'd seen his picture and watched him play football). This was perfect! He's attractive, she's attractive, it totally worked on the superficial level. All I had to do now was to introduce them. The chatted over text (she doesn't have social media at the moment)and they met up two weeks later. I don't generally endorse the blind dating thing, but I hoped it would work out. 

The official date happened about 2 weeks ago. They went to a little restaurant around the corner from her high school. She texted me immediately after, saying it was great. They'd ordered food, walked around, and in typical behavior, he initiated and they made out. I just assumed everything went well. The next weekend, they hung out again. That is, until she called me afterwards crying. She told me that they'd been talking and she told him she thought the date was going well and he had replied with something along the lines of "Ehhh, I don't know. I've had better." laughed and then "Because, lets face it, you are fucking disgusting. You're so ugly. I don't know why \_\_\_\_\_\_ paired us up, I mean, I'm leagues ahead of you. If I'm not getting any, it's not worth it. I'm not gonna fucking marry you." and then left. I was so shocked, I thought she was kidding (spoiler alert: she wasn't) I texted him immediately and asked him what the hell he was doing. He told me that he didn't care how she felt because she should have know he was out of her league and he only wanted sex. and that he hated her eyes because "it made her look asian" I wasn't expecting it but it made me really angry and stupid for pairing them up in the first place.

 (of course I couldn't know how much of a racist dick he was because he's never acted like that before but still.)

I get that he is definitely the worst in this situation, but still. I paired them up and she's still upset about that. I feel fucking terrible for the way he treated her

&#x200B;

TL;DR- I was a dumb teenager and paired two of my friends up on a date, the guy ended up being a misogynistic racist jerk

&#x200B;

\*\*edit: For everyone questioning how this makes him racist or misogynistic there were several slurs he used in his rant that I didn't feel the need to clarify in this post, as well as the comment that women are sex objects./nThis happened yesterday. For those of you who don't know, Pre-Student teaching comes just one semester before student teaching. Essentially, I have to observe in a classroom for 80 hours total. Beyond observation, I will eventually teach some lessons. This was on my second day of observation.

On my first day my coordinating teacher (CT) had me simply observe her class, telling me that she would ease me into the way she does things before letting me teach a few things to her classes. 

As I was only 5 minutes into my second day, I was still just observing, sitting at her desk. Now, this is important. She's having me sit at her official desk while she walks around the room and stands at an informal monitor setup. Yippee, I feel important (not really).

So while she explains to her class what they will be doing for the day, I just watch and fiddle around a little at her desk. I was absent-mindedly running my hands along the bottom of the drawer of her desk, and just passing the time. I felt something with one of my fingers and pressed it in, without thinking it was anything other than a latch or something for the drawer. Oh my fuck, was I wrong. Now, the second I felt the thing I touched actually compress, I knew I fucked up.

Cue the loudest fucking alarm you've ever heard in your life. Now this isn't a constant tone, but rather a constant message, stating the following: 

"EMERGENCY. EMERGENCY. PROCEED TO EMERGENCY LOCKDOWN. THERE IS A THREAT IN THE BUILDING. LAW ENFORCEMENT HAS BEEN ALERTED AND IS ON THE WAY"

I damn near shit my pants, the students all start freaking out, most assuming it was an impromptu drill, and my CT immediately runs to the door, locks it, and shuts the blinds. 

Instantly I try to motion to her that it was me, but she runs back to her computer. As it turns out, a school-wide email was also sent to each teacher, telling them exactly where the alarm was coming from. 

Go figure, my CT saw that it was coming from her own room. She then finally turned to me and saw the look of horror on my face. She then spent the next 5 minutes trying to alert the main office that it was, in fact, a false alarm. In the first few minutes of the 5, a police officer arrived to confirm that it was just some dumbass (me) who had set it off.

I spent the rest of the day completely red-faced whenever near any of the faculty and I was appropriately poked fun at by all of them. 

At least I came away with a story that my university professor says is "one that I doubt will ever be topped".

TL;DR I pressed a button under my desk that I didn't know existed, setting off a school-wide alarm used for active shooters.

Edit: Thanks for the gold! It's my first. Glad I could share a neat/funny story. 
/nToday.

Was winter picture day at my kids school. I. Like an idiot. Forgot.  My wife had a busy day on her end and I decided to get some chores done, to include [cutting a couple heads of hair](https://imgur.com/a/PpTMiws). Despite the wife regularly getting *moderately* pissed about it, I always cut it in some odd manor, giving them a nick-name to accompany. I leave them that way for a few hours until the joke runs its course and then fix it later. Easy-Peasy right?

(This time around, Left is [Grandpa Joe](https://www.google.com/search?q=grandpa+joe+hair&rlz=1C1GGRV_enUS751US752&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj0qIrguJrgAhVqr1QKHd52DIEQ_AUIDigB&biw=1590&bih=598&dpr=0.67&safe=active&ssui=on#imgrc=nzARo-bIH8F2mM:), Right is [Billy Ray](http://www.whiskeyriff.com/2016/01/18/9-times-billy-ray-cyrus-mullet-was-so-goodbad-it-broke-my-heart/gal-bad-hair-billy/).)

As you can imagine, night-shift-working dad falls asleep (after the wife gets home, thoroughly unimpressed) and stays comatose until its time to go into work. Then in the morning, both are already in beanies due to the cold weather. So it's mostly their fault.

At any rate the school staff must have a fairly white-trash connotation of us, as I never got a WTF call or anything. I frantically fixed them and the wife has no idea I hadn't fixed it before picture day.

&#x200B;

**Now to await the school pictures to come in the mail.... should be a wonderfully wonderful moment. Will update.**

&#x200B;

Pre-EDIT - The caveat FU of this is that I wrote it up last month and left it in my drafts... Totally forgot to post it. This FU would be a prequel to what is turning into a bit of an outbreak of my [children's conduct](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/ajbm0o/tifu_by_teaching_my_son_how_to_slay_with_a_nerf/).

&#x200B;

TL;DR: Split some wigs on the wrong day, messed up prepaid winter pictures. Memories paid for, time capsuled forever in awful school pictures. 

(Also important to note, around my kids I call hair cuts [wig splits](https://www.google.com/search?q=wig+split&rlz=1C1GGRV_enUS751US752&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiN_ebBuprgAhVIj1QKHQF4CvkQ_AUIDigB&biw=1590&bih=598&dpr=0.67&safe=active&ssui=on#imgrc=e36fnCj-VoublM:)... that way my kids run around in public saying things like, "Daddy, are you going to split my wig today?"  or "Mommy gets mad when my dad splits my wig, she always forgives him though." 

 I get a dark chuckle out of it. /nToday I decided to order a pizza from papa john, it cost around $20 including delivery and tax and I decided to give a $3 tip. I only had $22 in cash and I had one of those $1 coins and I decided I would use that so I could give a decent tip. When the delivery guy got here I grabbed my money including what I thought was the $1 coin and I give it to him and took my pizza then sat down to eat.

Before I can continue you need to know a lot of context. Several years ago I was suicidal, my family’s used to go on these yearly trips to California which I would always beg and plead not to go on. Thankfully that year my mom gave me a choice go on the California trip or go with my dad. My dad was going to New Mexico to help one of his friends fix up one of his old properties so he could sell it for more, if I were to go with my dad it would essentially be 3 days of hard labor and I wouldn’t get paid either but if I went with my mom I would spend 5 days in California, eat out for every meal and go to Disney land. I chose to go with my dad. 

My dads friend was in the navy, I think his rank before he got out was “chief petty officer” or some other very high rank. Anyways, after the 3 days I spent there helping them, it came to the end of the last day and my dad’s friend offered to pay me, I said no because my dad said I wasn’t going to get paid, my dad’s friend and my dad said that we’re proud of me for my integrity, being honest and sticking to the original agreement. My dad gave me $100 but my dad’s friend gave me a challenge coin. To 12 year old me $100 was more than I would see in 3 years let alone 3 days, but I didn’t care about the money, to me, the challenge coin was the bigger reward. Because I felt depressed at this period in my life I felt that I was worthless and wasn’t capable of anything let alone something worthy of praise from a high ranking officer in navy. After I got this coin I used it as an example as to why I mattered and that I was worth something, and that I should keep on going, a year or two after I woke up one day and my depression was gone, and soon after that I forgot about the challenge coin.

Back to the present, I had finished eating my pizza and I went back to my room, when I noticed something shiny on my dresser, it was the $1 coin. At first I felt bad because I thought I didn’t give the delivery driver a good tip, but I definitively remember giving the driver a golden coin, it took me a second but I then realized that I gave him the challenge coin instead of the $1 coin instead. After that I cried for a little bit because of how much that coin meant to me and now it’s gone forever. 

TL:DR I accidentally gave the delivery driver a challenge coin that I got from a high ranking officer that helped me with my depression instead of a $1 coin.

Edit: update... I GOT THE COIN BACK!!!
https://imgur.com/a/2clIQxX

Edit 2: I got the coin back by calling the place and before I could finish telling the story they immediately knew what was going on and they sent the guy to bring it back, and I managed to scrounge up $5 so I could actually give him a decent tip. When he got to my house he gave me the coin back and I gave him the $5.

Edit 3 because some people can’t read and I can’t type: I got the pizza at 9pm my time, I realized what had happened at 11pm, then posted this at midnight, I then went to bed woke up in the morning and then called papa johns and got my coin back. I also only had an extra $3 that could give for a tip, and yes... I know a $3 tip is pretty mediocre./nObligatory "this was a couple weeks ago," but it's actually -30F outside right now too. I'll try to make this short and leave details for questions in the comments.

Fairbanks AK has a tradition where you strip down to your underwear (or bathing suit, whatever) when it gets -40F (-40C) or colder, and take a picture by the [UAF temperature sign.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-0A8l4gexmpk/TyXXN5zXl9I/AAAAAAAAF6M/Uss9RRreIFE/s1600/kids+at+fairbanks+.jpg)

So, it hit -40F recently, and I wanted a photo. My roommate was supposed to go with me, but bailed out last minute. So I went by myself.

I arrived at the location, stripped down to my boxers in my car, and yelled out the window to a random dude outside who was taking pictures for people (he was in full arctic winter gear). He agreed to take mine, I threw him my phone and ran out of my car to the sign.

Took the picture, and ran faster than lightspeed back to my car. Get to my car door... door locked, keys in the ignition. It's -40C out and I'm almost naked. I frantically ran around until someone let me in their car to warm up. Due to the cold, my phone died. I have no ones numbers memorized. I was in serious trouble. 

Well, I go to the U. The building I associate with most was right up the hill from the sign. I had a spare key for my car in an office. However, it is inaccessible by direct road, so having someone drive me there was not an option. It was either someone drops me off at the closest point, or I run there in the cold (almost same distance). I didn't know these people and felt incredibly awkward, so I ran for it. 

2 minutes of blistering cold wind surrounding my uninsulated body. It was the worst feeling you could ever possibly feel temperature-wise.

I get to the outside door, and I couldn't stop shaking. I could barely open the door at all. All my skin was numb. There was a breezeway heater (which pump out a lot of heat), so I laid down next to it for a LONG time. I was laying in the hallway, almost naked, at 11PM, probably hypothermic and uncontrollably shaking due to my dumb decision.

When I came to 20 minutes later, I stumbled into the office, opened up Google Contacts on a computer, and called my roommate on the phone. He laughs his ass off, calls me an idiot, and comes to pick me up. Brings me some clothes to wear on the walk back. Saved my life.

So yeah. Don't run outside when its below 0F, nevermind -40F.

**TL;DR: Wanted to take a picture at a temperature sign at -40C. Phone died, locked my keys in my car, ran to the closest building 2 minutes away with only underwear on. Dealt with possible hypothermia, and a good story to boot.**

EDIT: New words and typo

EDIT2: Suggestion from /u/72APTU72E/n
This happened last week. No throwaway because everyone already knows what happened. 

I ended up at a guys house for a casual hookup. He fell asleep and it was only like 11pm and I couldn’t sleep to save my life. So, being considerate, I decided to bail so that I could go play on my phone(reddit) and not wake him up. 

I exit the house and find the gate we’d come through, only, it’s closed. To make matters worse, it's one of those weird gates that doesn't have a handle, but a keyhole on both sides. 

I decide, hey, I’m an adult, I can climb this fence, no problem. It’s got spikes on top, but I’m pretty positive that I can handle it. 

So, in my heels I decide to climb the fence. I get to the top and look down and realize this is easiest the highest gate/fence I’ve ever climbed. However, being precariously perched over the spikes, I realize it’s too late to turn back now. 

So I jump down, and perfectly stick the landing. YES.

Then I take a step forward and feel the arch in my left foot scream in protest. 

It’s cool, I can totally walk this off.

Make my way home and by the next morning, I can no longer put weight on it. Fuck. 

So I head to urgent care where lo and behold they ask for my ID and I realize I’ve left my fucking wallet at the guys house. 

I get put into a boot and told I have a sprain and possible fracture. Not only this, but I had PAX EAST (a gaming convention) the following weekend and ended up having to cancel because I couldn't walk as much as I was going to need to for all my meetings. Double fuck. 

So now I’m in a boot, missing my favorite con, and still ended up having to go back to the guys house to get my wallet.

TLDR: Hopped a fence in heels after a one night stand, broke foot. Left wallet there, still had to go back. Double fuck up. /nThis story begins Friday night, when my mother offered to watch my son overnight so I figured I’d go scope out my old hangout spot.  I get there, everything goes just fine until these two guys (Guy A and Guy B) start getting mad at each other over a game of pool.

This first disagreement was resolved quick and painlessly, no problem right?  Boy was I wrong.

I used to bartend at this bar so I’m familiar with stupid people and diffusing most situations.  The ~~female~~ woman working this night asked me to keep an eye on things.  No problem.

So Guy A phones a friend (Guy C) to which I was unaware of.  Guy B decides it is time to leave, and wouldn’t you know it, Guy A does as well.  These two knuckleheads start bickering in the parking lot and start doing the thing where each one is waiting for the other to throw a punch, which in the past was a good time to squeeze in and get everyone to their cab, uber, or whatever.

As I started getting involved Guy C pulls up and sees me in his buddy’s face.  He parks his car and B-lined straight to me, shoving me from behind causing me to fall real hard.  Whatever I thought, I’ve fallen before, things quieted down and everything was fine.

I woke up at about 6am and my fingers on both hands were going numb so I went to the ER.  Two hours later I get the news that I broke both of my wrists and have a follow up with an orthopedic surgeon on Monday.

Basically I just wanted to take this opportunity to tell reddit I have two broken arms and my mom is on the way over, I’m going to show her “that post,” haha.

TL:DR - broke both of my arms stopping a bar fight from happening

Edited a word 

Second edit - So a lot of people giving their two cents about how I’m stupid for getting myself into this and I agree 100%.  I very much should have just let it be.  I’ve thought about this all day and decided while I was unable to wipe my own ass that this is going to be a long month.

Edit 3 - Many people are asking how I’m typing this.  I’m using my iPhone so I am able to jab away at the letters while the phone lays flat on the table./nI was cleaning my 6y.o. son's room, and doing my annual purge of crap he's managed to hoard. I have this big pile of stuff to throw out in the living room, when he comes in, pulls some stupid paper butterfly out of the trash pile and tells me I can't throw this away because it was a present.

He goes to a lot of birthday parties and gets a lot of goodie bags with this sort of thing, so I tell him it's junk and it's going in the trash. Besides, it's all bent up and I tell him (like a douche-dad) that if he values things he should take care of them.

He leaves, and some 5 minutes later he returns, visibly distraught (he's clearly been thinking hard about this). He says "It was a present...for you."

"For father's day."

I swear at that moment I heard every angel in heaven slow clapping.

EDIT: Whoa, go to sleep, then to work, then come back to a crap-ton of comments. Deserving of some additional context.

As some hawk-eyed redditors astutely noted, it's nowhere near Father's Day so the "T" in this TIFU is symbolic. This allows me to provide some more details. First, my son is 10 now, I was reminded yesterday of the incident which of course put the pit back in the bottom of my stomach again. I thought about adding the "obligatory this wasn't today" disclaimer but after reading the sub rules I was convinced not to.

Following the "No, it's a present for *you*" revelation, I apologized, then we smoothed out the creases in the butterfly and my son took it back into his room. He ended up wrapping it up for me on Father's Day anyhow, and he was so excited to see me open the present even though I had figuratively shat all over it. It was really sweet.

[Here](http://imgur.com/bKyW0lf) is a picture of the butterfly, taken today. It is pinned to my bedside lamp, and has been ever since that Father's Day./nWhen I was around 17/18 my friend and I were bored and decided to explore his shed for cool stuff to find. After navigating through the tons of garbage and old pool supplies, I stumbled upon a large bag. Inside was a sick hunting bow and a bunch of ferocious looking arrows, not those field arrows your drunk gym teacher would let you shoot out back at some styrofoam targets. These were broadhead arrows meant for hunting or fishing. The reel deal (ha), some would say.

Once shooting a bunch of arrows into the shed became boring, I wanted to try something more exciting. So I yanked one of the arrows out of the shed, placed it on the string, aimed directly up into the sky and let it rip. Sweet Christ on a gas-powered unicycle, if Robin Hood or Legolas were in attendance they would have congratulated me on shooting the arrow up that high and out of sight...and how stupid I was. So, like normal, we ran back inside the house and prayed no one would get killed. I ,for the life of me, don't know why I would do something so stupid but the consequences of my actions came to an actualization a mere seconds after hightailing it inside.

We heard the screeching brakes of a car a street behind my buddy's house. 

"Shit...did I kill someone? A child? Someone's pet?", I thought to myself. 

A million different scenarios and thoughts were going through my mind before going out back to see the issue. We walked through the backyard of my buddy's neighbor's house to see this bald guy wearing a cargo shorts, a pepsi shirt and sunglasses that Neo (The Matrix) would wear to dodge bullets (obviously not arrows, as you will soon find out) in the middle of the street cussing and questioning what happened. We looked closer to see that the arrow I shot had stuck right into the roof of his pick up truck. It was only that one guy and he wasn't injured; a relief no one was seriously hurt or killed.

Looking at the guy getting mad and questioning where and how the hell an arrow perfectly pierced the roof of his truck was enough to make me giggle which caught his attention.

After a few minutes of denying, arguing and me finally explaining that I was target practicing and "slipped", I agreed to pay him I think $100 (which was a lot for me at the time) and the neighbors who saw the whole commotion hated my buddy and I even more. The only reason the guy didn't call the cops was because I paid him cash right there and then. After he left, my friend tried to cheer me up by saying,

"Well, that obviously wouldn't have happened to that guy if he was wearing a Coke shirt. Who the fuck likes Pepsi?"


**TL;DR: Shot an arrow directly into the sky without know where it would land. Ended up sticking directly into the roof of some bald guys truck. Paid him $100 (very broke at the time), to not call the cops.** /nToday I was waiting in line at a university convenience store, sort of in a hurry. The girl in front of me had an absurd amount of things she was checking out. When it came time to pay, her debit card didn’t go through, which prompted her to go on her phone and check the balance. She showed the cashier there was a balance, so she went to a nearby ATM to withdraw money. Which didn’t work either. I felt bad, because her situation must’ve been embarrassing, not to mention this whole thing took about 10 minutes at this point. I stepped up and offered to pay for her stuff, and she could Venmo me right after. 

Me: “Hey I can pay for your stuff, you can just Venmo me.”

*I pay for her $30 purchase*

Her: “I don’t have Venmo, do you have cashapp?”

Me: “Yeah I do, I don’t remember my ID though, let me download it and see”

Her: “Okay, I have to go now though, let me put my number in your phone so you can text me the ID once it downloads”

She puts herself into my contacts and tells me her name, almost a minute later I have my ID and I go to text it to her with the exact cost. 

The fucker already blocked me, and when I searched her cashapp by phone number, she immediately declined my request for the purchase.

Can’t help but think this was just an elaborate scam. She was so quick to capitalize on my generosity. Never being nice again I guess.

EDIT: 
A lot of people have asked or assumed the girl was hot.

She wasn’t. 

TLDR: I paid for some girls stuff and she blocked me before paying me back./nThis post was originally removed for not being an FU and breaking rule 2e, but I think that's been resolved. Here's the original post:

This happened just now. My chemistry teacher had the bright idea to let us students use "anything except our friends and our laptops" during our final unit exam today, and, as can be expected from someone as badass as me, I took it a bit too far. Her intention was to allow students to use the textbook and their notes to solve the problems (I'm a junior in high school taking a college-level Chem course) to throw us a bone after a really tough unit. So what did I do? As part of my resources, I decided to bring in a second test with answers already on it from the web, thinking that the types of questions asked were likely to be similar and I would have a better idea of what to do.

Unfortunately, I didn't expect my Chemistry teacher to be as lazy as she is, and as she handed out the test I realized something. She had exactly the same test I had. She had literally just googled the name of our course, found the test, printed it, and handed it out. All I had to do was copy in the answers from my already filled-in test, finishing miles before everyone else, giving me the rest of the period free. So far this story sounds great. As I handed it in, she asked if she could see my resources. My face froze. The silence became louder in my ears. Time slowed down. She took the packet from my unmoving hands, leafed through, and looked me straight in the face. Five seconds later, everyone's test is gone, and I'm ushered to the principal's office. By virtue of the fact that I am on Reddit, I'm already unpopular, so we'll see what happens to my social life now. Sitting here waiting for her to come back from lunch, updates to come.

**AND HERE'S WHAT HAPPENED**: So the principal came back, we talked, the teacher said that I went beyond the bounds of what was acceptable, that it was unfair for me to get the 100%, and I should be punished. After arguing for a while it has been decided that I am not in trouble and my parents won't be contacted. That said, the teacher was violating school rules and as a result EVERYONE has to retake the test, WITHOUT any resources. No one is talking to me, everyone hates me and was looking forward to an easy grade, and the unpopular guy just became even more unpopular. Hopefully she won't just google the next test. What a great day, everyone. 

TL;DR: Teacher was a lazy ass, I was a smart ass, ended up being a dumb ass, now everyone thinks I'm an ass. 

**EDIT:** Insert typical "THIS EXPL0DED!1!!!!11" Thank you for making a lonely high schooler feel special for a day! I finally understand what RIP inbox means. One thing is clear: I was an absolute imbecile, and if I'd played my cards right none of this would have happened. But such is life, so I'll just lament my mistakes with [Monty Python](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlBiLNN1NhQ). My gold cherry has officially been popped; thank you, kind stranger!/nSo a college friend recently bought a new place with his wife in his wife’s hometown, and invited a bunch of us to spend the weekend. 

I road trip over to suburbia with my buddy, and, through a series of wrong turns and detours, we were last to arrive. We don’t stop at the house first, and meet my friends out at a “Main Street” type bar that looked like it was filled with the whole town’s drinking age population. 

We booze, chat, and everything is great. As is typical of my friend group, people filter out at different times. Everyone is heading back to the couple’s house for extended shenanigans. 

I’m many drinks deep at this point and chatting up a few people, so I’m the last to leave. I’m not too concerned, because apparently we’re only a few miles away from my buddy’s place. I text for the address, order an Uber, go outside and wait. It’s pouring and at least ten other people are waiting for cars. I see a black Camry pull up on my app, see the back Camry on the corner, run over and ask the driver if it’s my car, hear an inaudible mumble that sounds like yes, decide that’s good enough for me, and jump in. We get into a five minute convo about how terrible the weather is while we drive to my friend’s house. 

Driver stops at a generic suburban house with a long drive way, says this is you, and I get out. It’s pouring harder. I run through the rain. See lights on in the house. Hear music playing. Knock twice to be polite. I expect it to be unlocked, as my friend said they’d leave the door open, so I immediately let myself in. Walk down a few flights of steps toward the noise, arrive in what looks like a den, and say hello. 

Then the screaming starts. SCREAMING. I’m momentarily confused why there are screams of terror, but then I realize - I have no fucking idea who these people are. 

Drunk and confused, I have absolutely no clue what to do. I decide I need to get out and turn around and run outside, to the end of the driveway and stand there, in the rain. I look down at my phone to text my friends, and see I have several missed calls. 

The gears start to turn, but before I could work it out one of the guys who was in the house comes out and starts yelling at me from the end of the long driveway asking what the hell I am doing, and tells me the cops are on their way and he’ll kill me if I come any closer. 

Simultaneously, another car pulls up, this one with guy in it.  He gets out of the car, surveys the scene, and goes “dude, I think you got into my Uber.”

Finally, everything makes sense. Now while I’m explaining what happened to the new arrival, so he could tell his friends I’m not a murderer and just a drunk asshole, the cops arrive. 

Luckily they got a kick out of it. 

TL;DR I got into the wrong Uber, and accidentally walked into a stranger’s house, almost got killed and got the cops called on me.  /n** This is a repost but update because since then it's gotten much worse ** This happened a few weeks ago during a very rare family get together; we were talking and discussing small topics like the oscars in the living room in front of the large TV while the kids ran around and played.

I have my laptop hooked up to the TV so we can look up anything like videos or trivia facts and questions and my aunt had mentioned the oscar winning film "Shape of Water" that had garnered much praise in 2018; which had me thinking...last years oscar winning film was 'Moonlight' an incredible film about a young man struggling to grow up with a dark secret (he's gay).

However, for whatever reason I absolutely could NOT come up with the name of the film and I knew I had watched it but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't get the name out. At this point I look like an idiot trying to explain to them about last years movie and my whole families staring at me so I said all right screw it; my trusty friend Google will help me out.

So without thinking of the imminent consequences and without thinking to just type in '2017 oscar winner' I typed in the search bar "Movie about two gay black boys 2017" and, honestly at that point my internet speed could not have been any faster, tons of images of porn sites, men on men, ebony, large black **** filling the screen and the kids stopped dead in the their tracks and my sister screamed. My aunt was laughing her skirt off and I turned beet red. We all kind of laughed and brushed it off until just recently my sister calls me up saying thanks to me now she has to explain sex to an 8 year old that she caught her looking up minecraft porn on her tablet; ruining her innocence.

TLDR: was trying to find the name of last years oscar winner 'Moonlight', couldn't think of the name so I googled my best description of it in front of my entire family on the large TV connected to my laptop, without much thought of consequence typed "movie about two gay black boys 2017" and intense men on men porn showed up. Sister calls me up weeks later explaining that now her 8yr old was caught looking up minecraft porn and I had ruined a young girls innocence. 


Edit: wow this post blew up, thank you all for your funny words and thank you stranger for the gold! May your days be filled with Minecraft porn./nObligatory this happened many years ago, but I just realized it is a good story to tell here. Also, throwaway account since I still cringe thinking about it.

One of my friends (we'll call him Carl) invited me to a party at his house. We used to hang out a lot, but for no apparent reason we lost touch for a while so I was excited to get a chance to catch up with him. When I got to the party, it was packed. Tons of people, most of whom I'd never met before, but I knew a few and naturally gravitated towards them. I also ran into Carl, but we only spoke briefly before he had to move on to mingling with other guests. After about an hour, I ran into a woman who I knew in college (who we'll call Karen), but hadn't seen her since, so it was interesting to try to figure out who she had a connection with at the party. Since it seemed rude to just outright ask "What are you doing here?", I tried to ease into my investigation, but didn't get very far because she was quickly called away to something else. Then after little while longer, Carl gets everyone's attention for what looked like a toast and I noticed that for some reason he had just put his arm around Karen.

At this point, I should probably explain that while I am not very good at socializing with complete strangers, I do seem to have a pretty quick wit at times, especially when it comes to retelling jokes from comedy shows and movies at the perfect time. So, [the proposal scene in Big Daddy](https://youtu.be/vWyPfvAbUOQ) immediately popped into my head. If you don't know the scene, then I'd recommend that you click the link. But, if you just want the text-only version, Kevin (Jon Stewart's character) is about to propose to Corinne (Leslie Mann's character) in front of a group of friends and Kevin naturally hesitates a bit to get the words out. Sonny (Adam Sandler's character) doesn't think that Corinne and Kevin are compatible so, to protect Kevin, the following dialogue takes place:

Sonny: "You're not proposing, are you?!?" 

Kevin: "Uhh, yeah, pal. I am."

Sonny: "Well... think about it, you know?"

Corinne: "God, Sonny, shut up!"

I thought that repeating this scene would be perfectly hilarious since these two are just friends anyway, so bomb's away. I yell out from the back of the room "You're not proposing are you?!?" and waited for the laughter to ensue. To my disappointment, other than a few chuckles from some people (mostly people who knew me), I was met with silence and a pretty dirty look from Karen. That's when it hit me like a ton of bricks. Oh my goodness, Carl actually is proposing to Karen. I didn't even know they were good friends, let alone dating. Out of sheer panic and my inexplicable urge to immediately ease the tension, I double-down and yell out "Well... think about it, you know?". Again, mostly silence and Karen was now throwing daggers at me with her eyes. Carl continued on with the proposal, which actually turned out to be a proposal announcement. The actual proposal already happened and Karen already said "Yes", but this was the first time that everyone was finding out about it, so I'm pretty sure I still ruined the experience for a lot of people.

Afterwards, I apologized to both of them profusely trying to explain that I didn't know that they were even dating. Carl said he thought it was hilarious and was cool about it, but even now I'm pretty sure it will still be quite a while before Karen forgives me, if ever. I still cringe whenever I think about it.

TL;DR Went to a party and my friend (host) starting making a toast. I thought I would be funny by re-enacting the proposal scene in Big Daddy and sarcastically asking him to reconsider his "engagement" to his friend standing next to him. Turns out that they were both actually dating and actually announcing their engagement.

EDIT: For those saying "Why choose such an obscure movie reference?" At the time, Adam Sandler movies had really just started its trend of declining popularity. So, some people appreciated the reference, but obviously not as many people as I thought. Hindsight is 20/20 and this is really the whole reason why I posted this.

EDIT 2: Typos./nSo this literally happened like thirty minutes ago. Im walking to my buddies on campus and as I am walking this car proceeds to honk at me. Per usual I flip them the bird and keep walking. Not even thirty seconds later my mother calls me and says "WHAT THE HELL NICK, YOU JUST FLIPPED PFF YOUR GRANDMA!!" As it turns out my grandparents were in town visiting and they recognized me and honked to get my attention and a heatfelt wave. Little did they know when someone honks at you in Cincinnati it usually is not for those intentions./nSo a couple of weeks ago, I finally setup my apple-id. I also put up some random photo of myself. For whatever reason, I just picked the first image that popped up, which happened to be a shot of me grabbing one of the lads's bum. I had cropped said friend out of the picture to make it be of my face only, thinking nothing of it.

&#x200B;

Since then, I've been applying to graduate schools and a few institutes (trying to break into sciences/research).

&#x200B;

Only now has it come to my attention that apple displays this picture in mails, too. Now, I was like, eh not a big deal, right? FUCKING WRONG. Apparently, it displays the FULL IMAGE - NOT the cropped one, but the FULL thing! I've been sending out fucking official mails with this thing for a couple of weeks now. I've been trying to get in contact with important people and universities for weeks, all this time giving these people a nice handy view of me groping this guy. Fucking fantastic way to kick off professional relations, this.

&#x200B;

Picture in question: [https://imgur.com/a/2jwEfUS](https://imgur.com/a/2jwEfUS) (friend's face blurred for obvious reasons)

&#x200B;

tl;dr: Applied to graduate school and jobs via mail, giving off first impression of being friendly neighbourhood butt groper./nSo this actually happened today. I was up early this morning and decided to go to my local 24hr discount supercenter. You know the one, the mart that has walls. Anyway I went to pick up a couple items and of course ended up getting more items then intended. On a whim I decided to get a box of condoms, I had read on reddit about this one brand that was pretty good and apparently the brand I had always used in the past were shit. I perused the health and beauty as well as the pharmacy area for about 30 minutes. I can never find shit in these stores and knew it was somewhere in one of these sections. Now I've been married for quite some time and we don't use condoms anymore, this was more for curiosity sakes. I'm not really shy but I knew I was going to have to ask someone where the condoms were and suddenly felt like a 16 year old boy. 

I had walked past a lady probably in her early to mid forties about a dozen times at this point and figured what the hell. So I walk over to her and apologize for having to ask, but where are the condoms located? She immediately responds with a bit of a lisp and points to her ears, she then says can you write it down? At this point I just wanted to walk away, but I knew this would appear rude so I reluctantly write down "condoms?". She goes "ah" smiles and starts walking down the aisle as if she knows exactly where they were. Relieved I follow along. She then stops, looks at me, and says "for shaving?" and makes a hand gesture for shaving your face. Again I'm ready to bail but she continues walking to another aisle to another associate. There were a couple other customers in the aisle with the employee. This woman decides to take her piece of cardboard with "condoms?" written on it and display it like a limo driver at an airport looking for passengers. I was mortified...everyone is looking at me. Thankfully associate #2 says oh they're right here and goes to the next aisle....they only had one brand and it wasn't the one I was looking for. Mission failed.

TLDR: Sex ed skipped a generation./nThis happened a few hours ago and I've been in a state of shock and disgust ever since. 

Okay, so I had just finished reading Harry Potter and the Cursed Child when my cat jumped onto my bed and greets me. So I start petting her and she climbs on me and starts purring and kneading me when she turns around and presents me with her anus, tail held high and proud. I had heard that this, in cat language, was like a handshake and meant she wanted me to sniff her butthole in greeting. Well, that wasn't going to happen and I had remembered reading on Reddit that if you lightly blow on your cat's bootyhole this could 'simulate' you sniffing it. So I did. Bad idea. She proceeded to spray liquid shit directly onto my face. 

/nThrow away account. 

So yesterday I decided to pickup a girl that I’ve been talking to ever since I met her on lunch break at Chipotle.  I told her I was out front of her apartment and it seemed like it was taking her a while to come out but I didn’t think too much on it. Next thing I know she comes running out with her Ex right behind her because I guess they were still living together.... anyways she gets in and we speed off, I turn back and see the ex full out punching and kicking his car then get in and start chasing after us. I stay calm and just turn up the radio and bit and drown out the noise of him beeping and yelling “DO YOU WANNA THROW HANDS?!”.  It didn’t take long before we had three police cars behind us and pulled us over.  The police were super nice and let us go, I said no to pressing charges and we went on with our day leaving the EX to deal with the police.  Later I get a Snapchat from the EX who hacked into the girls account. This means he now knows where I live thanks to Snap Map and he made me well aware of that by saying “I’m going to beat the shit out of you, I now know where you live and trust me I know people.”  
I simply blocked the account and put my snap map on Ghost mode.  I wake up to a message from the girl saying that the EX is now talking to his “gang” buddy’s from Lawrence MA talking about coming to get me. Police already know about the situation but they said they can’t do anything about it now.

TLDR: picked girl up, her EX chases after us. Three police cruisers get involved. He’s now sending a gang from Lawerence MA after me.

Edit: this post is getting some traction. I’ll post an update a week from now

Edit: here’s a screen shot the girl sent me this morning. 
Her roommate sent this to her and then she screen shotted it and sent it to me. They are kicking the Ex out of the apartment, but it also kinda talks about what happened in my story.

https://imgur.com/a/aZ9qI7p

Edit: turning off notifications, phone is absolutely blowing up.

I had the mods lock the comment of this thread until a week has passed./nThis happened last month, but I realized what happened today. 

So, every year at my job we have open enrollment for insurance. During this process we get a questionnaire, a "health assessment". It has  questions like how many vegetables you eat a day, how many days a week you exercise, if you smoke, stuff like that. All you have to do is fill it out to get a discount on your insurance premiums. 

This year, I got a couple emails from HR saying "Open Enrollment Info". I didn't think anything of it because I'm not changing my insurance plan this year. Then I get an email "You missed out on your health assessment discount!" I look back, and fuck me, all those emails I ignored were telling me to do the health assessment! 

Ok, no problem. My insurance will probably go up like $10 a week. Sucks, but I can deal with it. 

I got my paycheck on Friday and it was a whopping $50 less than normal! I looked into it today, my insurance went up $40 a week!! (Plus other taxes going up.) $40 * 52 weeks is $2080 I lost this year because I didn't tell my insurance company how many vegetables I eat a day!! 

Fuck me. 

TL;DR: I didn't fill out an insurance questionnaire, and my insurance premiums went up $40/week./nThis actually happened quite a few years ago. Back when they were filming mordor scenes from the lord of the rings in Tongariro national park, New Zealand. I happened to be on vacation in New Zealand. Being a massive lord of the rings fan of decided to go check it out but instead of just looking from where I was allowed like a normal person I put a reflector vest on and simply walked in. For about 10 minutes I strolled around set like I belonged there and no one questioned me (I said a casual hi to Tge actor who plays Legolas when I walked past him) But just as I was getting ready to leave a security guard asked to see my badge. I told him I dropped it and was trying to find it. He then asked me if I could describe their badges and I responded by bolting. I made it about 10 feet before I got tackled and a rock left a massive slice from the middle of my forum to the elbow. After which instead of getting taken to isengard I got taken to the hospital for stitches then a holding cell for the night. Fortunately they where nice enough not to press charges.                                                                  TL;dr: simply walked into mordor during filming. Got tackled by security               edit: I wrote this early in the morning and couldn't remember Orlando blooms name/nThis happened about 40min ago. Also for context, I live in Australia, and have arachnophobia from a traumatic childhood experience involving floodwaters. 

As of tomorrow, I am going to be away from home, on an 8 day film shoot across the east coast of NSW. Each day is about a 14 hour day. Naturally, I decided to have a nice long relaxing shower before I left. 

About 4 mins into my planned 25min shower, I was midway through shampooing my hair when I felt something. Like a sixth sense something-ain’t-quite-right-here type of something. I look up above me, and to my HORROR, a black, eight-legged, piece-of-shit, shower-ruining, house spider dropping down its web towards me via the air vent.

Australian children are taught very young to stay away from spiders. It’s common knowledge that the black ones can cause extreme pain, seizures, death, so I know my daycare teachers would be proud seeing my 6’2, 91kg, naked male body glide through my sliding shower doors and onto the tile floor, covered in shampoo.

They’d be extra proud of me, without thinking, grabbing the toxic insect spray, and proceeding to blast the shower and spider, with a fallout cloud that would rival the scene from T2: Judgement Day. 

They would NOT be proud of me, however, of being so paranoid about seeing the spider die, that I stood in the enclosed, steamy room, inhaling the fumes to see it. It wasn’t until I realised my eyes were watering and I could smell a stinging sensation that I realised I had unintentionally gassed myself. 

So my naked, wet, bloodshot-eyed, dumbass attempted to run out of the bathroom, to escape dying via ALDI cheap bug spray. Attempted, because I then proceeded to trip over where the bathroom tile meets the kitchen tile, and promptly give myself a bloody nose. In the nude.

I have checked the label and the poison assures me the symptoms I experienced are the worst it’ll get. My nose is ok, the bleeding has stopped. And yes, the spider is dead.

TL;DR spider attacked, sprayed poison in the shower. Poison got in my face, fell over and gave myself a blood nose attempting to escape. 

EDITS: 
1. I live off tankwater, and being away for 8 days, I decided to have a longer shower than usual, because it’ll fill up. I’m normally a 4-6min guy.

2. Because people have asked, I’ve put in how I got my phobia in the comments. /nSo I work, or rather used to work, for the Eastern European branch of a Dutch company. This was my first and only job for the last 4 years. I've invested all of my time and effort in this job, and eventually it did paid off, when at the beginning of the year the regional manager informed me they were planning to make me a team leader. This would have meant, that in addition to a 35% salary increase off the bat, I would also get a percentage of the profits my team made, which could have meant anywhere between 3 and 5 times my salary. I was about to become rich and nothing would stop me. I passed all the examinations, all the interviews, and for the past 6 months I've been doing overtime like there was no tomorrow.

There was just one last step: I would have to do a presentation of my achievements and my vision for the future of the company in front of the man himself - the CEO of the company. My boss assured me this was more or less a formality and basically no one who was ever proposed for this promotion failed at this final step.

This should have taken place today, at 9 a.m. Tomorrow, I should have been in the HR office, signing my new contract. Instead, tomorrow I will be signing my resignation. How did this happen? Well, being the loud mouth that I am, I basically bragged to everyone I know that I was about to become a boss. Yesterday evening, I wake up with three of my former college mates, with sever six-packs of beer and a generous amount of weed. Something inside of me was screaming this wasn't a good idea, but the other side was saying, hey it's okay to celebrate, you deserve it. I initially said I would only drink one beer and take a couple off puffs from a joint, but of course, at 4 a.m. I was still awake and smashed.

I went to sleep, set my alarm for 7 a.m. and it did wake me up, but of course, being still very much smashed, I said just another ten minutes. I close my eyes, and after what didn't feel like more than 5 minutes, I wake up again, this time feeling better, but I could tell something was not right. I look at my phone, it's 9:30 a.m. and 5 missed calls. An intense feeling of panic hits me, I go straight into the shower, cursing non stop. I barely wipe myself, get dressed, make a dash for my car, drive like a mad man, passing several red lights (one of which I know for sure has red light camera), reach work in record time (7 minutes, it normally takes me at least 20).

When I got there, I went straight for the conference room, which, unsurprisingly, was empty. I go for the office, and just as I was about to go in, one of the team leaders comes out. It happened to be exactly the guy I never got along with. He instantly gets a grin on his face and says, as loudly as possible, "oh boy, look who's here, buddy you're in big trouble, go inside". I get inside, I see my team leader working on his computer, the CEO is nowhere in sight. He throws me a look of utter disgust, one I've never seen before, and tells me "take a seat, don't turn on your computer, we will go talk". Now the entire office just looks at me like I've murdered someone, no one dares say a single word. After what felt like an eternity, my team leader gets up from his seat and without saying a single word, signals me to follow him.

We go into the conference room. As soon as he closes the door, he goes into the most violent rage ever, screaming at me for what felt like hours, at one point I even felt like he was about to beat the shit out of me. Eventually, he did calm down, and told me - "look, I'm not going to fire you, because you are the most competent guy on my team, but you have to understand that it's gonna take years, maybe even a new CEO, before you can be considered for this position again". A moment of silence followed as I gathered myself back together and considered my options, when I eventually said "Look, I'm sorry, I know I fucked up badly and I can't go on like this. I quit". His last words were "look, in other circumstances, I would have persuaded you to stay, and even now, if I could somehow get you out of this, I would, but it's beyond me now. If you wanna quit, I can't stop you. Good luck." He then shook my hand and left. Now, I'm at the local McDonald's, already blew through half a pack of cigarettes while writing this post. I'm just thinking about how I managed to ruin 4 years of hard work just by being an idiot one night.

Tl;dr I was supposed to have a final meeting with the company CEO before a huge promotion, I slept in, I lost the promotion and quit my job out of shame./nPreface: am on mobile so apologies for formatting. 

It is currently almost 3am in my time zone and this FU is currently still going on. At midnight, I officially turned 21. I came home from work to my wonderful girlfriend waiting for me with her gifts, one of which was a very powerful tea tree oil body wash. She was so well-intentioned but little did we know what this was going to turn into. 

I went to grab a quick shower and she insisted I try out the new fancy body wash. It was great to use, if anything a bit more minty than I was expecting but nothing too crazy. I came back and we decided to engage in some fun birthday “activities” together. Wasn’t expecting this to be a problem and I really thought I had washed my hands well enough beforehand. I had not. 

The supposed fun and games quickly turned to tears and burning and me panicking to find out if we needed to go to the hospital. She is currently still writhing on the bed with a cold water bottle on her nether regions. Glad I’m starting 21 off right. 

TL;DR Girlfriend gave me tea tree body wash for my birthday, sexy turned to shitty faster than an F1 crash. 

/nThis literally just happened. I was walking to the spot I normally stand at on the train platform but I didn't have my contacts in so my vision/depth perception wasn't very good. I hear someone say hi so I turn to look as I'm walking and I see my friends sister with her arms outstretched. In my head I'm like oh alright she wants a hug, so I go in and give her a hug. I thought it felt kind of strange, like she wasn't really hugging back so I end the hug and back up to look at her. At this point I realize a) that it wasn't my friends sister but a random woman waiting for the train and b) she was extending her arms to someone who was behind me, who I noticed after the hug. They both looked pretty horrified so I didn't even really try to explain myself, I kind of just walked away without saying anything. 

TL;DR: went in for a hug, ruined someone's morning/nObligatory this happened years ago and not today.

I was 18 and up late, prime time for raiding my dad's alcohol. My mom let me have some of her margaritas when we went out to eat together, so I knew I liked them, and I knew my dad had tequila and triple sec. So I got some limes on the way home from work, looked up a quick recipe, and tried to make one myself.

I didn't know what the fuck I was doing, and filled the glass halfway with tequila, a little triple sec, and a little lime. Being 18 and not used to drinking, it was strong as fuck. Like, unbearably strong. This is where the very simple fuck up starts.

I had no idea triple sec had alcohol in it. I thought it was similar to simple syrup, and just used to flavor drinks a certain way. I took a couple swigs and put in more triple sec and lime. Still strong. Few more swigs, more triple sec and lime. *Still* strong. I was out of limes at this point, so I just kept pouring in more and more triple sec, dying to make the alcohol taste go away. And it did.

After the first few pours, I quit tasting the alcohol. Success! I still hadn't finished even half of the drink, but I went to sit down, content that I'd finally made a margarita. I started feeling a little *too* drunk. I decided it would be best to have a lie down, so I poured the rest of the drink out so no one would know what I was up to, and tried to sleep. I felt so dizzy, and the world kept spinning, and my stomach felt funny. Before I could register what was happening, I projectile vomited all over my bedroom floor. Shit.

I wobbled to the bathroom, feeling another vomiting spell coming on, but it wasn't coming right away so I laid down on the floor. Big mistake. After a couple minutes, the waves of nausea grew and grew, until it was time for upchuck #2. Except I was so drunk I couldn't hoist myself up off the floor. I did a half push up and puked again, this time all over the tile, and registered that I was feeling so *cold*. Like, chilled to my bones. So I did the only logical thing and laid in my own warm, wet vomit.

Several more minutes passed and I still wasn't feeling better. In fact, I was feeling *worse*. I was in and out of consciousness and was having trouble breathing. It was like I had to focus on each breath to make sure I didn't stop. I was confident I was at death's door. In my tshirt and underwear, I grabbed my cell phone and called 911 *on myself*. I ran out into the front lawn, still barely clothed, so that whoever was coming wouldn't have to knock on the door and wake my dad up. I remember I felt *so* guilty, and was crying on the phone with the 911 operator. It was about 4am at this point.

A cop car showed up with the fire department paramedics. I was sitting cross legged in the middle of the walkway leading up to the front door, and a policeman walked over and asked me what my name was, and how old I was. The conversation went something like this.

"Hi, how are you doing?"
"Not very good officer, I'm sorry you had to come out here, but thank you for asking."
"Oh, it's ok. How old are you? What's your name?"
"I'm ______, and I'm 18."
"Ok, are your parents home?"
"My dad is. He's asleep right now and I didn't want to wake him up. I know I'm a mess, I'm so sorry."

At this point one of the paramedics helped me into the back of the ambulance. My mascara was smudged all over my face, I had tear streaks on my cheeks, and overall I looked like a hot mess. The paramedic was doing his best not to laugh.

"I'm sorry for laughing ma'am, it's just that I've been there a few times myself."
"Oh no it's totally fine, if I were you I'd probably be laughing too, I know I'm messed up."

My dad was woken up at 4am to see his 18 year old daughter drunk off her ass in the back of an ambulance. They sent me back inside and told me to get some sleep. My dad wasn't mad, he was more amused than anything, but I know my step mom stormed out declaring she didn't want to be associated with me anymore.

Believe it or not, tequila is my favorite alcohol of choice now. Except now I know triple sec isn't just a mixer.

Tl;Dr: didn't know triple sec was alcoholic and poured a shit ton into my drink, thinking it would help dilute it down. Got drunk and laid in my own vomit, then called the cops on myself.

Edit: some common things I'm seeing asked.

The triple sec was 24% ABV. I have my own bottle of it now and can read the label.

I started drinking around 1am, the story ends at 4am, so obviously I had some time to sober up a *little* and call the cops on myself.

I don't remember how I remembered all this.

The EMT asked me if I wanted to go in to the hospital for observation, and said it wouldn't be a bad idea. I told him no knowing it would be expensive, so he let me go. From what I remember he seemed like a cool guy and could see I was feeling better and was gonna be ok./nOblig: So this happened back in my early 20's.  But I consider it a fuck-up (for reasons that will become clearer if you read on; or just skip to the tl;dr for the boring short version).  
  
I met a guy through mutual friends at an after-work meet up & after some chatting he came through with that old chestnut "we should go out sometime."  Seemed like a good idea at the time, so I agreed.  We thumbed our respective numbers into each others' mobile phones.  And when he called a couple of days later, we arranged to meet at a bar/restaurant for a couple of drinks and then dinner.  
  
When I got to the bar, I looked around for him and was a little surprised to see that he was sitting at the piano.  At first, I thought it was one of those places where they let anyone with moderate talent have a go, but it was a rather upscale restaurant so it didn't seem likely.  I walked over and said hello.  He finished playing the piece and then sheepishly admitted that he was actually working there.  That was a little weird, but I went with it.  The plan was, he said, for us to hang out and have a few drinks while he played.  And then when his set was up we could go have dinner, because he really didn't have a lot of money but he wanted to take me someplace nice and, anyway he got a free meal during his break from his gig.  
  
I almost decided to bail right then and there.  But he was a pretty good pianist, and he had a decent voice.  I shrugged (mentally) and figured I would stay and listen for a polite length of time and then make some lame excuse.  
  
I sat on a chair next to the piano & nursed a couple of *Cuba libres* while he played.  At some point, said "it's kinda loud in here" (admittedly true- the bar *was* getting pretty crowded).  Then he scooted over and patted the piano bench.  I scrunched on next to him so we could hear each other over the sound of the piano and the people talking.  
  
Little did I know that this was the first step in his dastardly plan.  
  
Well, I sort-of knew.  I mean, it was an obvious ploy to get me to sit closer (News Flash, guys: you're *usually* not as subtle as you think you are).  But I thought that was *all* it was, and I was so wrong.  
  
A few songs later, he just stopped and told me "you know, ever since you said you'd go out with me, I've had this tune in my head.  It's like something beamed it into me, and I can't stop thinking about it."  And then he played a few notes.  Then he tried out a few chords.  Then a few more notes and chords.  Changed keys.  Fiddled with the time signature.  Diddled around with high keys.  Improvised a bit.  ...
  
... piano playing intensifies ...  
  
Pretty soon, this vague melody starts turning into an actual song.  With a chord progression, notes, fills, and- damn, it's pretty darn good!  I'm like, digging being RIGHT THERE as the creative process happens.  He keeps looking at me and changing things, and every time he does it gets a tiny bit better.  And finally, it's almost perfect.  
  
"Wow," he says.  "It's like it just *CAME* to me.  Like the music was there sitting right next to me or something."  I blush.  Perhaps heave a bosom or two.  
  
And then the *coup de grace*: "I think I'll call it Maggie's Song," he says.  
  
And that, my friends, closed the deal.  I decided that if he wanted to delve into the Treasures of the Sierra Maggies, he would not need no stinking badges.  

And then, as if by magic, his friend the bartender (who I was introduced to earlier) comes over and tells us that if we want to have dinner he could clear us a table.  We had some nice conversation, finished dinner (he at least paid for the whole thing- I would have gladly gone halfsies even though his meal was on the house), and then he went back to his gig for another hour or so...  
  
&lt;INTERLUDE&gt; I should have figured it out right then, because at one point he announced to the bar that he was going to play an original song "inspired by the beautiful girl sitting next to me."  And then he played the song straight through, no errors or hesitation, no pauses to tweak this or that.  But I was so star struck at hearing Maggie's Song's public debut and a little embarrassed by the attention, that I completely missed the obvious.  &lt;/INTERLUDE&gt;
  
We made it to his apartment (barely- I admit to some fairly racy back-of-the-cab macking).  I was only mildly disconcerted by a) his three room mates, b) the fact that his room's furnishings consisted of an end table next to a mattress on the floor, and c) the piles of dirty/dirtier/dirtiest laundry lining the walls.  We did the deed.  Vigorously, and to the tune of Maggie's Song.  No, really- he hummed the (admittedly catchy) melody in time with ...stuff..., which probably was the most impressive feat of the evening.  
  
Eventually, festivities concluded, and I attended to the wrap-up of what was my first (and is still my only) one night stand.  Cab home in the wee hours wearing the previous evening's clothing and a bit of exhaustion the next day.  Not as bad as I'd imagined it to be, actually.  
  
**The Fuckup:**  So, a bit of a tumble with a cute guy who I'd somehow inspired to write a beautiful song that I still had going through my head three days later?  And all it cost me was the price of a couple of pre-dinner drinks and some cab fare home- how is that a FU?  
  
Well here's how:  Two days later, I notice a couple of red welts on my calves and lower back.  They itch like FUCK.  I figure I just got bitten by mosquitoes or something and let it go.  Then more welts.  They heal.  But then two weeks later I get more just like them.  I think maybe I have hives so I make a same-day apt with my doc, expecting to be told to get some cortizone and not eat so much dairy.  But he takes a look and says "have you ever noticed little back dots anywhere in your floor or carpet?"  And I'm like "black dots?"  
  
He said he couldn't be sure, but based on my description of the timing he suspected... you guessed it: bed bugs.  And then he told me to buy some OTC benedryl and cortizone cream and said I should try to figure out what kind of insect it might be and not get bitten by it so much.  No word on the dairy.  
  
Sure enough, as soon as I got home and started looking for it, I found evidence of the little fuckers.  Thankfully, I caught it early.  I now know more than I ever wanted to about the subject.  Apparently, it takes a while for an infestation to catch on, so I was lucky that I found it early.  I called an exterminator, followed their instructions to the letter, and was able to prevent a biblical plague.  
  
One of the things I had to do, per exterminator instruction, was contact the owners of any place I thought I might have originally picked up the bugs.  Which meant I would have to get in touch with Mr. Pianist (who had been maintaining radio silence since he wrote and debuted "Maggie's Song" and shtupped its muse all in one evening).  He made the usual excuses about not calling (it had been two weeks, so I was well over my initial disappointment) and admitted that yeah, maybe, he might have some bedbugs, but they were totally not a problem.  I was like, whatever, and told him he should call an exterminator and do something about it.  And that was the last I heard of the guy.  
  
Except that at some point later, I was telling this story to one of my girlfriends, and I got to the point where I was at the bar and he was playing piano.  And then she says "and let me guess- *he wrote a song right there and named it after you?*"  
  
Turns out, Maggie's Song is also Grace's Song.  And Jennifer's Song.  And Jodie's Song.  Or whoever's song who he happens to be trying to screw that night.  Apparently he's got this down to a science.  That same song goes from random twinklings on the keyboard to a full arrangement in a single evening EVERY TIME.  My brief moment in the spotlight was shared with a number of other unspuspecting muses, at least some of whom probably went on to an evening of pleasure and parasites.  
  
And as much as (in retrospect) it was painfully obvious, that didn't make it any less painful.  I felt so stupid.  Years later, I would watch How I Met Your Mother and realize I'd once been had by something that could have been right out of the Barney Stinson Playbook.  
  
tl;dr: got asked out by a starving muscian.  inspired him to write a song.  melted.  got lucky.  got bedbugs.  found out i wasn't really the inspiration.  /nIt’s 2:00 in the morning. I blearily stumble into the bathroom, flip on the lights, and sit myself down on the toilet. After staring at the floor for a hot second I realize the floor is *staring back*. I don’t know how I didn’t step on it. 

[This goddamned monstrosity](https://imgur.com/gallery/abtH5JO) is between the door and the toilet; which I am currently perched on in what I can only describe as my best pterodactyl impression. It’s not moving, therefore *neither am I*. 

I can’t even shit because I have performance anxiety and *I can feel it watching me* with all of it’s creepy eyes and Russian Olympic judgey-ness. This thing is the size of a Canadian toonie. My dog is functionally useless as an attack dog. He is currently trying to climb up onto the toilet with me. I am Kate Winslet and there is **not** enough room on this goddamned door for you dog!

I’ve spent the last ten minutes screeching for my husband; who is high and playing the bass in the other room. And not answering his fucking phone. 

This is it. This is how I die. :(


[Traitorous pet tax](https://imgur.com/gallery/RLFQBHQ) after he deemed me an idiot and not in danger; Gus decided to have himself a nap on the bath mat. 

TL:DR - I almost stepped on a huge fucking spider and am now trapped on the toilet until my husband hears my screams. 

Edit: because I broke allllll of the rules and basic English when I tried to post this thing. /nSo my sweet daughter loves bringing new “pets” into our house. Right now, she is really into snails, so I made a little snail habitat that she could keep her new found friends in. Well the other day she brought home some snails in a red solo cup and we forgot to put them in the snail habitat right away. The next morning I realize my mistake, put the snails from the cup into the little snail habitat and think nothing more of it! Yesterday I made some coffee. I have a French press, so I boil water in my teapot on the stove for my coffee. I Make my coffee, drink the whole French press of coffee and go about my day. Now here is where I realize I fucked up. This morning I was doing the dishes. I go to wash my teapot, dump the old water out, aaaannnnndd guess what comes out with the old water?! A mother fuckin’ boiled snail! That little bugger climbed into my teapot through the spout thinking it would be a good place to chill. Nope! He got boiled and I made my coffee with snail infused water. Drank the whole damn thing too. Moral of the story: Count the snails. Count the damn snails.

TL;DR Let my daughter bring in her pet snails. One escaped out of the cup she had it in and into my teapot I use to make my coffee. Boiled water for coffee, boiled the snail with out knowing. Drank snail infused coffee./nSo this situation started last night. 

I live in the UK but the company I work for is HQed in Ireland so I spend a few nights a week there in a hotel. It just so happens that this is a super high-end hotel but we get a good corporate rate there so it works out pretty reasonable.

My girlfriend lives in Ireland and she was staying with me, and we decided to make some sex videos on my phone. I’ll spare you the full details, but let’s just say these videos were particularly dirty and verbal, with lots of slurping and gagging noises and references to my dick size.

Anyway we finish around 3-4am, and I decide to start watching some of videos back but the sound on my stupid phone isn’t working. I make sure the volume is fully up and the silent switch is off, but no luck. I play the videos a few more times and just figured that my phone is bust.

Suddenly the people in the upstairs room start stomping around and I’m thinking wtf is their problem don’t they know it’s 4am. Then I realise FUCK my Bluetooth is connected to their speaker - I WAS IN THAT ROOM LAST WEEK. The audio from my sex videos was blaring out in these poor people’s bedroom presumably while they were sleeping.

So today I’m checking out and an American guy is furious with the front desk agent telling her that the radio started playing porn in his room and that he and his wife have never been so disgusted. The agent says the hotel will perform a full investigation.

TL;DR made some sex tapes on my phone, didn’t realise my phone had connected to the speaker of the room I was in last week and I woke up some poor people with gagging noises./nOh boy how I wish this had happened at home. I'm sat on the shitter in one of my university's study spaces too embarrassed to leave. This just happened 5 minutes ago.


So me, being a man of somewhat regular bowel movements, stood up and headed for the toilet about ten minutes ago. Both of the unisex toilets were locked so I found myself a seat for a minute whilst I waited.

Not long after one became available and I headed in, only to find a lot of toilet roll all over the floor and the tap still running. Being the good sort I am, I tutted to myself, bent down and cleared away the paper and turned the tap off.

This is where I fucked up.

I then dropped trou, rotated through 180° and popped a squat. I happily dropped logs for a few minutes, browsing Reddit as I did so (I am a man of culture) and thinking to myself rather proudly that it was definitely one of the smelliest shits I've produced for a while (okay, not that cultured).

Unbeknownst to my forgetful self, I had totally failed to lock the door. Enter poor girl, who sees an unlocked door and heads right for it. The first I know is when the  handle creaks down and the door swings open.

For a good two seconds this girl stares at me and I stare back, neither of us really knowing what to do in such a situation, when the smell obviously hits her and she mumbles a quickfire apology and turns tail for the hills.

TL;DR forgot to lock the door of a public bathroom and accidentally introduced a fellow student to some interesting smells./nSo as I go to warm up my car this morning my neighbor comes out and asks if I have moment. We're cool with each other so I figure no big deal. Well, he proceeds to inform me that while he's happy that my husband and I have a great sex life that he would greatly appreciate if we kept it down in the early evening hours since he had to explain the birds and bees to his 8yo last night.

At this point, I'm confused. We didn't have sex last night. What is he talking about? Then it dawns on me... What they actually heard was us playing Mario kart. They heard me screaming "fuck me" repeatedly while getting hit with a blue shell just before the finish line along with some other colorful language.

TL;DR My neighbor thinks we have a great sex life; I just have a dirty whore mouth while playing Mario kart.

Update: I let my husband know what's up and he just about died of laughter. He is working second shift, so I went over myself to clear the air. Explained what happened to my neighbor, he got embarassed, laughed, and said he wished he had thought of that in the moment. Then he and his daughter could have talked about good sportsmanship instead. His wife is apparently still upset. I've apologized and promised to keep it a bit more PG before bedtime.

Thanks for the gold kind stranger!

Edit: My name isn't Jenny, my number isn't 867-5309, and I have no need for a Zach or Mr. X. I am quite happily married to an awesome man.

Edit: My user name is completely irrelevant. I didn't make a dummy account because I didn't expect this to be seen by more than a few people./nSo this happened about nine years ago now (my how time flies). Anyways, in high school I was in jazz band, and my school would always make the trip south (I’m from Canada) to the Lionel Hampton Jazz Festival held at the university of Idaho in Moscow...Idaho...

Anyways, one of the other guys in the band, call him, I dunno; Balthazar Collector of Souls, was feeling sick one day cause all we’d had to eat really was shitty fast food for a few days. I recommended to old Balthy that we make the trek down to the supermarket to get him something to settle his stomach. He agreed and off we trekked.

When we got there we settled on some ginger-ale for him, and I, feeling peckish grabbed some healthy grapes and chocolate milk. I figured some vitamins would be good for me after three days of McDonald’s. Purchases in hand we started to make the trek back to the arena for the evening concerts. It bears mentioning this walk was about two hours, Balthy and myself had grossly underestimated the distance, but a little exercise never hurts, so off we went!

On our way back I was absentmindedly eating the grapes we had purchased, and had finished my chocolate milk (one of those little ones that look like a jug but not full sized, think they’re a pint?) Balthy and I joked, and chatted our way back, all the while I’m popping grapes in my mouth. About half way back I realize I’ve eaten almost all the grapes, about two pounds, things started to go down hill right around now.

As I previously mentioned I hadn’t been eating well up to this point, and was in fact kind of constipated. Whatever McDonald’s was blocking me up however was no match for the melange of exercise, grapes, and milk that I had just launched at it. I realize now that I had effectively drain snaked my entire bowel, and stuff started to move - fast. We are about a half hour from the arena (and nearest bathroom), and I am desperately trying to hold it together. By fifteen minutes away I’m waddling and speed walking like a penguin who’s been at sea for months.

By five minutes away I don’t know if I’ll make it, I’m sweating from everywhere and very distressed, but the arena is in sight. I break off into a sprint, and tear into the nearest bathroom. What followed was the most horrifyingly loud and violent diarrhea I have ever experienced in my life. So violent in fact that I actually shouted in pain as the deluge exploded from my poor anus.

After an indeterminable amount of time, full of agony, and I’ll admit fear, and some crying. I looked to wipe. In my haste I had not noticed the stall I selected had no toilet paper. “That’s ok,” I thought, “I’ll just make the quick dash over to the stall next door!” Oh, my folly. I realized though, that I had such a mess of myself there was obviously splash from the toilet (gross) and so I bent over to keep my cheeks apart and backed out of the stall.

I emerged, splattered ass first, and was greeted by two members of my band who had apparently been in the stalls when I arrived, two kind band members who had heard the entire cacophony decided to see if the crying person in the stall was ok, two band members with such kindness and mothering instincts that they could only be female. I turn around and we lock eyes, I glance between them frantically and then look helplessly around the bathroom to see that there are no urinals anywhere.

Horrified by the fact their classmate has just exposed himself to them, covered in diarrhea splash-back, the two girls run out and I dash into the next stall to clean myself. When I was finished I leave the stall only to be greeted once again by a woman at the sink who stares daggers at me. As I exit the bathroom I look back and see the six foot tall yellow letters that say ‘WOMEN’. Their gargantuan size taunts me as I go off to find the rest of the band, all of whom have heard the girl’s version of events and collapse in laughter as I approach. I’m just happy I didn’t ruin my pants.

TLDR: ate a bunch of grapes and chocolate milk, almost shat myself, ended up having terrible diarrhea in the women’s washroom, didn’t have TP, made a dash to the next stall and ended up exposing myself to two of my classmates.

Edit: This is by far my most upvoted anything, so thanks for all the love! I’m really glad you guys enjoyed the story. For those saying so, it is DEFINITELY not as bad as blasting it in either or both of those girl’s faces. But that story definitely reminded me of my diarrhea story and I felt I should share.

Some people were wondering about where I could have gone in Moscow that was that far away and I honestly don’t know. We definitely got lost at least once or twice, just from being outa towners, not that it’s complicated. I believe we may have gone further than we needed to, we just went to the grocery store we knew about, which was attached to that small mall. It also may have been a case of time dilation, minutes tick by slow when you have to go./nThis post is purely out of a desire to take my mind off the pain.

Holy Jesus Lord.

So you know the drill.  Got out of bed in the middle of the night, gotta drain the little u/Trussed_Up, gotta wet my thirst.

I usually keep a glass beside my bed to drink from whenever I wake up.  Was carrying that back to my bed when **FUCKING WHAM**.  I slip like a bender's first time on ice.

First thing I think of was "oh fucking shit, my favourite nightglass just smashed on the ground and now I'm covered in glass.

Second thought was "OH FUCKING SHIT, THAT'S NOT WHERE MY KNEE IS SUPPOSED TO BE".

I looked at my own leg in the dark of the 3:30 am Canadian morning.

My kneecap was completely backwards.  It was, to the letter of the goddamn word so I better not hear about it, **LITERALLY** BACKWARDS.

My kneecap was underneath my knee.

Now I ain't no pansy, so I took one look at it and threw up.

Then I lay there for probably 1 or 2 *minutes* contemplating how much I loved baby Jesus.

Since there was nothing for it, I did the most insane thing I've ever done, and in one motion, grabbed my own kneecap, straightened out my knee, and shoved that motherfucker back in place....

Except I missed apparently.  And it went over to the other side of my knee.  Cue baby Jesus again.

Now I've played enough hockey to know that sonofabitch needs to be in the right spot before you move.  So I grabbed it, praying like father Dennis would be proud, and put it back in place with both hands.

The first thing your mind goes to is this. https://youtu.be/-kcOpyM9cBg?t=440

The second thing is HOLY FUCK I HOPE THAT'S NOT GONNA AFFECT MY LIFE

Couldn't really move.  Called my clinic since I didn't want to jam up 911, and now I'm writing this to take my mind off it while I wait.

TLDR:  When you're 99% asleep and draining the dragon, use the 1% brainpower to WATCH WHERE YOU'RE GOING

**The post clinic EDIT:**  Well that was painful as fuck.  The waiting that is.  4 hours or so.  The knee hurt too, but oddly not nearly as much as you would expect.  As long as there's zero weight on it, it's really not the most painful injury I've had.  Any weight makes me want to yell though, so definitely keeping off it.

The doctor was surprised to find in the x-rays that I don't seem to have any bone damage.  He was *not surprised* to find I likely have fairly extensive muscle and tendon damage (hard to tell with the swelling).  I got a loose brace, a whack of painkiller/anti-inflamatory pills, crutches, a new ice-pack wrap thing, and a whole bunch of physio to go to.

All because chamberpots went out of style./nI was on our deck last night enjoying a joint.  I usually vape at night because it’s discreet and there’s no smell. I have 2 kids 14 & 17 and they have no idea I partake.  Being 420 and not smoking a joint since summer,  it was a beautiful spring evening so I decided to treat myself.

I heard my neighbour come outside to let her dogs out.  My neighbour doesn’t know I smoke and not sure I want her to.  I quickly snuffed out my joint, hid it in my hand with intent to flush it, and came in the house.  

I walked into the the house and my 14yr old daughter was standing in the kitchen.  “Oh THERE you are”.  Unbeknownst to me, the joint was still a little bit lit and she totally smelled the weed.

Well.... needless to say I was busted and we totally reversed roles.

We had an honest talk about it.  I do use because of my knee pain and I accentuated the benefits it has for that, but I feel like I let her down and am not the example I ought to be. 

She’s very mature for a 14yr old and did say she feels more comfortable to come to me about stuff now that she knows I’m not uptight about weed.

This is just not how I wanted it to go.  With legalization around the corner I was going to tell the kids, just not yet. 

TL;DR got busted smoking weed by my kid, but have a better relationship for it./nA bit NSFW, as the title suggests. I'm the girlfriend in this story.

Like most of these this actually happened a few nights ago, For reasons (holidays and flu) my boyfriend and I haven't had sex or any of its variants for approximately 4 weeks. So understandably we were ready to go. The night began as most nights together usually do. He cooked chili for dinner, I love spicy food so to accommodate he chopped up some real chilies to put in, however I have a high tolerance for spice and didn't really taste it. We watched a movie, cuddled, then got down business. He went down first, fingering and all that good stuff. I noticed it felt a bit different than usual, namely a slight burning sensation, but I am still working on loosing my inhibitions so figured it was just new feelings.

That was until I called for a break and realized the sensation was still there and growing. Now that other things weren't there to distract me the burning went from mild to my ‘vagina just ate a ghost pepper’. I am clutching my nether region as my boyfriend looks up in confusion when he realizes that he probably didn't wash his hands between cutting the chili and starting on me.

I tell him immediately to grab a towel and get this shit off me. It feels like I sat bare ass on a stove top, like I just used a porcupine as a vibrator. He immediately dashes out the door and it doesn't completely shut before I hear him cackle. He comes back with a wet towel and I immediately begin rubbing to try and stop the burn but it doesn't work. Through our laughter and my cries of pain we try and google any solutions, but as one might expect the results for "what do you do if you smear chili juice on your vagina" are nonexistent.

Boyfriend jumps up and makes another dash to the kitchen coming back with one of those cans of whipped cream. My response is hell no. A. Thats my roommates, B. this is really not the sexual situation whipped cream should appear in, C. that is a recipe for a UTI. My vagina is slightly tempered by the cloth but still feels like a bad kind of firework show. He runs back out and returns without the whipped cream and with a carton of milk, because milk is supposed to help when eating spicy food right? Well that is how I end up on my back, knees bent, clutching a cold carton of milk between my thighs. Both of us doubled over in laughter. At least it finally extinguished the flames. It was absolutely the weirdest sexual situation we've been in, and neither of us will ever live this down.

TL/DR: Boyfriend doesn’t wash hands after cutting chilies, sets girlfriends vagina on fire.

Edit: Well this exploded, I guess everyone loves a good sexy mishap. Just a few updates, my vagina is fine, the burning stopped about 5 minutes later. My boyfriend and I still laugh about it. When I think about it i'm not surprised so many other people have had this happen.  Thanks everyone for advice and for the laughs! /nObligatory this didn't happen today and apologies for poor mobile formatting. It was about 4 years ago now, so it's the best time to reminisce. (This includes some description of/reference to  genitalia)
I was never big into 'treating myself' or any self care but my friend's mom is into it. She got me a gift card to lush and I got the first and subsequently last bath bomb of my life. It smelled so good, and was so aesthetically pleasing. 
I take the bath and dropped the bomb in. I felt like I completed something in a teenage girl task book, but there was glitter on everywhere. I can not  emphasize every where enough.  I had to scrub myself raw several times to get most of it off.  
I just thought, well whatever. A few days went by and I had a mild amount of pain in my pelvic region. I had an upcoming obgyn appointment to take out my IUD which worked out well timing wise. As the NP went to take it out, she told me there was glitter in my cervix. Not just a few flecks but a decent amount. To quote her, it's like a disco in here. The bath bomb had given me not only a decorated cervix but a mild infection too. 


TL;DR: Bath bombs can mess up your lady bits by making it look like a disco.

Edit: grammar.
Edit 2: Thank you for blowing up my TIFU, I hope this brings joy to someone or a good cringe. 
Edit 3: Thank you for the gold, it's almost as shiny as my cervix !!/nMy sister-in-law is an absolute technophobe. She has always had some shit mobile phone but recently upgraded to an iPhone due to some pressure from her kids. She was having some problems with certain aspects of it, certain things draining her battery etc and asked me if I could have a look at it. So, me being the absolute evil genius that I am, entered a text shortcut so that when she typed the word 'Jay' (which is her husbands name) it would come up 'you're a fat bitch! Lol jk'. I know this is hardly an imaginative prank, and an infantile text, she would try and text her husband 'Hi Jay' and it would come up 'Hi you're a fat bitch! lol jk' which seemed like a pretty harmless joke that he wouldn't really be offended by. So I sit back to wait for the outcome.

Fast forward a couple of hours and I hear an ungodly hammering of my front door. I answer the door and she shoves past me, "WHAT THE FUCK DID YOU DO TO MY PHONE?!?!" I am completely taken aback by how angry she is and was like "Sorry Kelly, it was only a joke, was Jay pissed off?" to which she replied "I didn't fucking text Jay, my friend's mum had just died, I wrote to her on facebook to say 'So sorry for your loss, thinking of you, love Kelly and Jay'" What she had actually written was "So sorry for your loss, thinking of you, love Kelly and you're a fat bitch! lol jk"

/nThrowaway account for obvious reasons, and on mobile so forgive the bad incoming auto-correct.

So a little background. I had been visiting family out of state for Christmas. I was there for two weeks, and it was a great time. The thing is though that in order to save money I stayed with them at their house, rather than at a hotel. It was a great financial help, but the thing is (and I’m sorry for the upcoming descriptiveness, per say) I’m used to “self completing” every couple days or so. And I really am not comfortable masturbating in somebody else’s house.

Soooo over the last couple days I was feeling more and more...in the mood, lol. Going two full weeks without getting off basically made every little thing trigger my brain to full-horny mode. I still didn’t feel comfortable taking care of business in my sister and brother-in-law’s home though (although I did consider it). My flight back home was earlier today, and I was sorry to be leaving but was quite excited (no pun intended) to get home and go to town tonight.

After landing and getting my bag from baggage claim, I did have a stop to make. My work secret Santa took place while I was out of town. They knew I’d be late, but I still hadn’t picked up the gift to give so I went to the mall on the way home. This was my first mistake, lol. 

I should mention that I am a pretty avid Pokémon Go player (level 36, team Mystic if you’re wondering). As I was walking around the mall, I remembered that this particular mall has lots of pokestops. I opened the game up and started playing. During this entire time, I still had masturbating in the back of my mind and was kind of trying to hurry up in the mall so I could go home.

Then I got an idea. Pokémon Go Plus is an accessory for Pokémon Go. It is basically a button that you press to catch Pokémon or spin pokestops for items without actually opening the game. When there is a Pokémon or pokestop in range...the Go Plus vibrates repeatedly. I went to every single pokestop in the mall and placed a lure module (increases Pokémon spawns at the pokestops) and also dropped an incense (increases Pokémon spawns around the player’s avatar). So I maxed out the amount of spawns in this mall. Stuff was spawning like crazy...then I went into the ladies room and into the first stall.

I unzipped my pants, took my Go Plus, clipped it to the inside of the fly of my jeans in *just* the right spot, and zipped back up. I’m also wearing tight skinny jeans and going commando (I always do when I fly...not a fan of getting a wedgie while stuck in an airplane seat next to a stranger so I can’t fix it), so at this point I basically have my Go Plus pressed directly against me pretty snugly.

And this, my friends, is your brain on hormones: I start walking around the mall, focusing on where I knew pokestops were located. This thing was vibrating non stop. It’s not the strongest vibration in the world, this obviously isn’t it’s intended purpose, but when you were in my...err...state of mind, it was driving me up the wall.

I basically couldn’t take it anymore, I ran into a foot locker and bought a team-branded shirt for my secret Santa gift, paid quickly and decided I need to go home and take care of business *now*. I’m basically race-walking through the parking lot my Go Plus is still vibrating repeatedly. Did I mention it’s icy out? And that this parking lot hasn’t been salted?

With my mind focusing on other things...I slipped. I tried catching myself with a Sears cart-corral, but all that did was cause me to flip around as I kept slipping while grabbing on to it. I slammed into the ground face-first. It hurt. Bad. Especially my arm and my crotch. I got to my car as quickly as I could.

I dislocated my arm while hanging on to the cart corral trying not to fall, and when I slammed onto the ground...I broke my Go Plus in my pants in the process. Remember how I said I had it in just the right spot? Now there was a shard of plastic sticking out of what can only be described as just the wrong spot. I pulled it out and the bleeding ensued. Not gushing, but bloody and painful. I keep a first aid kit in my trunk so I got it out and put some neosporin and a band-aid basically on my clit. Then, I went to the hospital and had to get my arm re-located.

So now I have no Pokémon Go Plus, a still-sore arm in a sling, and it’s gonna be a few more days before I can actually take care of business while I wait for my business to heal. When it comes to putting a Pokémon Go plus in your pants, 0/10 would not recommend.

TL;DR was horny, put a Pokémon Go plus in my pants for the vibration, got distracted in the mall, left the mall, slipped on ice, dislocated my arm and stabbed my crotch in broken Pokémon plastic./nThis happened a few hours ago

So a little backstory: I live with a flatmate who is never home, I had a day off from classes and decided to 'treat my self' with a nice hot steaming bath.

So, it was a hot day today and I decided to take a bath. I ALWAYS take a shower so I had no idea how to set the bath's temperature correctly, I accidently got it to be a little too warm. 

I decide to treat myself even further with a plate of nachos, guacamole and my laptop on a table high enough for me to reach as I'm in the bath. I take my clothes off, step in and realize it a little too warm for my comfort but it ain't no biggy, I lay down and 'relax' but my horny teenager hormones hit me all of a sudden. I. HAVE. TO. WATCH. PORN. 

I get on my laptop, turn from watching an episode of parks and rec into brazzers, put on a 3 hour porn video and begin beating my meat. For some reason it suddenly starts getting too hot, my forehead is full of sweat and my heart is pounding, I feel like I wanna pass out.

I beat my meat furiously at this point, my heart rate increasing with every stroke, it feels like I'm gonna have a Heartattack and just as soon as I orgasm, I pass out. 

A few minutes later I'm awoken up by the sound of my flatmate breaking the door of the toilet and the unmistakable sound of a woman being pounded into oblivion, her moans loud and clear as day. My flatmate got home early today with his friend from work who I never met, they broke in because they needed the toilet and I never opened it for them. 

I'm still in my bedroom hiding until this embarrassing event is forgotten by all parties, I think it will take a few years... FML

TLDR: flatmate and his friend found me passed out in bathtub with porn blaring out of my laptop

Update: im really fucking embarrassed, I booked a 5 day trip to another country just to get away from this mess.

Edit: rip inbox/n 

Obligatory this happened many years ago, sometime in the mid-90s when I was 11 or 12. When I was growing up I had a tendency to initially fall in with friends more for the entertainment value than for the bond of friendship, which led to some lifelong friendships as a result of zany shared experiences and also some extremely poor decisions. As you might imagine, this story falls into the latter category.

One my closest friends at the time was an only child whose parents were mostly absentee, as they had him unexpectedly when they were in their 40's and didn't really have the energy to chase him around. As an alternative, they basically attempted to buy his love by giving him a generous allowance and mostly looking the other way as he did whatever he wanted, which mostly meant wreaking havoc around our small suburban neighborhood. I became close friends with him mainly because my parents would drop me off and his parents would leave us alone, so we could chill out in the basement of his house and watch R-rated movies like Reservoir Dogs, Pulp Fiction and Heat.

That was far from the weirdest stuff this kid had accrued, however - we're talking he had a shoebox full of floppy disks with odd porn (e.g. Wizard of Oz, and yes Toto was there but thankfully just watched), tons of cardboard cutouts he'd swipe from the local video store and his prized possession, a chrome -plated M1911 cap gun with a black handgrip and the orange tip painted chrome to look more "genuine". With all this and all the video game systems popular at the time and even a computer connected to the primitive (at the time) internet, this kid's house was an absolute playground for a middle school kid like me with time to kill. One fateful hot July afternoon, my parents dropped me off at his house and the fun began.

As I sauntered up his driveway, the first thing I saw was my friend with a dark red gas can (the kind that holds a gallon or two of gasoline for a push mower or other household gas-powered tool) looking down at what seemed to be a ceramic vase. This couldn't end well... so of course I had to go take a look!

"Hey man, what're you up to?"

"I'm making some homemade napalm. I heard from Charlie at school that if you mix a bunch of styrofoam peanuts with gasoline, it'll all mix together and burn for HOURS man. This is gonna be sweet!"

"Are you sure that's a good idea?" I started to step back, as I knew where this was going. Just a few weeks before this my friend had ignited a whole pack of matches and nearly burned down his neighbor's house when the matches burned his hand.

"FUCK yeah man, don't be a goddamn pussy." As he says this, he lights up a match, stands back a step and casually tosses it into the vase like one of those movie heroes throwing a match or a zippo into a trail of gasoline leading to the bad guys. Needless to say, the reaction was more than we anticipated - immediately a tsunami of hellfire came bursting out the mouth of the vase like the exhaust from a jet engine, the tips of the flames licking the gutters of the house. We both just stood there in awe, unable to move - I was thinking we are fucking definitely going to jail for this.

Thankfully, my friend's parents were out and I'm guessing the neighbors were out running errands or something too, as no one called the police or the fire department and gradually the flames reduced down to embers. I have no idea how the vase didn't bust apart from the extreme heat and pressure - I just couldn't believe we had gotten away with it.

By this time I wanted to be anywhere but at the house, as I was still obsessed with the idea that somehow the FBI or something would show up and lock us up forever for endangering the whole neighborhood. After some cajoling, my friend agreed to go down the hill to the Mr. Cookie to grab a bite to eat, but before we ventured out he said, "Hold on, I need to go grab something." He ran inside and came back outside a minute later grinning from ear to ear. I didn't even want to know what he had done, so I just shook my head and started walking, hoping we'd be able to settle down and relax in front of a movie or something for the rest of the afternoon.

The walk down the hill proceeds fairly uneventfully, and I'm breathing a sigh of relief thinking we were out of the woods as we arrive in front of the Mr. Cookie. As I'm about to walk in, my friend says, "Hey man, one minute, I wanna try something." I start to turn around, and as I do he grabs me around the neck, presses my body to his like a human shield, grabs the chrome-plated cap gun from his pocket and points it at my head. "None of you punk bitches better move, or I'mma execute this muthafucka!!!" My friend screamed this at the top of his lungs to our fellow pedestrians, which included an elderly grandma with a shopping cart, a soccer mom with two kids and a police officer who happened to just be pulling in front of the Mr. Cookie at that moment.

The women and children screamed and scattered, the soccer mom using her body to shield her kids, throw them into her minivan and speed off into traffic, swerving wildly and almost clipping a passing Toyota. The police office jumps out of his car and immediately draws his gun, using his vehicle as cover. "DROP THE GUN!!!"

My friend didn't anticipate this turn of events, and yet he doubled down, probably because he's seen way to many crime thrillers and had more or less waiting his entire life for a situation like this. "You drop the gun, PIG, or I'll paint the goddamn sidewalk with this kid's brains!" At this point I was on the verge of fainting from panic, and with my eyes starting to roll back into my head the world slowed down and got fuzzy. As my body started to go limp, my friend finally got a little bit concerned or at least distracted, tossing the gun down on the ground so he could catch me on my way down. The cop took this opportunity to rush in and tackle my friend to the pavement, and I remember hearing a wet smack.

As I start to come to, I'm sitting on the curb with my hands cuffed behind my back next to my friend, who is bleeding from his scalp and crying. Long story short, the cops took us down to the station to book us as if we were adults (mainly to scare the shit out of us, successfully) and released us to our parents. I'm not sure if there were more long-term consequences for my friend, as I had enough at that point and never spoke to him again, but thankfully my friend admitted that it was all his idea and corroborated my story as just being the victim. I did look him up a few years ago just to see what he was up to these days, and it seems he owns a small construction company with the word "Reliable" in the title. That one gave me a good chuckle.

TL;DR displayed extremely poor judgment in making friends, nearly burned down a house and got arrested after a fake Mexican standoff./nThis happened when I was a kid but the fuck-up came back to haunt me not too long ago. 

When I was young I was extremely infatuated with animals. I was forever bringing home stray cats and injured birds. My dad, a rough trawler fisherman all his life, couldn't understand his daughters obsession with  animals. He believes animals are for food, not cuddling. 

And this is how what is now known in our family as the 'Eel Incident' came to be. 

One day my dad brought home a bucket full of eels he caught from our local lake together with one of our neighbours. Smoked eel is a local delicacy where I'm from, so that what my dad and his mate planned to do with their catch. They were pretty chuffed with themselves, cracked a few celebratory beers outside whilst cranking up the smoker. 

Whilst my dad and his friend were getting drunk outside I decided to have a peak at their catch in the kitchen. I peeled the lid off the bucket and was surprised to discover the 30+ eels in the bucket were still alive, just wriggling and sliding in a giant slime ball. 

My bleeding heart immediately kicked in. Those poor eels! They don't even have water! How are they supposed to breathe?! 
So I sprung in action and threw a pan full of water in the bucket. The eels liked it, they wiggled more. Another pan. More movement. 
I was delighted...  Until one of the bigger eels broke loose from the ball and managed to slide over the edge of the bucket. 

Drats. I hadn't anticipated that. And I realised I was in lots of trouble if my dad found out I tampered with his catch. So I tried to grab the eel and put it back with his slimy friends. Great plan except that holding a slippery eel is a lot like, well... holding a slippery eel. 

After many frantic attempts I finally got a good hold of the creature and quickly tried to put it back in the bucket.  But a fatal combination of my panic, clumsiness and complete lack of coordination (which I still suffer from to this day) I accidentally kick over the bucket. 

Eels EVERYWHERE. 

At this moment my dad hears the commotion and opens up the door to find me frozen in the middle of a quickly spreading carpet of eels, whilst still desperately clutching one individual. 

He quickly responds and frantically starts to catch the eels before they spread further. But, again, eels are mighty slippery and it didn't help that I added two panloads of water to the slimy mess that is now our kitchen floor. Right behind my dad is our neighbour who was a bit tipsy after the celebration beers. He immediately comes to my dads assistance but forgets to close the door behind him, allowing his feisty little Jack Russell terrier to come in. The dog snaps into full possessed kill mode, catching and shaking the eels at a demonic speed. Slime and fishguts splash up the kitchen walls. The neighbour starts yelling at the dog, I start wailing, my mum comes running in and starts screaming when she sees the mayhem that is her kitchen. In all this confusion my dad looses his balance on the slimy floor, slips over, crushes 3 eels and breaks a finger. 

I can't remember how it all ended because I was send off to my room and had to stay there for 2 weeks. 
I do remember the kitchen stinking like fishguts for months after, no matter how much my mum scrubbed it. And me hearing about it every time she did. 

The Eel Incident happened about 20 years ago. 5 years ago my parents sold their house and the new owners did some renovations to the kitchen. Behind one of the cupboards they discovered what they thought were the remains of a snake (which is pretty unlikely since my parents live in Holland). When my dad came over to inspect he found that it was in fact the mummified remains of a getaway eel. 

TL;DR: Me trying to help a bucketload of eels causes great pain and suffering for everyone involved. Except the dog. The dog had a fat time. 

EDIT: first gold! Thanks stranger! I'd give you a eel bouquet if I could. /n[First post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9b5c3x/tifu_by_knocking_up_a_girl_on_the_first_night_but/)

Update time. I booked an appointment to get myself checked. I have started to look for legal advice, and I'll probably make a post in r/legaladvicecanada tomorrow.

OK, things I left out of the first post, mainly due to the general confusion of the situation and trying to recall all the stuff that happened;

\- She refused to take the home early pregnancy detection test, citing disrespect on my part (I was respectfully but firmly challenging the timeline).

\- When I asked her when was the start of her last menstrual cycle, she immediately said July 27th (I met her for the first time on August 21st).

\- She made threats. ''You should get slapped'' ''I can send some people''. I asked her if those were actual threats, she said yeah. Later, I asked her if she knew that making these kind of threats is an actual crime, she asked nervously if I had recorded it. I should have, was too nervous to think about it beforehand.

\- I did ask her to see some form of proof of pregnancy.

\- She has said earlier that she had a home abortion with a pill. I include this fact because she sent me [this](https://imgur.com/a/qA4bSmS). She has not yet answered with a picture of the dates, which makes me think this bottle might be from the previous abortion.

​

So to recap, even though she's obviously a manipulator, I think some things she said were true, like her two previous abortions and somehow, because of the swiftness of her answer, the start of her last menstrual cycle. Now, my train of thought is that if she was trying to frame me as the father, she would have planned a logical timeline that fit with our first encounter. Her starting a (assuming a somewhat regular) cycle on July 27th would approximately make her fertile from August 10th to the 14th. So a week or more before we met. Which would then coordinate with a possible positive blood test on August 24th.

Thoughts?

&#x200B;

Edit: I just found this on her FB, from August 9th​ [https://imgur.com/a/5ZAcWLe](https://imgur.com/a/5ZAcWLe). Dear God.

TL;DR I might not be completely cleared yet, but logic seems to be on my side. I think.

Update: I got a call from a private number at 2:14 am, didn't answer ofc.

Update (9/06): After blood and urine tests, I am free of STDs! I also didn't have any contact with Bullet Bill since last update./nThis happened yesterday. I'm still laughing about it, people still won't talk to me.

Yesterday started off as any normal Tuesday. I strolled into work a little early, got my stuff together, and hopped on our weekly Tuesday morning meeting. I was on the schedule to give a short presentation on some of the work I've been doing, creating documentation for the standard technology we use in our business division. I'm wearing my noise cancelling headphones, watching these much more experienced engineers talk about their work with the company infrastructure.

About 45 minutes into this meeting, I notice the engineers on my row stand up and quickly moving toward the exit. I take off my headphones and hear an alarm going off. All I could make out was this voice saying "*bzzzt burrb* This is not a drill." My mind jumps to fire. So I run with the pack to get outside. 

We get outside, and I see people SPRINTING to their cars and driving away. I think to myself, that seems awfully uncharacteristic of a fire. I find one of the guys from my team and ask him what he heard. He said this alarm alerted the campus of a possible armed assailant on the property. 

30 minutes later, dozens of police cars have shown up, there is a media helicopter circling the building, and armed guards with their weapons drawn scanning the building floor by floor. Definitely not what I was expecting going into today.

I find some of the other workers I've talked with. I told them I was supposed to be giving a presentation today that I'm not entirely sure I was ready for. My next thought just blurted out:

"Guess I really dodged a bullet there."

They all just stared at me. I realized it as soon as I said it. My face got super red, my palms got sweaty, and I just turned around to leave for the day. Fast forward to today and no one is talking to me. 

TL;DR possible armed assailant reported at my work, and I just fed the trauma/nThis is one of the most ridiculous things that I've ever experienced in life. I know the title sounds click-baity, but seriously, there were tables and ladders and reddit involved. 

My wife and I moved to a town near her parents and her mother loves to come around to help us do stuff. It's like we have our own handy man. My wife will say something like "Oh we were thinking of painting our walls yellow" and my mother-in-law would be here with paint buckets and brushes. I don't know why she insists on this, but my wife is indulging her because we think she's just really bored. 

In any case, yesterday, she was helping us wallpaper our walls and she absolutely INSISTED that she did it all herself instead of letting me do it, so I'm stood there holding this rickety step ladder she's got as she aligns the patterns and does everything else. This went on for like a few hours where I literally just followed her around asking if I could help and being refused.

I'm quite bored at this point because she won't let me do anything, so I whip out my phone and I start reading this FU on this sub about some dude who whipped his boss's son's dick with a microphone and I heard the ladder creak. 

Let me just help you visualize the room at this point. So my MIL is doing the wall where my wife's vanity table normally is. It's this wood/glass top thing that we moved behind the ladder before we started doing the walls. The reason we did this is because my MIL is using the vanity table to keep some shit like extra glue and some other tools handy.

So anyway, as soon as I turn, my mother-in-law's screaming "ooh!" in that stereotypical old lady in trouble voice. She was a bit wobbly and maybe she would've been fine if I just left her alone to balance out on her own, but no. I was so distracted at the time, I assumed she was in immediate danger so I threw my phone to the ground and grabbed the ladder to steady it (like I was supposed to the whole time). That seemed to have thrown her entirely off balance because I see her start to fall...I grab her by the legs, but I'm on the other side of the fucking ladder so it's quite an awkward rescue position. What happened was that I basically did some sort of wrestling move like a real flimsy [Alabama Slam](https://youtu.be/QqgmKIdme4c?t=10s) or some shit and she came crashing down through the fucking table (I'm not really that into wrestling, so I'm pretty sure there's a better move out there)

I assumed the worst, but her injuries didn't seem as serious as I would've expected them to be. She didn't break any bones or anything, thank fuck, but she did get a few cuts and definitely a big bruise. She was refusing to go to the doctors last night and I've been feeling so guilty about it, but at the same time, playing it back in my head is so fucking comical. Luckily my MIL has a similar view on the whole thing. There's no love lost or anything. My wife and I have insisted on taking her to get herself checked out today, so while I wait for her to let me know when she's ready to leave, I thought I'd share this moment with you. 

**TL;DR: Was supposed to hold the ladder for my mother in law. Decided to browse reddit instead and smashed her through a table when she began to wobble.** 

Edit: so after she spent all day doing more handy work shit at our place, we finally got her checked out. Had an X-ray done and she’s all good. Nothing broken or cracked and her bruise should subside in a day or 2. I thought she hit her head on the edge of our bed, but there was no bump and it all seemed fine. The doctor was not amused, but he was pretty impressed that it wasn’t worse as well. We got really lucky. 

Edit2: [For those of you wanting to read the microphone FU I was reading at the time](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/8cp6n8/tifu_by_playing_swords_with_my_bosss_son/)/nSo there's some things you have understand before I start this story.  I'm in grade ten of high school (this happened in June, so about a month ago).  I am an incredibly anti-social person.  Up until this point I have never even tried to ask a girl out.  This was my first time EVER.  So I walk up to her, absolutely terrified, and just before I say anything, I trip on a crack in the side walk and land right on my face.  I get up instantly and try to play it off, blood gushing out of my nose.  She is freaking, and I'm stumbling around mumbling "its okay, I'm fine, I'm fine" when I fall for a second time, this time backwards, cracking the back of my head against the sidewalk, knocking me out cold.  I wake up in the hospital a few hours later, luckily with no serious injuries, except maybe my pride.

TL;DR Tried to ask a girl out, ended up in hospital/nThis was years ago when you could pump gas at the gas station and then pay after.

At this time I worked over night security. I had two vehicles registered in my name. One I drove and the other my sister drove. For some reason I was getting prank calls during a two week period. I would always get calls at 1 or 2 am. After a while it was very annoying. 

One night I got a call a little after 2am. It went something like this.
Me: What!?
P.O: Hi this is Officer Jones from the (redacted) police department. 
Me: Oh really??
P.O: Yes we have footage of you stealing gas from the gas station. 
Me: Oh is that right? You have footage of me stealing gas?
P.O: Yes, this is a serious matter, we ran your plates and the vehicle is registered to you. 
Me: Oh sure you did. Whatever man do what you gotta do.
P.O: I don't think you understand the severity of this situation. 
Me: I don't think you understand that I don't give a fuck.
P.O: I will send officers to your house right now.
Me: Please do bitch.
P.O: Ok, I tried to explain the severity of this situation to you respectfully. 
Me: Why are you still talking? I don't give a fuck bitch, send the whole police force to my house. (Click!)

Not much longer after that, my sister calls me. She tells me the cops are at our house looking for me. At that time I'm like what the fuck? Then I start putting two and two together. My sister at the time had a druggy piece of shit boyfriend who would often drive her car. Then it dawned on me that he was the one stealing gas in my other car. I tell my sister that it's obviously him that stole the gas. 
Remember that whole stop snitchin' campaign? Well my sister was all about that. She would not admit her dumb ass boyfriend did anything. 

After I get off the phone with my sister. Office Jones calls back and I change my tune real quick. I explain that I had no idea he was a real cop and I apologized for calling him a bitch ect. I then explain that my sister's asshole boyfriend is the one who they should be looking for. I tell him I am definitely at work with my other car and can get any verification that he needs. 

Did they end up finding my sister's boyfriend? Yes, but only because he was arrested for a robbery a couple of days later.

TLDR, I thought I got a prank call saying I stole gas and told a police officer to send the whole police force to my house. They sent officers and I realized my sister's druggy boyfriend stole gas while I was at work. 

EDIT: Thanks for the silver. Ok so to address a few things. This was in Virginia. There was a time you could pump gas and then pay later. Now you have to either pre pay or use your card. 
Why did they call me at 2am? I assume because the theft took place briefly before that. Considering the call was after 2am made me have no doubt it had to be a hoax. 
I still talk to my sister. But this caused us to have a falling out. She ended marrying her loser bf. He is in prison now btw./nAlmost two years ago now.

Two kids, boys, 5 and 4. Fight like cats and dogs. Anything to annoy the other and start a fight. Grab a random object and throw it at the other when Dad isn't looking kind of thing.

One day I'm cleaning up the kitchen and the ruckus is extreme. I interject and sit them both down for a long talk about how much better things can be if they cooperate instead. At the end of it, I went back into the kitchen and resumed cleaning. A remarkable length of *quiet* while later, the 4yo comes to me.

4yo: Dad, Dad, come see what I made! \*grabbing my hand\*

Me: Sure, lets see.

He leads me to their room to the corner table where they have art supplies. And points to the papers on the table. He likes to draw and I encourage it when I can. What I see on the table however, are just random scribbles...

Me: Is this what you wanted to show me? \*I pick up the paper and check both sides, just a few random scribbles\*

Me: That's... great buddy, but why don't you come get me when it's finished? \*I put the paper down and turn to walk\*

4yo: No, NO! Dad, *LOOK!* \*pointing at the papers\*

Okay, maybe I missed one? I look through them again, no, just scribbles? I'm still looking at them when suddenly..

4yo grabs the papers from my hand and tosses them back on the table.

4yo: OK Dad, I'll show you later, you can go. \*pushing me towards the door\*

I'm a little confused, he's not like this usually. I pause outside their room, and when I do, I hear the crinkle of cellophane. 

My boys room is off the hallway leading to the stairs down the the basement. The stairs to the basement, are crinkling. 

I poke my head around the corner of the staircase and there is 5yo. With a package of Oreos clutched to his chest. He looks at me with big eyes and I just hold out one hand and point with the other. I took the package and he walked by right as I couldn't hold my Dad face any longer. 

See, the Oreos were on top of the refrigerator. So what has happened is 4yo baited me, while 5yo got a chair from the dining room, carried it to the kitchen to retrieve the loot then put the chair back and hid. This has to have been meticulously plotted. I'm a mix of horrified and proud.

I had to quickly put Dad face back on to tell them to not sneak treats and to now clean their room. Then I left the room and had a brief "What have I done?" moment back in the living room.

TL;DR My kids went from the Animaniacs to Pinky and the Brain./nSo a few weeks ago I read this post (https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9qlsq6/tifu_by_pressing_the_emergency_911_button_at_work/). When reading it I even thought, "wow how could anyone make that mistake?". Well today karma got it's revenge! 

So I'm sitting with our secretary ordering pizza's for the office lunch party. I notice that there's a little switch that isn't normally under the desk. So I go about just fiddling with it while we're figuring out which pizza's and how much to order. Some of our desks have electric motors to raise or lower the desk for standing or sitting. I assumed this was some switch on the desk to turn this on and off. So I go to flicking it up and down just to pass the time. 

Boy was I wrong, the police came rushing to the building and our secretary had to run down to figure out what was going on. Suddenly there was a lot of panic because they thought we were being robbed due to how many times I activated it. I didn't activate it 348 times but I had to hit it at least 20 times. Oof.  

I literally did exactly what the user above did. I felt so stupid. On top of that the company has to pay a €1k fine for falsely calling the police. 

**TL;DR:** After reading a post about someone who accidently hit a silent alarm at work and scoffing at how "dumb" it was. I did the exact same thing. D'oh! 
/nAlright, so I lost a bunch of weight recently. I was a big guy at the time of my wedding, and as a result of the weight loss my wedding ring is now a whole lot looser around my finger.

So, perhaps thanks to my new sexy physique (...) the missus and I were getting it on today. With a devious glint in her eye, she suggested: "How about anal?"

Excellent plan, of course. I got the lube and used copious amounts. Now, you've got to take it slowly; first, gently with one finger... Then two... And finally, my index, middle and ring finger were all lubed up and in there. Good times.

After my lady was sufficiently warmed up, we were happily banging away. But as I slapped her fine ass, I noticed something. Something missing. 

"Hey, my ring came off," I said. 

"Probably on the mattress," she replied.

Not on the mattress.

"On the ground?" she asked, now with a hint of nervosity.

Not on the ground.

Then it dawned upon both of us.

&nbsp;

So my fingers went back in there. Yet my monster dong (...) had already pushed it far beyond reach. I spent a good 10 minutes with my hand up my wife's butthole. I even tried to lighten the mood by doing my best Gollum impression and hissing: ***"My preciousss! Give it back to us!"*** But she was not amused.

We finally had to give up the search. She drank 4 cups of coffee over the course of the next hour and made her retreat to the bathroom with a box of rubber gloves. From the living room I heard an explosive splattering sound, followed by a faint *"Oh my God..."*

After half an hour of scrubbing she handed me my ring back without making eye contact. 

&nbsp;

So now, whenever I look at my ring, I'm reminded of the vow I took to always be at the side of my lovely wife, on the day of our beautiful wedding ceremony. And how this particular piece of jewelry was violently blasted out of her asshole amongst a torrent of diarrhea. 
/nIn the early 1980's I was a 20 something systems engineer at a medium size Defense company. And if you wanted to get ahead, you had to work on 'cool projects'. So I got into the Research and Development department. Which was VERY cool. 

We got to work on things that blew up. That shot other things. That flew in the air, or crawled on the ground, or sailed on ships. Or went under the ocean. Hell, we even had a few things that went into space. But this isn't one of those projects. This was a project called "GRETA". 

Greta was a nice lady. She would crawl along on top of a sand pained slab sided M113 armored personnel carrier on the desert floor. She was a nifty little radar turret that beamed radar signals to search for airplanes. And then beamed radar signals that looked like 'lock on'. And then beamed signals for 'gun fire'.

Whose radar signals ? Well, we were still in a Cold War with those guys with the whole hammer and sickle thing. Yup, the good old Soviet Union. And this baby pretended to be the big ass gun system, the ZSU-23. If  you were flying anywhere in range, 2,000 rounds of 23mm high explosive cannon fire would ruin your whole day. 

And our customers needed to train in evading those things, with spiffy little 'threat detectors'. Just like your car's radar detector, but costing a shitload more and a hell of a lot noisier. There are a lot of 'oh fuck' alarms in a modern jet aircraft. This was a biggie.

Fast forward to a lovely summer day, and our happy band of young engineers is testing the radar system. I'm responsible for the servos that make it go back and forth and up and down, and everything is working pretty well, despite a few prototype problems that you would expect. It's research ! Shit breaks ! And yes, duct tape is used.

Our little test garage is up on a hill with a line of sight to the local airport of our major metropolitan midwest city. One of the old guys told us we had 'sort of permission' to use the radar. "Just don't cook anyone."... ohhh.. kay.

Everything is working great ! We're tracking and 'shooting down' tons of commercial airliners. A few smaller aircraft. A helicopter or two. So we're cocky. We're having a great time. We've 'killed' thousands of unsuspecting civilians. Aw yeah !

And then we see it. The mother lode. An Air Guard F-15 coming in pretty hot, in the landing pattern. I point. We light that sucker up and start pretending to shoot it.

Except... this pilot HAD his radar detector turned on. And all of a sudden, as he's thinking about the beer he's going to have, it tells him that there is a Russian anti aircraft system firing at him from a suburban neighborhood in an American city. WTF ? 

And he handled it flawlessly.... at 2,000 ft AGL, he went into afterburners, both jets screaming, fire a hundred feet shooting out the back. And he ducked DOWN into the weeds... suddenly flying nap of the earth to the runway.

Um... oh... SHIT. We suddenly realized we had seriously fucked up. The one old guy who was hanging around carefully got in his car and drove back to the HQ building, leaving us kids standing around wondering what was about to happen.

And perhaps 10 minutes later we were surrounded by USAF security personnel, weapons drawn, led by a VERY pissed off Lt. Colonel in a sweaty flight suit. The ass chewing we got was epic. My attempt at congratulating him on a perfect maneuver damn near got me shot, so I shut the hell up.

We promised to never, ever, ever light up a military target. Ever again. Or he would come back and kill us all. Slowly.

TL/DR: Testing a prototype anti aircraft simulator, we 'painted' an air guard F-15 on a landing approach. He evaded as trained, landed, and raised holy hell with us.
/nSo a bit of background, this was over a year ago and at the time I'd already suffered my lung collapsing once or twice before. I'm a smoker but apparently it can "just happen". But anyway, one night around 4am I was preparing to go to bed, and so did what any man would do once he remembered it was an option and rubbed one out. Now I'm gonna try and not get too specific here but essentially I enjoy certain breath play techniques while I'm at it and I guess I didn't fully consider the fact that my lung had recently collapsed already. Before I could finish I felt the *ping* feeling in my chest and felt a small but painful bubble of air form at the top of my lung. I was pissed. It was 4am, and nobody was up to take me to hospital and regardless I was ready to go to bed so I thought fuck it. I'm not going to let some minor serious medical emergency get in the way of that. So like a true champion, I powered through in some amount of pain until I finished and went to bed. I do remember vaguely panicking as I lay in the dark wondering how big of a risk it was to fall asleep with a respiratory issue but I'm no stranger to stressing out in my bed at night so I shrugged it off and fell asleep.

 I woke up the next day in less pain. I got up, sat on my computer for a while trying to pull myself together (I'm not a morning person and while this was easily afternoon I had just woken up). Eventually I went through to my kitchen where my parents were sitting and said "my lung collapsed again" in what I can only describe as a bored and unenthused tone of voice . "We should probably go to the hospital but I need to shower and I'm hungry so I'm gonna do that first". My mum looked slightly concerned but at this point we knew the drill. So I showered, cooked myself a pizza and once I'd somewhat digested it we left to go to the hospital.

The overview of what happened while I was there is basically once I finally saw a doctor, they x-rayed my chest to find only a tiny pocket of air and told me it's possible for small collapses to repair themselves and that's what's happened so just go home and chill

tl;dr - had a history of lung collapses, lung collapsed while holding my breath then found out later I slept it off

Edit: yes, I should stop smoking but I don't really want to so I haven't. No, it'a not a great idea but it's my choice, thanks

Edit 2:I've had a lot of nice messages from people but I gotta say the highlight was getting a message from someone saying they hope I die in pain because I haven't quit smoking. All I can say is hahahahahaha fuck

****I am no longer accepting requests for advice. If you have any comments, please send them to my email at critiquemylifestyle@gmail.com  ****/nSo this just happened. Background: I'm in my early/mid twenties and recently transitioned from being a student to being on my own and paying my own bills. My dad has both a hotmail and an MSN (I know) email address that he uses for work. The msn one is one he's had for like 20 years.  

So I got a new Xbox One for Christmas and I decided that now would be a good time to disassociate my ~10 year old gamer tag from his email address and switch it to my own. I figured this would be a simple fix: almost any other subscription service I'm aware of has a way to do this. I did the googling, I checked Reddit, I scoured the menus of the Xbox and the only "solution" that I found instructed me to go into my dad's Microsoft account, add my new/intended email address as an alias, and then to remove his old ones as aliases. This originally seemed a little fishy but every old reddit post I found about my similar issue gave the same/similar upvoted solution so I figured that there was something that I was unaware of on the back end for how this all works. So I make the changes as instructed and of course it did not solve my issue as intended.  The Xbox account was now recognizing my new gmail account, however my dad no longer had access to his hotmail/MSN emails. No problem, I'll just go back in and follow the same steps in order to re-add his old accounts and then I'll remove my gmail. Everything goes well until I try to re-add the msn account.  When I try to do so, I'm given an error message that reads, "restricted email domain." 

Fuck. 

So for those unaware, msn is an archaic (paid subscription) email service that is owned by Microsoft that isn't supported too heavily by them when it comes to the addresses in the MSN domain. I spent almost 3 hours on the phone with customer support and every representative gave me the same message: my dad's account is gone. Just gone from existence. He cannot receive emails to it, he can't sent emails from it, he can't even have emails redirected to his still-existing email address. He also has no access to any of his old emails.  Again, this is his primary business email that he puts on his business cards and his company's website. There is literally no recourse for this except to "attempt to recreate the email account under the same address after 30 days." Although even this wouldn't regain him access to his old emails from the past 20 years. 

And the cherry on top: after it became painfully obvious that I wasn't going to solve my dad's issue, I connected with Xbox live support (which I should have done from the get-go) and after explaining what I would like to do with my Xbox account, they basically told me that Microsoft has no such way to change email addresses on Xbox accounts (when the Xbox account is connected to a Microsoft email address) without removing the email address in question from existence. 


Merry Christmas  :\


TL;DR I tried updating my Xbox live email address and basically deleted my father 20 year old email address from existence. Permanently. /nTIFU: Update

This is an update from my TIFU post:
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/cnnwuj/tifu_by_asking_about_my_parenta_divorce_and_found/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

After careful consideration, numerous conversations with fellow redditors and talking with my sister, u/goshdarnspiffy, I have decided to end communication with my mom. It's just not in my own best interest to keep in contact with her.

Besides the divorce and infidelity, there were years of mental and physical abuse both me and my sister endured due to the new dynamics that came as a result of the divorce, and my sister became my mother figure which put a lot of stress on both of us as well.

It has been a little over 5 years since I left my mom's house (I stayed with her my last two years of high school), and I have a child of my own now. I kept in contact with my mom solely out of pity because she has burned so many bridges, and I thought that seeing her grandson might help things. I wanted everything that happened to be water under the bridge. I reconnected in May of 2016 when my Nana passed a few months after I had my son.

I hoped she would change. She hasn't. I havent been close with her but I do talk to her every so often.

Now knowing she did the same thing to my Dad (much worse than me if we are being honest) and to my older sister, I dont think it is in me or my sons best interest to have any further communication.

I had an epiphany thanks to all of you. She was the example I needed in my life of who I dont want to be and my Dad is the example of who I want to be. I'm a single mom with an awesome little boy who's now three - his Dad abused me, beat me up twice and was sent to jail for it, twice. With my Dad's help, I was able to get away. He smelled his bullshit from a mile away but I continued to hang on because, as with my mom, I hoped he would change. Instead, I left and drove across the country never once looking back. My Dad let me and my son live with him until we got our own place.

TL;DR Yesterday I fucked up by learning I helped catch my mom cheating. This turned into learning more about my parents horrible marriage which uncovered years of abuse towards my dad that he never spoke up about.

Best Dad Ever!


Goodbye, mom. Thanks for giving me life but you have proven you dont deserve to be in it anymore. I will forever be a Daddys girl.

Edit: Its been suggested by many and I might write a book

Edit 2: Much love for everyone that has been or are currently going through this sort of thing! 
You can either learn from the example or become the example!

Edit 3: I wanted to note that women are not the only ones who are subjected to Domestic Violence - My Dad dealt with it with my mom. Dont be afraid to speak up!

Edit 4: I took off the favorite picture of me and my dad. Ya nasties.

Edit 5: I have been getting a lot of messages about this update. Feel free to message me if you need support about something similar or have any input!/nHello reddit.

English is not my first language.

I just moved from a small city to a larger one because I got a better paying job on a bigger company. I work as a software engineer. On my first day I received an invite for a meeting but it was just for the men of the floor, not the women. The invite had no subject, and there were different team's so it could not been related to work. I attended the meeting, and the summary was that there was a legendary pooper on the office. No one could caught him, and he would always take big shits, all over the stalls, on the walls, and such, leaving an horrible mess behind.

He was even known as the ninja pooper, because one day  he took one of his big shits and them when people found it, the shit had one footprint on it, and by investigating it, people concluded that it was fresh. So they put the whole company on lockdown and looked through everyone shoe's soles but found nothing.

The human resources would often take pictures and send them to all of the men of the company, trying to shame the unknown ninja pooper into a confession. And it was not a intestine issue either, because his "attacks" would only occur when the company did something bad. It was always "politic". Unpaid overtime? shit all over the bathroom. Too much overtime? shit all over the bathroom. Switching health insurance to a worst plan? shit all over. No bonus that semester? shit all over.

And in the meeting, the men of the floor were really tired of his shit (sorry for the pun), and were telling that they would caught him in the end. And they even were suspecting that the ninja pooper could be more than one person, so that's the reason that he was not caught yet. The multiple pooper theory is important to my fuck up.

A couple of months and some shit attacks later, I was having a hard time with the work. too much to do and too little time left. As I was really worried with a task, the urge to take a shit starts to get stronger and stronger. being too focused on my coding I ignored it as much as I can, until I could keep it in no more.

Here is the fuck up. I got up and rushed to the nearest bathroom. A single bathroom with no stalls. Did my business. When I tried to flush, the horrible conclusion came to mind. It was clogged. Then for no reason the multiple ninja poopers came to my mind and I was really scared of being labeled one. And if I took too long in the bathroom I would raise more suspicion to myself. Well, in a fit of desperation I took toilet paper, made a glove, took the shit (Lucky me, the shit was a single and really solid piece) and threw it out of the window.

Now, my office was on the 7th floor. The time was around 2PM. I never ever looked out the window, or talked to anyone about that. till the end of my work day, no emails or commentary were made. I started to fell safe and relaxed, thinking that it was all over.

Then, by 6 PM came an email saying that the office would change buildings. Listening to the gossip, it became clear.

My poop wrap came undone mid air and the shit landed on the white car's hood of one of the directors of my company. He them accused the sewage of the building, the building denied, The conflict escalated and the office will change to 5-7 blocks away. That is really bad because the office was right in front of a subway station, now it will be in a worst building and location. It may even need an extra bus fare in days of rain. Some people are already thinking about changing jobs over this. \*\[EDIT\] Also, the relationship with the building was strained already because the rent was expensive, the building had a lot of companies and the parking was not evenly divided, and other issues about past rents. that shit was the last strain to go. As for the window, the building is not that big, so it have small windows in the bathrooms to exchange air. there was not a central AC.

Thank you for you time.

TLDR; I was heavily in need of taking a shit and took it in a clogged toiled. got scared and trew it out of the window of the seventh floor, landed on a director's car, caused a fight with the office building and my entire company is changing address now.

EDIT 1# clarification about the window in the bathroom and the moving.

EDIT 2# when I say bathroom I mean restroom/nHello!

Last Wednesday I cleared out the freezer. My shitty ex-roommates had left 18 pounds of cheap meat in there, and I was so preoccupied by my thoughts of “who the fuck even does that” that it wasn’t until after it was all in the bottom of the can that it occurred to me that the trash had just come the day before. 

Hm. Well, the lid will be closed. It’ll be fine. Right?

On Friday, I exited the house and was greeted by several dozen flies. Ah. I’ve fucked up. This is immediately apparent to me. Well, it’ll just have to wait until trash day.

Saturday. I need to take the kitchen trash out. I leave it outside, figuring that I can just wait until after the can has been cleared. 

Sunday. Raccoons have been in my bagged garbage. I need to take care of that. Hesitantly, I open the can lid. Oooooooh boy. In a split second, I get the immediate impression that there are hundreds of maggots in the can. I’m short—just barely 5’3”, So this was based entirely on the ones I could see far up the sides of the can. But I’m fairly tough, I think. I’ve pulled maggots out of a baby skunk’s leg wound before. And I’m  a budding baby biologist. I can handle this. So I throw the bag into the can.

I am now sure there are at least 1000 maggots in the can. 

Monday. Otherwise known as today. I gear up. Poison, rubber gloves, eye protecting glasses, a face mask, and a box of moth balls. I can do this. I’m a scientist. I throw open the lid. It had not occurred to me that they might be on the underside of the lid.

There were at LEAST a thousand maggots JUST on the underside of the lid. These rained down everywhere, their hideous bodies plopping onto the ground. I thank my lucky stars none got on me. I screamed like I was being murdered, an entirely involuntary sound wrenched from somewhere deep in my spine. I sprayed. And I sprayed, and I sprayed. I walked around and sprayed the writhing layer of maggots on the underside of the lid. I sprayed at the ground. A fly flew at my face and I gave up, running back inside, sobbing. 

For a while, I watched from my back window as they crawled around on the can and the ground. I called my mom, who laughed at me. I called my dad, who was seven hours away and couldn’t help. I called my boyfriend, who was five hours away and without a car. I’m here for school; I have friends, but none good enough to help me with something like this.

And it’s Labor Day. I called eight different pest control places until I found one that was both open and able to send someone out. I’m currently awaiting my savior, who should be here in a few hours. I’ll update with the cost of him coming out. 

TL;DR: grew maggots in 100° weather for a week, made it rain when I tried to take care of it. Now scarred for life. 

On the bright side, I now know for a fact that as much as I enjoy learning about bees and ants, I should not apply to that entomology master’s degree program I was looking at. 

Edit: the bug man came, he was super sweet, really excellent. If anyone in the Round Rock/Austin area needs pest control services, PM me, I’d be very happy to pass his info on. He didn’t charge me, said I reminded him of his daughter, so I gave him the money I had set aside for a tip. 

Also: I threw out the meat because I didn’t know if it was safe or not. I have no idea when it was frozen, most of it was unlabeled, and I have no way of knowing how long they waited between buying the meat and freezing it. If you want to be mad at someone, be mad at my ex roommates for buying and failing to eat 18 pounds of meat before moving across the country./nMy fiancée and I have gotten a couple new things to try out in the bedroom lately. One of them is a dildo with a suction base. Her and I also have the mental age of 10 and were waving around the floppy pink fun rod within minutes of getting it. 


The obvious next step was to try and stick it to things. The knee worked, chest didn't, and she had a failed attempt on her forehead. Being the one-upper I am, I proceeded to slap that fucker onto my forehead and show her how it's done. Suction was achieved.


After about three minutes of prancing around and slapping things with my dickhorn, I decided to remove it. As soon as I start pulling it off I can tell something is wrong. The rubber stick of love formed a special bond with my forehead, wanting to live out its life with its new best friend.


After some struggling I managed to pull it off with an  audible pop. My fiancée immediately had an 'oh shit' look on her face.


 "babe, your forehead is purple."


 I ran into the bathroom to look at it, and it actually wasn't too bad. I figured it would fade quickly.  I thought I had lucked out...


Fast forward one sex later, and my fiancée is again staring at my forehead. "Oh my God, it's a lot darker." I went back to the bathroom and yeah, that shit definitely bruised pretty badly. I now have a dildo-caused bruise on my forehead that I'm hoping goes away before I go back to work on Monday. At a bank. 

Edit: pics http://i.imgur.com/PfyJzpg.jpg/nThis Happened a few days ago. My dog, pouncer, is a half shih tzu, half poodle. Both breeds aren't that bright, old pouncer was left with a double dose of the stupid. I love him nonetheless, he's all i have. Every day i come home from work he's elated to see me. He's always been nervous and has some attachment issues.

After eating dinner i wind down on the couch, iron chef is on. Not the good one, the american one. It'll do. I lie down, pouncer lies on my chest, head near mine, all is good.

With out notice, the ghosts of my dinner come up to haunt me. Really it's my own fault, i shouldn't have thought nandos was an adequate meal substitution. No one should have to think that. I exorcise the faux-Portuguese demons from my mouth directly into poor pouncers face. I swear i didn't mean to. Pouncer perks, looking puzzled. He snouts out air a few times then freezes. Now he's looking at me and i'm looking at him.

I don't think i need to explain what happened... But i'll do it anyway. He threw up into my face. Not on, not around, into. The vomit traveled up my nose so far, i swear i could taste it. Within milliseconds i start to throw up. Whilst gasping for air, spicy nandos vomit is traveling back down into my lungs, scarring my insides. I run to the bathroom, strip down and have the most uncomfortable shower of my life.

As i leave the bathroom to go clean the ungodly mess left in my house, i find pouncer is happily cleaning it up for me.

He's all i fucking have.

**TD;LR:** blew burp in dogs face, dog threw up in mine, i threw up in his but he was ok with that.

EDIT: ok ok poodles are a smart breed. Obviously pouncer didn't inherit any smarts from that side.

**EDIT:** front page. This isn't my finest moment, but i guess it'll do. I'd like to thank all those who made this possible. Nandos, pouncer, especially pouncer but mostly nandos. Thanks.

EDIT: for the love of god i know poodles are a smart breed now. Mines just got a real bad case of the dumb-shits. I guess he inherited it from his own

EDIT: thank you for the gold! If i had only known cross-species, two-way vomiting was the secret to gilding, i would have tried it sooner./nSo me and a friend were going to go smoke some weed outside as his wife won't let us do it in the house. But it is a rather chilly day here in Missoula, so we went to a large shed connected to the side of the house. It was normally lit with a shop light, but my friend had taken it out earlier to work on his car. He went off to get the light while I loaded the bowl. He was taking his sweet time so I went to take a hit and realized I had dropped the dense nugget of weed on the ground. I picked it up and reloaded it, and took a big rip. I didn't get anything from it so I broke it up a little bit with my fingers. Hit it again and I got smoke but it tasted foul. I chalked it up to this being some old stuff I found in the dresser. I rip it a third time and get a huge cloud that makes me gag. About then my friend comes in and plugs in the shop light. He points at the floor "Hey there's some weed on the ground". I look down,  see the weed, see the pipe, see the pile of old dry cat shit and realized what I had done.




TLDR: It was dark and I smoked cat shit.


edit-Hey front page now everyone knows I'm an asshole.

edit #2-As long as a lot of people are reading this I wanted to say peace and love to everyone no matter who you voted for./nSo I know that sounds kinda bad, but let me explain.

So yesterday my mom took my grandma to go get a bank account and a debit card. My family and I came from Chile and my grandma is 71 so it was kind of a big deal to her. So big in fact that she decided to put some of the bank documents in her “important papers box.” When she saw me, she was so excited she just had to show me. At first I was like “Oh Lala (what we call her) that’s pretty cool!” and then I noticed this old-looking paper book looking thing. I asked her what it was. She grabbed it out of the book and told me it was the equivalent of a marriage certificate in Chile that had her and my grandpa’s marriage certified and any children born in that marriage as well. As she was flipping through it showing me the contents, there was a little yellow folded up sheet that kinda looked like my birth certificate, but it was yellow instead of aqua. So I asked her what it was and she unfolded it and told me it was my grandpa’s death certificate. It had his date of death and location. 

You see, I was born in 1994 and he died in 1985 and there aren’t that many photos of him so I barely know the man. He’s always just been a dead relative to me. I asked my grandma if she could leave that for me [when she passes in the future] and she told me that she would rather give it to me now so I can keep it. I was really happy because I like having that kind of stuff. When my family and I moved from Chile when I was 6, we practically left our whole history behind us and aside from what little information my dad has about his side, I barely know anything about my maternal grandpa. The only things that I know about him are that he used to be the equivalent of a governor in Chile, at some point probably murdered some guy, and that he left my grandma a drunk and died on the streets at some point. I don’t really want to pry into the sensitive topics of my family history so that’s all I picked up on over the years.

Anyway, I take the book and certificate and put them in my safe along with my own legal documents. Eventually my mom comes home and she comes to my room, where my wife and I are just relaxing, to talk about something or another. After she’s done talking, I tell her “Look what Lala gave me to keep” because I was honestly excited. She looks at it and says “What is it?” And I open it up to show her her parent’s marriage certificate, and then her and her sisters registered as their children. It didn’t hit me there and then that this was the first time my mom had ever seen this, and as she’s flipping through it she sees her dad’s information and says “So he was born on March 15th…”

At that point I realized that my mom might’ve not know her dad as much as I thought. She’d tell me stories from before he left how he’d take her to all these government buildings and get her nice dresses and stuff so I made assumptions like anyone else would. She seemed kinda mesmerized by it and then I told her “Here, take a look at this.” and handed her the death certificate. She looked at it and just kinda stared at it. Then she started crying, not sobbing, but just tearing up and crying looking at the piece of paper in her hands.

Then I put two and two together and came to the realization that she never knew exactly when her dad died. Just that one day he left, and then one day she was told that he was found dead on the side of a street after another night of drinking in a completely different city. But this certificate…it was real. It was accurate down from a year but to a day of a month to the hour and the minute when he was declared dead.

I felt horrible and immediately went and hugged my mom and tried to console her. He died over 30 years ago but I felt like I had been the person that told her that her dad was dead. 

Some say that ignorance is bliss or that closure brings peace to people, but all I know was that in that moment I was the one making my mom cry.

Eventually my mom left the room and silently went to bed. My wife, who had watched the whole encounter in silence, didn’t say anything but I felt terrible nonetheless.

Edit for new: Tl;dr: Showed my my her dad’s death certificate that she had never seen before that also had his date of death that she also didn’t know./nOkay so this was a new low for me and I'm Irish so you know that's gotta atleast be a bitta craic.


So earlier today I'm in town playing Pokémon Go and I've just came across a poke stop with a lure activated. I have to pee but I figured I'll stand about for a couple of minutes and see if anything cool appears and Christ am I happy when a lvl 932 Aerodactyl appears. I click on the bastard and start chucking balls. Well, I don't know if it was the need to slash or just the game fupping with me but could I catch the bastard? Nope, ten balls ten misses. Each ball I throw seems to curve more than the last and this grey ballocks is flapping his wings at me, Fifteen balls and he escapes twice, One ball left and I hit him, of course he escapes and runs away. "Fuck sake" I whisper and realized in my pacing I've heightened then need to pee greatly. So I head for the nearby shopping centre two streets away.



As I approach the corner entrance to the shopping centre I'm about to burst, I've inherited my fathers bladder and at 32 years of age I pee at least 20 times a day and by fuck do they come on quick and fast. I'm practically running at this point and as I reach the door this little kid comes full speed and runs into me, head first into my crotch.



Well I don't need to tell you what happened next but I will because its the whole point of the story, when he headbutted my goolies I pissed, a lot. Wearing shorts this piss flowed down my legs and all over this kid, it was all down his wee shirt and trousers and I was soaked. His mum was mortified and his dad laughed so loud the whole shop was watching, I apologised and explained I wasn't feeling well, I didn't know what to do. Poor kid started crying and I'm stood there just ashamed. The parents where pretty understanding though and apologised for their kid, I think they just pitied me, I would. 


I walked the two miles home in piss drenched shorts and foot wear and cursed the entire walk.


At least in future when that kid runs from his parents they can say "do you remember what happened last time?" and he'll think of that giant ginger bearded wanker who pissed on him.


Fucking Aerodactyl.




TL;DR : Decided to try and catch a pokemon instead of going to the loo, ended up pissing on a kid who ran into me on my way to the toilet.


EDIT: Which one of you sick fucks gave this post a golden shower? Thank you, I'm glad my misfortune can cause some laughs! /nHappened literally 5 minutes ago. 

My sister and I were arguing about if she needed a LifeProof case (expensive) for an iPhone she's going to buy. I took out my Moto G2 and, saying "iPhones are weak, look at this", dropped it from waist-height facedown onto our hardwood floors. I pick it up, them turn it over to the screen. 

Cracks. Spreading out diagonally from the front-facing camera, then bouncing around the sides.


I feel like an arrogant idiot 


\- Typed from a phone that is otherwise working fine

**Edit:** wow this blew up 

[Photo to get an idea of the camera damage/some form of verification](http://m.imgur.com/Q6wLuYX)

# Edit 2:

[View my pain](http://i.imgur.com/UxWzCWOh.jpg). Not totally shattered, but pretty bad

# Edit 3:

[Per request](http://i.imgur.com/CaOTU9f.jpg)! Used my broken front-facing camera to take a photo of a camera taking a photo of my broken phone. \*Deep breath*

[Bonus pic, what happened when I used a flash](http://i.imgur.com/JtJLKNi.jpg). It does not react well to sudden light/nThis was a few days ago.  My son was down for his nap. My wife works 3rd shift, so she was a asleep.   Figured I had an hour to play some Grand Theft Auto.  Soon after, my son woke up and wanted to watch me play the game.  I figured no harm for a few minutes, since I was just going to do races, or other non-violent things, with the sound off. 

Driving to wherever I was going, he yelled at me because I didn't stop for the red lights.  I indulged him for a little bit until I got to one of the delivery missions that are timed.  Didn't stop for the lights on that particular one.  He became visibly upset on the verge of tears.  I decided that it was probably best to stop playing.  That's when the meltdown happened.  It woke my wife up, so she's upset and can't go back to sleep.  So I dealt with a grouchy wife and an inconsolable 3 year old that kept pointing out my driving mistake.  Now my son notifies me of every light while we're actually driving and gives me directions on what to do.  Every. Single. One.  Yellow lights are the worst. 

TL;DR My son got upset because I didn't stop for the red lights in GTA V.  A meltdown ensued and woke up my 3rd shift wife while she was trying to sleep from working the night before. /nAlright this just happened about twenty minutes ago and I'm writing this while traveling home.


So this afternoon, I go and have fun with a friend of mine that is a female. We knew each other back in high school (we are college kids Seniors now) and recently started a friendship after we both found our that we had a similar hangout spot. This was was very pretty but never believe I had a shot with her for two big reasons.


Reason #1: I was known to be unable to secure a relationship and 

Reason #2: I was known to prioritize family, education and health over friends.


But one month into the school year, we still had regular hangouts--not dates-- and didn't hate each other.


So after having lunch, she asks if I want to come over to watch Netflix and chill for the night. This was primarily because we had decided we wanted to go to College Gameday together (Go Hokies) and her couch was hella comfy. 


You might have realized, "Damn, my boy /u/personwhodidntknow is about to get it in." One problem: I didn't understand the connotation of "Netflix and Chill." I thought I was just going to watch Netflix shows like House of Cards. The reason I didn't have Netflix was every single living environment had cable television. My dorm had it, my apartment had it. I had no reason to spend $10 a month on Netflix, even though I heard great things about to show. Plus, I had free HBO and Amazon Prime. 


I also didn't know about the phrase "Netflix and Chill," because it wasn't something I would read. I never really browsed "meme sub-reddits," never really saw the catch phrase.


So with that being set aside, I go on my way to her house and knock on the door. She answers in a large sweatshirt, and what I assumed were shorts on under neath. Being the gentleman that I am, I brought popcorn and began to cook it in the microwave, excited to watch whatever show she wanted to put on. 


I noticed that her roommates weren't around, so I of course asked where are they and she responded with a simple, "oh they aren't here." Nothing suspicious. 


I walk back with the popcorn and she isn't by the television. I didn't think much of it and simply sat down, nomming on some dope ass popcorn. A couple of minutes pass and I'm a little bit concerned.  

*Where the fuck did she go?* 

I call for her and she doesn't respond. I begin to walk around and notice that her door is cracked with the light on. I walk up, do a simple double knock and push the door open to find her laying on her bed naked. 


At first, I take a couple of mental pictures. Then, I tried to understand what was going on. She wasn't covering herself, she wasn't responding. She was just laying on a bed, staring. I mean, she looked sexy as hell but I wasn't sure what to do. 


So, being the smart ass I am, I asked "Do you want me to pick the show?" She looks confused and I start to panic. What do I do?


Next, I say the best things that comes to mind: "Oh are we about to do it?" She facepalms and shuts the door. Me, realizing what the fuck was going on, knocks on the door and tries to figure out what is going on, saying lines of "Is that a no?" and "I didn't understand the scenario." and that I thought she looked pretty. 

She tells me to go down stairs and I proceed to put a bag of popcorn over my dick to hide my confused boner. About a couple of minutes after finishing episodes of friends, I try to remove the awkward tension in the remove, using an excuse that I needed to pick up my drunk roommate. 


We say our goodbyes and I'm now sitting on a bus, realizing I could have gotten laid. 

TL;DR I didn't understand Netflix and Chill and missed out on getting laid. 


Edit: Update soon./nIn 2012, I led a team of volunteers on a mission trip to a rural part of the heart of Brazil, and what happened back in those jungles still haunts me to this day.

 We landed in Manaus Brazil, our team consisted of 15 people all about the same age (25 - 19), myself included. Then we took two of those minibuses out to some rural villages where there was no running water at all. Fortunately we did not have to sleep on the ground because some German missionaries had built a rudimentary concrete church building in the 1950's.

I've lived most of my life in Canada, but I have been on several mission trips throughout my life, so I like to pride myself on having a stomach of iron. No Hershey squirts in a foreign country for this guy. However, this trip was different. It must have been undercooked pork from the night we arrived in the village, because pretty much everyone got diarrhea the next day. 

We may have been in a church built by Germans, but there was no running water, no air conditioning or anything of the sort. However, the people of the village built an outhouse about 50 yards away. This thing was nasty too, flies were all over it in the day time because it was pretty much a pit. And when it rained, which it did often, the palm thatched roof leaked. 

So the night of the "incident." It was about 2 AM and pouring rain when I woke up feeling like I was going to explode, I had puked that night but this felt different. My stomach was making all manner of noises a healthy stomach shouldn't make. I got up and put some pants on as quietly as possible so as to not wake anyone else, tiptoed downstairs to the main area of the church. That's when I realised, whether I was ready for it or not, my sphincter was about to dump its contents in about 15 seconds. 

I sprinted out church doing the widest "I got poo in my pants" run I could to extend the time of the anal evacuation. I could barely see where I was going because it was raining so hard. The genius part of my brain had me already undoing my jeans as I was running. I also worked out in my head that I was going to be able to make it if I dropped my pants, opened the door and turned around all in the same moment upon entry. I did exactly that, but it wasn't enough. Mid air through the jump I shot a gas charged explosive into the outhouse, completely missing the seat. I kind of stood there in a moment of defeat, then heard a blood curdling scream. 

I turned around and saw one of the volunteers absolutely coated in excrement. My excrement. She had gotten the same stomach bug I had, must have woken up before me with the same horrible thing. Only she had made it, and I didn't.

Needless to say, she flew out back home the next day.

That was the worst feeling I have ever felt in my life. I would rather poop my pants in front of a crowd while giving a speech, than relive the embarrassment of that night. 

I couldn't imagine what went through that poor girl's head as the door flew open, a random dude jumped out of the jungle, then pooped all over her. If you're reading this, I hope you forgive me.

Edit: Due to popular request, here is the aftermath:

I stood there with my jaw floored because of the situation my rectum had just created. After she stopped screaming, the girl started crying. 

I felt so incredibly bad at this point. I had nothing give her to wipe her face off. So she kept trying to wipe everything off her with just her hands. You know when you're in deep when your heartbeat becomes the loudest thing in your ears. 

As she ran out of the outhouse crying, I kept saying how sorry I was, then I realized my pants were still halfway down. 

I was left just listening to the rain in an outhouse that smelled so incredibly bad I almost puked after I had come to my senses. I went out and washed in the rain and wiped with some leaves I found.

When I got back the girl had woken up most of the team. The other girls were helping her wash her face with their water bottles. One look from all the girls, and I knew she had told them exactly what happened. I had messed up so bad. She had vomited all over the floor of the church, probably because she realized how covered she was.

The next morning I had apologized to her, and she sort of acknowledged me. I'm not sure how far sorry goes for taking a dump on someone's face. She left that day, and I felt like I had never truly made it up to her.

The feeling I get every time I sit on the pot is the worst part, as I am constantly reminded I have pooped on someone's face.

Tl;dr I got the worst stomach bug of my life. Then I went on a life or death sprint to the outhouse, didn't make it, and coated the current occupant in feces, which happened to be a girl./nAn actual TIFU. 

Typically I smoke a joint before I go to bed every night, but tonight my Dad fell asleep on the couch. I attempted to sneak out anyway without disturbing him so I could smoke. 

I was able to unlock the door and get out there, but I guess the noise woke him up. I could see him through the window as I got outside and as he began to get up I ducked down hoping he wouldn’t see me. I sat down there for a couple minutes, and figured he would have already come out if he heard the door open. 

I stand up and slowly peek through the kitchen window. My father is literally standing there in the middle of the kitchen with a fucking gun in his hand, while on the phone. He sees me peek, completely under the impression that I’m a stranger trying to break into our home. I ducked down and screamed for him as loud as I could, hoping he could recognize my voice. I continued to scream and bang on the siding until he ran outside and realized it was me. 

My dad legitimately almost killed me. All for a fucking joint that I had to stomp up anyway because the cops were on their way. They thought it was pretty funny, but I felt really bad because they sent a good amount of cars out for nothing to even be wrong. 

My dad also laughed when I told him I went outside to smoke, and told me he wouldn’t have even cared. 

TL;DR snuck outside to smoke a joint. Dad heard me open the door and woke up from the couch. I ducked down to hide, but when I got up and peeked through the window, he had a gun in his hand. He saw me and thankfully didn’t kill me.

EDIT: wow, this blew up. Totally unexpected. Just a couple things I’d like to clear up. First of all, I’m a female. Not that it matters, but found it interesting everyone assumed I’m a male. Furthermore, many people read this story and see my dad as a crazy, trigger happy guy who’s out for BLOOD!!! I laugh at those comments knowing my dad and how fucking chill and normal he is. If I never peeked my head through the window again, I wouldn’t have even known he had a gun. The cops would have arrived and everything would have been ok. Which is why he’s a RESPONSIBLE gun owner, and nowhere in this story do I genuinely believe he misused his gun. I think he reacted in a way most people would, which is strange because everyone’s shitting on him. Crazy to see how in other countries guns are not necessary and people do not care. it must be a really nice world to live in./nObligatory, this didn't happen today. The situation takes place about 5 years ago. Slightly NSFW. 

So, my father owns a shop. He had an employee working there when the FU happened. The employee had access to a computer to do work related stuff. One day the guy had a day off and I had my summer break, so naturally I offered to come to the shop so it could function.

I was browsing the web on the PC and I wanted to type some address into the browser. I typed "po"... and you probably know what website the browser suggested. "What the hell?", I thought. Does the employee watch porn at work? I felt the urge to know, so I snooped on the browsing history a bit. And there it was. The guy watched porn at work pretty much daily. It seemed unacceptable to me, especially in a place where a client can come in while the guy's... doing his thing. I decided to stop this. I set up some DNS service to block such content. However, not only did it block the website, but it also displayed a message that the website is literally blocked by the network administrator.

The next day the employee came to work. He answered phone calls in the morning, everything seemed to be OK. However, around afternoon my father had some important message to him and tried to call him again. It seemed that the guy's phone was dead. My father then sent him an email but there was no answer. After two hours, father told me to go to the shop and check what's going on.

When I arrived at the shop, it was closed. I used my key to open it. First I thought that maybe something happened and the employee had to leave quickly. But then I realized that he took all his things that always used to stay in the shop, like his coffee mug. At that moment it struck me. I turned the computer on and checked the browser history. The man tried to access his favorite porn website again. After seeing that it's blocked, out of shame, or anger, he left the office and blocked our numbers.

The employee basically vanished and was never seen again. Even though it was nearly the end of the month and he had quite an amount of money waiting for him, he never came back to collect his salary, despite numerous messages from my father (we didn't have his account number, he wanted cash). And what's the biggest FU here? I had to work my ass off at the shop for the the most of my holidays until we hired someone new and I taught them everything.

TL;DR: Found out employee watches porn at work, blocked it. Employee basically vanished and never came back. Had to replace him and waste my holidays.

Update: A lot of you tell me that it was not my FU, but a good thing to do. Well, looking back at it, I agree with you - it was probably good for the business in the long run. However, at that time it did feel like an FU for me. If not for his porn habit, he seemed to be a pretty decent employee. I didn't think that he will leave - I thought he would just stop and maybe feel ashamed for some time. When he vanished, not only did I have to cancel my holiday plans, but I also had a ton of leftover work to do and lots of unsatisfied clients. That was because the guy didn't really care to write down any info about what needs to be done, to-do lists, whatever. He basically left in the middle of of email conversations, with people waiting for him to call back and many different unfinished business. I had quite a lot of problems figuring all of it out and fucked up some things because of that. But all in all, you're right, guys. That was probably a good decision./nMy boyfriend and I decided to go on a sexy weekend. We got a hotel with a jacuzzi tub in it. So, I decided to add a few bubbles as its filling up by using body wash. I got a little excited, and added a few more bubbles than I needed. Theres a moderate amount of bubbles and everything is going great UNTIL

I turned the faucet off, and turned the jets in the tub on. It was hilarious, at first. The bubbles were growing but they were not stopping. Soon, there was a 4 foot tall wall of bubbles sitting above the tub. I turn the jets off. In an effort to get rid of the bubbles, we tried draining the tub but they're everywhere. In the tub, on us, on the walls, on the floor. 

My boyfriend tries scooping them up with a garbage can in the room and flushing them down  the toilet, but the flow of the flush made more bubbles and they just floated to the top and sat there.  Finally, we pulled ourselves together and used garbage cans to scoop the bubbles out of the tub and into the shower. It was absurd and is now one of my favorite memories. 

Tldr: bubble bath + jetted tub = hilarious bubble mountain and bubble extraction mishaps./nLast night was my second night using a CPAP. A CPAP pressurizes room air and feeds the air to a face mask to treat sleep apnea. Early on this morn, I was awoken with the familiar post taco bell gas pressure. Wanting to quickly go back to sleep, I gave it a push while laying on my side and away it went. I began to drift off to sleep when something paranormal began filling the pressurized mask which was covering my nose and mouth. I immediately regcognized the brand to be of my own as it began to smother me like a CIA Agent waterboarding a terrorist. I am notorious for making a room uninhabitable with my gas. The sound of my farts frequently wake my wife. Once the smell of a fart woke my at the time girlfriend and thus was unsure if it would be worse if I took the mask off. I either went back to sleep or passed out, not clear which. 

TL;DR TIFI when I farted next to my CPAP and was smothered in pressurized fart/nThis is a long story with a lot of details. So strap in, there's a nice payoff at the end. 

Like most TIFU, I was younger at the time, about 19 years old and was working at an Italian restaurant in the town that I live in. I live in a decently sized beach town that has no little to no crime and feels very much like a small town. 

The bosses at the restaurant I worked at were only a few years older than me and had hired me basically because I made them laugh during the interview. I realized this was important on my first day, because basically every other employee at the restaurant were girls. Hot ones. Like it's hard to concentrate on what you were doing hot. Of course my bosses did this so that they could hook up with them after work. And it worked. I regularly witnessed this process. So it was never surprising when one wouldn't show up and they'd hire another hot one sometime thereafter. I actually became numb to it. Instead of trying to act cool when a hot girl showed up for her first day, I was actually just cool about it. Because I was never the one getting laid. The bosses monopolized every chance that walked in through the front door. 

So when one day, a mid 30's supermodel faced Russian girl walked in the front door dressed like me, I didn't even flinch. She was without a doubt, the new hottest girl at the restaurant. But I was polite and said hi a couple times to her, but ultimately ignored her the first few weeks she worked with me. Mind you, the restaurant was always super busy and I knew that all these girls ended up hooking up with my wealthy, good looking bosses. I knew my chances were slim to none. Why bother even trying? 

After a few weeks of basically ignoring this girl, I realize that every day we work together, she basically starts to follow me around. If I'm at the bar, she's at the bar. If I'm at a break out back, she's on her break too. We start talking, and she's funny and I like listening to her. So eventually I start giving her rides home from work and picking her up when she needs it. And thus begins the framework for the most insane hookup night of my life. 

See, this girl didn't own her own car, but lived in a nice house with a roommate in a nice neighborhood. The same neighborhood as my wealthy bosses. My bosses actually had to pass her house on their way home from work. The neighborhood was within walking distance of work, which is why she started working there. So we start getting closer, but like the idiot that I am, I never even begin to think there is potential that I could hook up with her. I'm sure I am completely in the friend zone. And I didn't care. She's pretty and she's hanging around with me and I'm 19. She's 30 something. I feel special enough. 

I also don't think much of it either when I show up to work and start getting ribbed by one of my bosses about hanging out with her. He teased me in a fun way and I deny there being anything between us because there wasn't. But after a few days of this, I noticed the boss who primarily hooks up with the girls watching me a lot and not being so nice to me anymore. I'm young, but I immediately understand the problem I'm creating. He hires hot girls and then fucks them. That's the routine. I'm fucking up his routine. Hottest girl in the restaurant is hanging around me and not him. Being that I like my job, and make way more money than a 19 year old should, I really start pushing away from hot Russian girl. To the point of ignoring her. This was when I learned an early lesson about really hot girls. One you've probably heard before. Their entire adult life is riddled with guys who chase them, constantly pester them and never leave them alone. For a guy, any guy, to completely ignore them, is foreign to them. Paying them no attention will a lot of time actually make them go after you harder. Which is exactly what happened. 

So now it's becoming noticeable to me and everyone else we work with that this girl won't leave me alone. She begins to hang on me and tease me and do anything that will have me paying attention to her. On one side of the coin, it was awesome. On the other side, I could see my one bosses boiling rage that the younger funny guy he hired was beating him in the hot Russian girl game. And I wasn't just beating him, I was sweeping the series. Without so much as trying. 

So one weekend night I show up for work and as soon as I get inside, the boss who has begun to hate me calls me into the office. By the way, let's call hot, supermodel Russian girl "Anna". 

Boss: "What's going on with Anna?"
Me: "I don't know, did she not show up?"
Boss: "No, I mean with you and her. You guys fucking?"

So I'm young and smart, and know when I shouldn't let people walk over me or intimidate me. I want to keep my job, but I won't be a bitch about things either. So smiling I say, "I'm not sure if that's any of your business."

Big mistake. The mistake that starts it all. Because he slams the paper's he working on down hard on the table. He turns around in his chair and says, "Do you like your job? Do you want to keep it?" He knows the answer, so I just stare at him. "Well then stop seeing Anna. Stop picking her up, stop hanging with her every second that you are here. Stop allowing her to hang on you. Or I'll fire you." Immediately I understand the depth of how much he is into this girl and he's willing to fire me over it to get his way. And so I agree. I make the decision right then and there, that I'll keep away from her. Like I said, I have little to no chance anyway, and I'm making great money. Whatever. 

The night begins to wind down and I decide to go take a break out back. I've been ignoring Anna all night and my boss is now thoroughly pleased with me. His master scheme has worked and he can get back to trying to fuck the hottest waitress in the restaurant. So I'm sitting out back, not even thinking about the situation when Anna busts out the back door and slams it shut behind her. She's evidently pissed. She walks right up to me and doesn't fuck around with what's on her mind. 

Anna: "Are you mad at me?"

Me: "No, look Anna, I like you. You're great. But us being friends is making shit uncomfortable with the bosses and I. They're getting pissed at me."

Anna: "Because (shitty boss) wants to fuck me?"

Me: Yes, because (shitty boss) wants to fuck you."

Anna: "Do you want to fuck me?"

This is the part in the movie where the record would scratch, and then the main character laughs uncomfortably, completely at a loss for words. 

Me: "Um, uh... look, you're beautiful. No guy who sees you isn't attracted to you."

Anna: "I asked if you wanted to fuck me?"

Me: "Yeah. I would fuck you." 

Anna: "Good, then when we got off work tonight, take me back to my place and fuck me." 

And with that she walks off and back into the restaurant. I sit there stunned, in a haze. I'm pretty sure she's serious. I'm terrified. My life up until this point has been awful drunken hookups with high school girls at parties. I literally can't think. But I'm in. I'm solidly fucking in. Fuck my boss. This is worth losing my job over. 

So we wrap up work and she jumps in my car and we speed off. It's only when I pull up to her house, do I remember, shit... my boss lives in this neighborhood. I'm pretty sure he has to pass right down this road when he goes home. This must be how he has figured out she and I had been hanging out so much. I can't leave my car in the driveway. He'll see it. So she comes up with an idea I can't disagree with. There's a doctors office in a business complex right across the street. I can park there and just run back over. It's perfect. 

So I get back to her house, and walk in her front door and walk to her room, and she's standing in her underwear. It goes without saying that it's a memory burned into my mind. She takes my hand, sits me down on her bed and what follows is exactly what a 19 year old kid dreams of. So it's about 30 minutes later and the room is darkly lit and I'm praying to every major deity and thanking them that I haven't finished too quickly, because I want this moment to last forever. She's on top of me, and time is in slow motion. It's the greatest moment of my life at that point. Which is why it took me a few seconds to realize I'm seeing flashlights on her ceiling. I'm also seeing flashlights underneath her door to her room. She notices them first. Then I'm snapped back to reality. She starts to freak out. It's obviously flashlights. Pouring into her house. 

Being that I was the guy, and the guy is always supposed to protect the girl, I run naked to one of the windows. I look outside to see (and I'm not exaggerating here) 10 to 12 police cars with their lights on. In my peripheral I noticed something out of the corner of my eye. Slowly approaching is 5 officers dressed completely in SWAT gear. My only rational thought is that I'm watching all this and I'm naked. I no longer have an erection. I grab my boxers, throw them on and go to run back to the window. They're at this house, but this can't be for us. I'm confused. 

From outside, a man yells, "(Town I live in) Police! Open the front door immediately! The house is surrounded! We have a K-9 Unit! We will send him in if you don't comply!" I don't even think. I'm not a guy who gets in trouble a lot and have police officers in my family. The police tells you to do something, you do it. End of discussion. So I run to the front door, I swing it open and am staring at about 20 officers. SWAT included. Now my erection is inside me. I put my hands up, and go to speak when a hand comes out of nowhere and whips me to the ground. In my underwear. And it's raining. I land in a puddle. Hard. I hear hot Russian girl scream. The police rush past and enter the house. What the fuck is happening? I now have a vagina. 

I'm cuffed, there's dog's barking. A knee crushes into my neck and I'm throw into the back of a car while I'm asking what is happening. A few minutes pass and I turn to see hot Russian girl's roommate and hot Russian girl in my t-shirt and a towel talking to police. They're both cuffed. I'm sitting the back of the squad car for about a minute when I glance across the street and see 3 more police cars parked next to my Jeep. Where I had parked in the business complex. That perfect parking spot to hide from my boss. Then it dawns on me. It wasn't a perfect spot. Because it was well passed midnight. We work at a restaurant that doesn't get out till late. So I parked my car in an empty business parking lot, late at night, got out and ran around the side of the building. Mind you, I'm dressed in black from my job. Late at night, dressed in black, running around the side of a closed building. That probably looked pretty suspicious to the elderly security guard who patrolled the complex at night. 

So he made a call to the sheriff. So I know you're thinking at this point, well there's no way this many officers, let alone SWAT would show up for this. But they did. And here's why. The security guard went to the building to play police officer while waiting for the cops to arrive. He got out his flashlight and went searching apparently from building to building looking into windows. He at one point climbed up on a bench and looked inside a window and slipped and his flashlight crashed into and through a window. So now the alarms have gone off. When the police finally show up, he completely neglects to mention, he's the one who set off the alarm. Being that he's old, I've kind of forgiven him since then. So when the cops go searching the buildings they not only find a broken window, but know someone has attempted to get inside. Obviously. But they can't find me. Because I'm across the street having the greatest night of my life. So they call the K-9 Unit for a search. Which just so happens to be doing a late night training operation with the local SWAT team. What better way to train, then to do a real world exercise with someone breaking and entering. 

But it gets better. Her roommate drove a really nice car. An older Mercedes. A Mercedes that had just recently been in a minor car accident the week before. Damage right to the driver side of her car. Not major, but a nice little dent. So when the K-9 sniffs and tracks me passed the building, right up to the house I'm in, (yeah the dogs noses are that good) they now see a car that looks like it has been kicked in and house with basically no lights on in it. They treat the situation as if I could be running and trying to get away from them. Which gets us back to where I'm at. Soaked, in my underwear, in the back of a squad car. 

Now I know this has been a long story, and if you've stuck with it, the payoff is coming right now. And it's an amazing payoff. 

When I'm pulled out of the car, I explain the same story to them that hot Russian girl has told them: my boss told me to stay away and so I parked my car across the street to get laid. Basically word for word. The look they all give each other was priceless. I'll cherish that look forever. But, they now realize they have fucked up majorly but don't want to admit it just yet. There's about 10 cops standing around me outside of the car. 

SWAT guy: "How'd the window get broken?"

Me: "I don't know, I didn't touch anything. I just ran around the side to her house."

Officer: "The security guard just told us he accidentally broke it, he didn't tell us that earlier."

SWAT guy: "So you're over here, kinda hooking up?"

Me: "Yes sir. We work together. We just got off work. That's why I just parked there."

SWAT guy #2: "She's like in her 30's. You look about 16."

Me: "I'm 19. But yeah, she's older than me."

SWAT guy: "Wow." 

A couple chuckles. Then silence. 

SWAT guy: "Seriously... good for you man. I'm amazed. You're on another level then I was at your age." 

They then begin to apologize and begin to say things like "You understand we were just doing our jobs, we didn't know what was actually happening. You could have been dangerous" etc. etc. 

So I tell them not to worry and that I have police family members and completely understand. I won't be suing them or filing reports or anything. I just want the cuffs off. So they continue to be extra nice as they turn me around to take my cuffs off. So the payoff I've been talking about... the amazing kicker to the whole story. When they turn me around, I'm now facing back out across the street, in my underwear with the cuffs still on, and I see both my bosses pulled over on the side of the road, sitting on the side of their car, watching the whole thing. How long they have been there, I don't know. There were so many cop cars in the street they had to stop and wait. 

I was fired coincidentally within a few weeks. /nThis didn't happen today, but yesterday, so the pain is still very real.

I have COPD, a very serious lung disease that can only really be "cured" by having a lung transplant. (For the record -- I have never smoked; the current theory is that my COPD is genetic but not A1A, but they have yet to verify it.) Fortunately I qualify for transplant, so I had spent the week living in a hotel room near my hospital getting evaluated, which includes a battery of tests. I was poked and prodded and jabbed and lost more blood than CM Punk in the UFC.

Two days ago (Thursday) I had a test so serious it requires a surgical team. A catheter was inserted into my wrist, up the main artery in my arm, and used to inject dye into my heart to measure it's behavior. I was *seriously* doped up for this test, so I wouldn't accidentally move and rip out the catheter and send blood hurtling towards the ceiling in a grotesque *True Blood* fountain.

After the test, I was very specifically warned not to exert myself for 48 hours, not to use my arm for anything strenuous, and to be under **constant supervision** by another person. So, of course, the next morning I got myself dropped off for another round of tests and told my caregiver to come back for me in 8 hours.

The test involved eating a very small meal (the only thing I was allowed to eat since the previous night), and having my stomach PET-scanned after 1, 2 and 4 hours. After the 2 hour check, I was incredibly bored, so I went outside and started walking around. (Full disclosure: I was hunting Pokemon. Hospitals, especially famous Children's Hospitals, are *havens* of Pokemon and Pokestops.)

After a while I sat down on a bench, in the sun, and fell asleep. Normally when I sleep I require oxygen to keep my blood O2 levels up, but this time I just fell out unexpectedly. So, I woke up already low on oxygen, and began feeling nauseous. At this point all I cared about was finishing this stupid test, and I was pretty sure puking up my breakfast would ruin it. So, I decided the right thing to do was move out of the sunlight into the shade, and start making my way back inside.

So, I stood up, and instead of heading about 6 inches to my right to the shady side of the bench, I began moving uphill towards the next bench, about 50 feet from where I was. I immediately felt light-headed, woozy, and dizzy. So, of course my immediate reaction was to ~~sit back down~~ make a run for it and hope I got to the bench before I passed out.

Spoiler: I did not.

Within about 5 steps, I suddenly felt my legs refuse to move where I told them, got them twisted around each other, and fell face first onto the ground. Thankfully, by sheer luck, I fell into the grass, and didn't hit any of the trees, rocks, or metal furniture in the immediate area. After laying there for about 2 minutes, I finally sat up and assumed the "Triangle of Respiratory Distress" pose, which looks roughly similar to a panicked person having a mental breakdown. (Apparently that's only what **my** doctor calls it -- it's the tripod position, as seen here: [**http://m4t.wikidot.com/local--files/contrib:en-asthma/Tripod.jpg**](http://m4t.wikidot.com/local--files/contrib:en-asthma/Tripod.jpg)**).** A staff member came over and eventually a doctor and nurse got me wheel-chaired up and back into the place.

Unfortunately, on impact I used my bandaged, off-limits arm to catch myself, which merely served to swing me sideways so my rib cage landed directly on my portal oxygen tank. Once I got back into the building, I noticed that I was having (more than usual) serious trouble breathing, and there was a nice bruise spreading quickly up my arm.

I guess if there's any place you need to fall down into a life-threatening condition, outside a hospital medical plaza isn't a bad choice. but if I had landed a few feet to the left, or fallen the other direction, or the staff member hadn't chosen that time to do some gardening, most likely I would have bled out while suffocating to death in my confusion. My chest still hurts, and I have to be on oxygen full time until the soreness dissipates and I can breathe again.

All because big bad me "didn't really need" constant supervision after major surgery.

TL;DR Ignored direct doctors orders, overextended myself after surgery, passed out, and only by sheer luck did not suffer and permanent harm, merely excruciating pain in my ribs and a long-term connection to my home oxygen.

EDIT: As pointed out in many comments, not all COPD patients get transplants. Many aren't severe enough to need one (I didn't for a long time), and many more don't qualify (smokers, too old, other health problems, etc). But there is no cure or treatment for COPD -- if your lung function is bad enough to qualify, the only way to **fix** is it by getting new lungs.

EDIT2: No, I did not get to catch any Larvitar or any good Pokemon :(

EDIT3: apparently only my doctor calls it the Triangle of Respiratory Distress. It's the "seated tripod position"

EDIt4: No, I'm not a smoker./nThis TIFU actually happened today much to everyone’s surprise.

I went fishing early in the morning with my father and we caught some glorious fishies. Anyone who’s been fishing knows the smell of bait and fish guts is not very pleasant and is extremely difficult to get the stench out of your hands. I whipped my hand sanitiser out and did the best I could but the smell was still there, but hey that’s what fishin’ is all about!

On the way home we stopped off at the supermarket to get a few supplies and I opted to wait in the car while my dad got the goods. So I’m just sitting there with smelly hands, bored as hell so I started looking in the car for literally anything to do. I found some wet wipes in the glovebox and immediately thought “Hey! I can use these to get the smell out of my hands” so I wiped my hands and looked at my phone and realised I could use this to clean my phone too after handling it while fishing (because seriously, who doesn’t take a photo of their catch, please it’s 2019 for goodness sake) aaaaaand this is where the fuck up begins.

I took out a wipe, put my phone on my lap and started furiously wiping the screen to get the stickyness off. About 30 seconds go by until I realise there’s a middle aged woman standing about 20 feet away from the car staring at me in shock... We made awkward eye contact and I continued to aggressively scrub my phone until she pulled out her phone, dialled a number and walked off looking disgusted.

It was only a few moments later when I realised that from outside of the car it looked like I was furiously masturbating while chilling in my car.

So to the lady who had he great pleasure of witnessing that, sorry if you thought I was jerkin my gherkin in broad daylight, in the middle of a shopping centre carpark and I hope you didn’t call the cops on me!

TL;DR cleaning my phone while in a car and it looked like I was jacking off, woman who walked by disgusted probably called the cops./nI'll go ahead and paint you the picture of how I met my neighbor. 

It was a dark stormy night last night, approximately 730pm. Now this new neighbor is older, maybe 65, and just moved in a few weeks ago. I live in a white cookie cutter suburbia where no one goes outside unless its 75+ and sunny. I had just returned from the store with my wife when I decided to check the mail for some xmas gifts that were delivered. Now this is a community box, we have approximately 40 boxes or so in this mail hub. Again, it is POURING down rain, we live in the Pacific northwest and a pineapple Express system hit last night.

This particular neighbor does not work, and does nothing all day that I can tell. Mail gets delivered at approximately 12pm, so he has 7.5 hours to retrieve his goods prior to the time I went. 

So there i go, again, storm pouring rain, 45mph winds, and me waddling over in that super soaked why am I doing this waddle. My mail unit is near the bottom. Now for dinner I made us some tacos and black beans. These guys have been sitting on me for about 2 hours at this point. So there I am, bending over to grab our precious cargo that was shipped from lands afar when the wettest, nastiest, rippiest, pant ripping, thunderous war cry I have ever had releases from my doom chamber. I stood up from getting the mail thinking my God I'll need to rush and wipe after that disgusting creature that just released. As I stand and turn around there is my new neighbor, standing approximately 2 feet behind me, completely silent, in the dark stormy night. I know by his face he has been hit. Completely fear struck questioning the purpose of living. I being a good neighbor notice his face, nod my head, and walk by without a single word.

Tl;dr neighbor snuck up on me at mailbox and I destroyed his nose hairs with a wet nasty ass fart.

Edit:  my first gold, yesssssss! I'm glad my bodily functions brought all of you joy. Minus the neighbor.
 
Edit #2: Double gold and over 15k!?! Bucket list complete. Merry Christmas everyone./nAs a frequent reader of this subreddit I dreaded the day in which I’d have a story worthy of being posted here, but alas, here I am. This event took place three days ago. I am on winter break and have tons of free time, and with that time I have been playing tons of Madden 18 on my Xbox One console. That day I asked my brother if he wanted to play, he agreed, but left the room to go to the bathroom. I used this time to turn on the Xbox and grab the Madden 18 box from the cabinet. The Xbox is taking a bit to load so I quickly check my twitter in the meantime. It finally loads and I select Madden 18, however when I do so an error message pops up saying that I do not own the game and need to either insert disk or buy it. I get slightly irritated as my Xbox has had issues with the disk drive for a while now, including sometimes having problems reading the disk. So I press the eject button and it makes a “reject” sound effect. Hmmm. I press it again. No luck, it beeps it’s reject noise again. Great, my disk is jammed in there. 

My brother comes back and I explain the problem. We google the issue and Microsoft’s solution is to stick a paper clip through a hole on the side and manually eject the disk. Cool. We search the house and finally find a paper clip. We stick it in, but find no luck in ejecting the disk. We watch Microsoft’s video on how to properly do it. This video is very slow paced, annoying, and didn’t provide any help to us. 

Next we schedule an appointment with Best Buy to see if they can help. We have to wait until my Mom is back from work in order for us to get a ride (as my sister was using our other car) An hour later my Mom and I drive to Best Buy where we await our appointment. We end up waiting a while as no one is at the desk, eventually a man arrives. He ends up being helpless as he apparently needs a receipt and we are unable to remember the phone number or email the Xbox might have been bought under all those years ago. We leave in anger after half an hour. 

Back at the house my Mom googles more videos on how to manually eject, those don’t work either. More irritation. Finally we look up other local places that could possibly help retrieve my entombed disk. We find a place online that says they can do the repair for $130. We decide that is essentially the same price as buying another Xbox One, and hopefully this new Xbox won’t have a faulty disk drive, but first however, we must bust into the broke Xbox to save the Madden disk (so that we don’t have to waste another chunk of money replacing the game).  

We google how to manually break into the console. We use a screwdriver to snap open the side. Next we have to snap apart some hooks. Now we reach an inner metal box. There are several metal screws holding in place a plastic compartment which holds the disk drive. Bingo. However the screws are some weird shape and none of our screwdrivers work. Next we take our drill and attempt to destroy the top of the screw in order to lift the top metal plate off to reach the plastic that holds the disk drive in place. The screw survives our attack. At this point my Dad has also joined and we are on a mission as a family to get this disk. We take a wrench and grab ahold of the edge of the metal top and begin to peel back the metal. Eventually we pull it back enough to reveal the plastic holders. My brother then snaps the plastic with a screwdriver and at last the disc drive is free. From there, there are 4 tiny screws holding us back from entering the disk drive to retrieve our disk. 3 come off easily, of course the 4th one doesn’t. So we just rip it open like a sardine can. We take a look inside.... and there appears to be no disk. Huh. My brother walks back to the other room for a minute. That’s when I hear the Seinfeld theme start playing. Oh no. My stomach drops. My brother walks in holding the Madden 18 box in one hand and his phone playing the theme in his other. He opens the box on the table for all to see. The disk was in the box the whole time. I had apparently got distracted and had a brain fart because I had never actually put in the disk, so of course it couldn’t read the disk. We had just ripped apart an Xbox One for no reason and wasted hours. Not only that, but of course my whole family is part of this fuck up, so I’m going to be hearing this story for years to come. Great. 

TL;DR: Thought my game disk was jammed in my Xbox, so after troubleshooting, we decided to rip it open to salvage the disk (as repairs would cost roughly the same as buying another Xbox). Spend hours ripping into the Xbox., only to find out in the end that the game disk had never been put in the disk drive to begin with. Now we broke our Xbox, wasted time and money, and I will have to hear this story for years to come from my family. 
[Aftermath](https://imgur.com/gallery/YZO9U)

Edit 1: Paragraphs, Christ. 

Edit 2: i apparently didn’t make this clear, my bad: we had been planning on getting a new Xbox for a while, so there was no intention on repairing the Xbox, just get the game and finally get a new one/nMy TIFU actually started 3 days ago, but background first. My Dad was 56 and my mom was 46 when me and my twin sister were born. My dad died in 2007 when my twin sister and I were 12. He had been a heavy drinker and smoker since he was 10, passing at 69 following decades of very poor health so it was mostly a relief when he died. 

My mom and dad were married since 1973 and tried for many years to have children until they had my sister and I in 1994. My mom only has us but my dad had a son from a prior marriage who is about 30 years older than us who I’ve met several times but we aren’t close due to the age difference. He also had 2 daughters from another prior marriage that I had never met, I only know they live in California and first names. They also did not speak to my dad and didn’t attend his funeral. 

As I’ve gotten older and had kids of my own, I became more curious about my dads family. I asked my mom to no avail, she said she had no idea about why the girls didn’t speak to my dad. She said she also didn’t know how to contact them. I ordered a 23 and me kit to hopefully find my half sisters and get some answers. 

Also, the idea of possibly being 1% black or Asian would have been cool. I’m white as can be. 

So I order the kit and 3 weeks later get my results. Unfortunately, I am not any shocking ethnicity. 61.2% British actually along with  20.7% French/German and other European make-up.

What is surprising though is that I found 4 half sisters! 2 more than I thought! My dad was not a picture of moralism so it doesn’t surprise me he had some unclaimed kids running around. So, excitedly, I click to see the names. 

Oddly, none of the names match my half sisters I’m looking for. This means I have 6 half sisters! Wow, dad was kind of a whore but this is still exciting. My twin and I immediately message them on the site. 

The first to reply we’ll call Mary, she says she was born via IVF in 1992 in North Carolina. Mary also said the donor was a med student. WELL, my mom is adamant my Dad didn’t donate to sperm banks and that he didn’t live in the state she’s from. So I’m thinking poor Mary doesn’t know her mom is lying to her about an affair she had with my Dad. I felt terrible for my mom as well as this would definitely mean he cheated on my mom. 

Like I said, my Dad was scummy. 

I just tell Mary that my (our) father was actually in construction his whole life so he or the agency was lying about med school. He dropped out in 7th grade! I sent her some pictures of my dad and my twin and I from childhood. We laugh about how much we look alike and say we could even be triplets. 

Later that evening, I get another message from another half sister we’ll call Tiffany. Tiffany says she was also conceived via IVF in 1993 in Pennsylvania. All she knows is her dad has blonde hair and green eyes and was a med student. 

I’m honestly so happy to see another IVF because this confirms my Dad did use sperm banks and just didn’t tell my Mom. Which was shitty, but better than an affair. 
I send Tiffany pictures of my Dad and tell her about him and that’s it. 

Then comes last night. I’m shopping at IKEA with my friends relaying this soap opera story to them. I’m telling them my theory about these sperm banks lying to their customers to get better prices. Telling people they’re getting a blonde hair green eyed med student when in reality they’re getting a brown hair brown eyed sheetrock worker. 

It’s at this moment my friend “Miranda” said “You and your twin have blonde hair and green eyes...what if your Dad isn’t your Dad and your mom also used IVF?” 

At first I laughingly entertained the idea that it would make sense for my mom to need IVF because that makes way more sense than suddenly becoming pregnant at 46 and 56. 

I quickly realized “Holy shit that actually does make sense.” 

Then came the obvious thought to probably everyone but me...how could a 55 year old alcoholic chain smoker pass for a med student? It would have been 25 years since he could BELIEVABLY look under 35. Unless they somehow had his sperm in storage for 30 years before using it,  AND the sperm banks in different states used the same lie about med school, it didn’t seem likely. 

I also have Type 1 diabetes and have no family history at all. Every doctor I’ve had tells me how unlucky I am because it is usually in the family tree and my chances of getting it were very low. 

I’m currently looking at my “half brothers” pictures and he looks just like my dad but nothing like my sister and I. Not even close. 

My mom has had a migraine throwing up the past 2 days since discussing this but I assumed it was a coincidence, now I’m thinking nerves. 

I’m going to talk to my mom today and if I get the answer I think I will, I’m going to message my new half sisters apologizing for showing them their Dad because he’s actually none of our Dads. 

Pretty sweet my Dad might be a Doctor and not a raging alcoholic though, so that’s cool. 



TL;DR I felt bad my 4 new half sisters didn’t know their father but as it turns out, none of us know our father. 

UPDATE: My mom admitted it! WE ARE IVF BABIES! I texted my half sisters this morning to let them know. This will be a great party story. 

UPDATE 2: I and my half sisters claim any and all movie rights to this and do not approve any unauthorized use of this story. Be cool, thanks guys! /s since some people can’t understand this was tongue in cheek. 

Also I am a girl!/nOkay, so I posted this yesterday, but my formatting was all kinds of fucked up so they took it down.
     Anyway here's the story:
     So I'm the general manager at an upscale(ish) Japanese steakhouse. The kind of place where they do the hibachi grill in front of you and charge you $20 for a plate that's 75% rice. Anyway, it's Friday night. We're balls to the wall busy and, like most restaurants on a Friday night, everything is generally chaos. I currently don't have an assistant manager, so at any one time I'm doing 8,000 different things by myself. So fast forward to the peak of our rush tonight. We have a group of 25 eight year olds show up to eat for one of the little fuckers birthdays. That's 25 eight year olds that are being supervised by 4 adults... In other words it's pretty much my worst fucking nightmare. 
      So I'm running around trying to make sure the other 150+ customers are being taken care of while all these prepubescent little shits are treating my restaurant like its a god damn chuck e cheeses. Meanwhile the 4 adults are at the bar drinking, presumably because they've been put in charge of 25 demonic hell spawns. At this point I'm so busy that I don't even have time to be concerned about these little demons or the worthless parents that should be trying to control them. 
       I'm standing in the lobby when I see a waitress flag me down from across the room. I'm making my way through the crowd that's amassed in the lobby and I'm moving at a pretty brisk pace. Suddenly I have one of the hostesses behind me shout me name and I do very abrupt 180 to turn around and see what they need. It was in this 180 turn that apparently I forgot how to control my arms. I turned around so quickly that my arm swung out in a weird kind of sweeping arc and the large faced, very heavy, metal watch that was on my wrist makes the most solid contact imaginable with this eight year olds forehead. I hit that kid so hard I half expected someone to pop out of the crowd and yell "WORLDSTAR!". My watch actually cut the kid when it hit him, so he's laying on the ground bawling and bleeding everywhere, I'm just standing there staring at the kid in shock, and the kids dad (who just happened to be one of the 4 adults) has now left the bar and is making a bee-line right for me and his concussed 8 year old. 
      The guy immediately gets in my face and starts screaming at me for hitting his kid. At this point I'm still trying to be all about customer service and I'm trying to calmly and politely explain that it was an accident and I'm extremely sorry. The dad continues to be a massive asshole, accusing me of assaulting a child and threatening to call the police. Finally I just snapped. I always treat customers with respect and kindness even when they're being belligerently douchey, but I just couldn't deal with this guy. I blow up on him, and ask him what kind of shitty father sits at a bar drinking while a horde of children he's responsible for run around a restaurant unsupervised. I tell him that if he gave a shred of a shit about his kid he would've been watching him and this never would've happened. At this the father becomes irate. He starts screaming about what a shitty restaurant we are and about what a shitty manager I am. He grabs his kid (who's still crying and bleeding) by the arm, yanks him off the ground and proceeds to storm outside, streaming a slew of profanity as he leaves. 
     About 15 minutes pass when suddenly two police officers walk in with this guy riding their coat tails like he's hot shit. The police come to question me and they're very curious as to why I "would punch a child in the face". I explain to them it was all a complete accident and a total misunderstanding. I explain how everything was caught on the restaurants security cameras and I'd be happy to show them the footage. They watched it, agreed that it was a total accident, and cleared me of any wrong doing. When the cops go to leave without me in handcuffs the father becomes absolutely furious and starts screaming at me and the police officers in the middle of the lobby. The cops begin to explain to the man he needs to calm down before they're forced to do something. This makes him even more mad. Then I mention to the police officers how the guy never paid for the drinks he had at the bar and how he just walked out on his tab. (Now I realize I may have caused brain damage to his child and I probably could've just let him have the drinks to compensate, but fuck that guy.) When I accuse the guy of walking out on his tab it becomes too much for his insignificant little mind to bare and he snaps. He lunges at me, swings, and totally misses. I jump out of the way as the cops take the guy down and slap the handcuffs on him. The police then dragged him out the front door while he was screaming at everyone he could possibly scream at and that was the last we saw of him. At least for tonight anyway.


TL,DR: I run a restaurant. Large group of unsupervised little shits show up. 8 year old little shit's not paying attention to me, I'm not paying attention to him. In a whirlwind of fast paced movement my large metal watch collides with his face and basically knocks him the fuck out. Little fucker's shit stick of a father flips out. Chaos ensues. 



Edit: I just got off work and saw that this was front page, so that's pretty dope. I guess I should say thanks for that? I never really thought so many people would be overjoyed by me hulk-smashing a child into oblivion, but the lord works in mysterious ways. 
         To everyone asking how exactly I fucked up I would refer to the part where I unleashed the watch of wrath on a child's forehead. And I might not have finished that business degree I started, but I'm pretty sure your general manager Kimbo Slicing a youngling isn't good for business. Also my job might not exactly be safe if this guy talks to a lawyer. Although that might not be all bad, because fuck managing a restaurant, am I right? It's pretty much the closest thing to hell.
         And to everyone bitching about my formatting.
Eat a bag of syphilitic dicks, I manage a fucking restaurant for a living. Do you really expect a literary masterpiece? Be happy I even attempted to make paragraphs. 
         But thanks again for the whole front page thing and all the discussions about child clubbing. That's pretty cool.



Edit 2:
And to everyone saying I'm a shitty manager for going off on that guy, go fuck your own face. In the 4 months since I took over our rating has increased across all social media, we've been making more money, and our service is regularly complimented. And I'm in charge of an entire restaurant at 23, so fuck you. I've got plenty of wiggle room for experience and lesson learning in my life/management career.


Edit 3:
Harambe. Never forget.

Last edit: 
I saw where someone gilded me, so I will say the customary thank you for that. As is tradition./nObligatory this didn't happen today, rather 2 years ~ ago. Also writing this on my phone, so sorry for format AND english isn't my native language so double sorry for grammar/spelling errors.

Anyways, when I started my first job after finishing school I finally received my first salary and fulfilled a wish of mine: to finally buy a vibrator.

So I grabbed my best friend, we went into town and bought the same model.
Great thing, kinda small (not even bigger than my hand) but I'd do its job.

Fast forward a few months, I had a great time with that thing. I usually hid it under my mattress, for quick access. It kinda bothered me because I thought the mattress was kinda gross but I didnt want to change my hiding spot, so I wrapped my toy into some tissues.

Before the fuck up happend I used it while being on my Period, I wiped all the blood with the tissue and wrapped it after cleaning (yes, with the same tissue).

After that I didn't use it for a while, and my birthday approached. I worked on my birthday and when I got home I talked with my dad about my day. But then he stared to act weird, and tried to get me to go to my room.

So I went into my room. And then it happend.
Mom was standing on the otherside of my room, recording me. And then I noticed: there was a new bed in my room.

"Happy birthday!" and my face dropped. You can literally see in the video how my confusion turned into horror. Where did my vibrator go? They had to see it. And all the blood, I probably seemed like a freak.

"Oh, a new bed.."
"Yes! Your brother helped build it up. But I moved all your stuff around the bed, so if you can't find something just ask me"

Surely I wouldnt ask. And great they pulled my older brother into this. I played it cool till they left and then the search begun. Nothing.
I texted my best friend and told her everything, she was having the time of her life.

After that day I got a few comments which hinted they found it (duuh, someone of those three had to) but I'm not sure who, and if they all know.

A few months past, I didnt buy a new one. I was looking in my room for something, and I actually found it in a box on my shelf. Still in the same tissue.

To this day I don't know who found it and my best friend still has a kick out of the video.

TL;DR: Bought a vibrator, used it while on period and hid it in a bloody tissue under my mattress. Then, without my knowledge, my parents bought me a new bed and set it up before I could change my hiding spot.


Edit: A lot of people are commenting about the (nonexistent) hygiene in this case. I did not plan on using the toy without proper cleaning of course. But thanks to everybody that wanted to inform me of the dangers of a dirty toy! Also, if it calms some minds, meanwhile I use special bags, cleaning utensils and a better "hiding" spot.

Also, because a few people mentioned this, dad is actually my stepdad. Still call him dad because thats what he is to me./nMy mom invited people who were visiting from England over to her house and asked me to pick them up. My mom lives about an hour away and my apartment is close to the visiting relatives. She sends me an address and I proceed to said address. Now mind you I've never seen these people before in person but she told me two people were supposed to come over. I get to the house and there are exactly two people standing outside. It's a dad and his five year old-ish son. It's snowing and sleeting outside and I roll my window down to tell them to come in. The dad says something and I just say "yeah yeah, I'm here for you just come in!"

They get into the car and we immediately start talking like we should know each other. He tells me his phone is dead so he couldn't call the people he was supposed to see and confirm the pick-up (I assumed he was talking about my mom). He asks me if he could plug his phone into the USB and I'm like sure. Then he proceeds to ask me about me and my life. He asks if I know my native language and I laugh and say I know enough (spoiler: apparently not well enough). He then keeps mentioning the word "Munjor". Every time he said it he was like "Munjor Bhai" (which translates to Brother Munjor) but I didn't pay close attention -- I had an hour drive ahead of me. Then we keep talking about how he is trying to learn English himself and is trying to get his little boy accustomed to the English language. He is trying really hard for people at home to start speaking it. 

Then he mentions how excited he is about the car "Munjor Bhai" is going to show him. At that point I was ten minutes into the drive and already on the highway and it finally hit me. And I ask him what does "Munjor" mean? He tells me it's a person's name. At that point I'm like that’s a weird name to call my mom. And he goes, "Mom? Isn't that your uncle?" At that point I'm like what the crap. I go down a list of family members in my house to see if he maybe recognizes them. He does not. We both have a puzzled look on our faces. His child is really scared at that point. He asked his dad, "Dad who is this man driving us?"

Then I decide to call my mom to clear it up. Turns out I picked up the wrong two people and I had in fact picked up two total strangers. My mom asked me who I had in the car and I was like I had no idea with a super nervous laugh.

I hang up and tell them I was way sorry. The fear in their eyes -- I'll never forget it. I took the nearest U-turn and brought them home. Turns out the people I was supposed to pick up lived a floor below the people I actually picked up.

**Edit:** Front page of Reddit! Thanks guys for the up votes and comments -- definitely a bucket list item -- you're all awesome! :)

**Edit #2:** I think the biggest red flag was that they were from England and didn't have the cool accent. I'll remember this for next time!

TLDR; I accidentally picked up two strangers I wasn't supposed to and almost drove them an hour from their home./nThis happened about six months ago and I'm still trying to get over this.

So... I was swiping left and right on this dating app most of you have already heard of. I matched with this very handsome, bearded and tattooed creature. He was extremely polite and funny, but also had this cheeky side of him that really got to me. He asked me out for dinner and I said sure.

Fast forward to the date night. We met at this lovely little restaurant. He was as dreamy as in the pictures but the conversation was going a little slow. We talked about our work, school, hobbies etc. You know... normal stuff. There wasn't really any flirting going on and you might say I was even a bit bored. I could also sense he was feeling the same way. I was already made up my mind about not seeing him for the second time and because of that I thought it would be fun to shake things up a bit. BIG mistake.

So I decided to lie to him about being originally from Estonia. I know what a stupid idea. I told him about my roots and how I ended up moving all the way here from my sweet home country. I guess that made me look more interesting to him because the whole vibe of the date changed and we both started to actually enjoy our time there. We ended up having a blast and at the end of the date he asked me if I would like to join him and his friends for beers at this bar near the restaurant. I was having fun, so why end the night there?

We got to the bar and he introduced me to his friends. One of his friends just so happens to be ''also'' from Estonia. My date was so excited. I was not. My date went on to get us drinks and left me alone with said friend. This isn't going to end up well. He started to talk to me in Estonian and I started to panick. What do I do? I can't just run out of there, can I?

So I did what any reasonable and normal human being would do. I started to talk to him in gibberish. Full on gibberish of what I thought estonian language was supposed to sound like. I had sweat dripping from my forehead, my heart was pounding and I can imagine how red my face was turning. He looked baffled while listening to me and after I was done he asked me with a slight amusement in his tone ''Where did you say you were from again? I'm from \[Place in Estonia\].''He'd switched to english. I was choking back tears as I finally answered him with a straight face ''oh yeah I'm from the South, we speak kinda funny there''. He didn't seem to buy it. As soon as I said that my date returned with my beer. I couldn't stay there and watch the trainwreck that was about to happen if the friend was to open his mouth.

I chugged my beer so fast I had to hold in a burp. I thanked my date for a lovely night and told him that something had happened and I had to leave. I left, embarrassed and humiliated. Went home and cried a little about how stupid I had to be. At least I learned my lesson not to lie to people.

&#x200B;

TL;DR Lied to my date about being estonian so he'd think I'm interesting. Ended up meeting his estonian friend and having a convo in gibberish.

&#x200B;

Edit. the burp

C'mon guys I panicked. It felt like the only option I had. 

Glad to see you guys enjoying my failure. My friends and parents also have had a lot of fun reminding me about it. Also thanks for the gold even though I'm not really sure what to do with it. The date and I snapchatted for a while but never made it to seconds. He asked me out again and we made plans but they got cancelled by both parties and haven't heard of him in a while. He never mentioned anything about the incident so I really don't know what happened after I left. He was great though. 

The reason I chose Estonia is because I've been there before and I loved it (but not enough to learn the language). I had already told my date I spoke estonian so I had to keep going. Felt like I was a passenger in my body just watching me make dumb desicions and couldn't stop it. Also this happened in Europe if it matters./nMy old computer is a Toshiba. My mom used to have it for a couple years when I was 5 or 6, and gave it to me when I was 8 or so. She had it so there were 2 users, me and my mom. Hers was password protected, and mine wasn't. 
Fast forward a lot of years to today. I decide "Hey, why not check out my mom's?" In a moment of pure dumbassery, not to mention nosy. 
So I check. I go to the pictures. A bunch of pictures of me and my brother (Let's call him Bro), being happy, eating food, birthdays, etc. So I decide to go into the documents folder. Here's where it goes wrong. I start opening up random ones, and they all mention some random guy, I'll use the name "Joe" for now. There's mentions of Joe wanting to see me, or say hi to me. Joe keeps being mentioned, along with my name, and my dad's name, let's call him "Moe." 
I find an archived email to Joe. It's my mom asking him to let Moe take custody of me. 
Confused, I look around more until I find a court document. 
I see Moe's name on there, along with his relation to my family.

-Moe is the biological father of Bro

-Moe is the stepfather of Me

I double take and look at it for a couple minutes.

I find another document, and it's about Joe. Apparently he was my biological father, and he left my mom and refused to pay child support. 

All these years Moe has been treating me so nice and I'm not even his child.

TL;DR I looked through my laptop that used to be my mom's, found out my "dad" isn't my biological father

Update: Asked my dad about this. He said he went through something similar, and told me about his Moe, who I've met before and I can confirm he is an amazing dad/grandfather. So me and my dad are kinda in the same boat..?

Update 2: For those asking about how I got the password, I used her computer when I was younger to download MineCraft, but unneeded the administrator's password. So she told me and I remembered it ever since

Update 3: Thanks to both people for the silver! It means a lot to me!

Update 4: People are siding with Joe, and they're saying to maybe give him a chance. When my mom gave birth to me, she nearly died, and had to relearn how to walk. She was in the hospital for months. Joe decides one day during this to just leave. He's never paid a penny of child support since. 

Update 5: Told my mom about this and it just gets better. Apparently, Joe was supposed to pick up Tylenol for me, as I was running a fever, but instead decided to go and party, and I ended up having a FUCKING *SEIZURE.*
Wherever you are Joe, fuck you.
/nThe good story starts as any good story does, with an Englishmen having his morning cup of tea. Though this time it doesn’t because the boss forgot to order more tea bags so no tea was to be had this morning. Enter me and bob, we love our morning tea so are rather annoyed ,so we plan to bring our own tea bags the next morning.

I see bob the next morning and walk up to him “Morning Bob, I’ve got the good shit this morning” I said gesturing toward my rucksack. He laughed and said “I’ve got to the good shit too”. Unknown to us a team Leader heard this and reported it to management.

Two hours later Bob and I are pulled into the office in front of the store manager. He’s a pretty cool guy, never given me any trouble as long as I do my job but he has to investigate this, so they also bring our rucksacks down.

M “So lads, I hear you’ve brought ‘the good shit to work’ with you?

Me “Yeah only because you guys haven’t got any here” Bob was chuckling.

M “This is really serious, you have a drugs allegation against you by a team Leader”

Me “Drugs, what are you on about? Tea. I’ve brought tea bags. There’s none in the staff room”.

So this went back and forth until they finally opened our bags and revealed a box of Tetley tea bags and a box of yorkshire tea bags. Safe to say the staff tea bags have been ordered.

TL;DR made it sound like me and a friend were bringing drugs into work but was actually just tea bags.

Second edit; Yall can blame the mods for the typo. I had to reword the title to repost it. First one had no typos or errors.

[Dug here for you](http://imgur.com/hxLPzio)/nSo, I've been practicing how to drive for years now. Been taking some online practice tests, passed my written test, been practicing on roads and it all led up to today. I even drove my car to the DMV and the ride there went quite well. I pulled up to the starting line (or more specifically, one car length behind the starting line) and let my instructor get settled in. She told me to drive straight ahead and prepare to make a right turn. I did just that, but as soon as I turned on my right turn signal, she told me to stop and asked what I did wrong. I was honestly taken aback. She told me I ran a stop sign which, to my surprise, was an automatic failure. It turns out there was a stop sign about a car's length from where I "started" which I must've missed. I'm aware it was an honest mistake, but it's still probably the dumbest way I could've failed. It's funny. My instructor actually said the same thing that happened to me happened to a guy who tried to take the test three days before I did at the same location.

TL;DR - I ran a stop sign I didn't even see at the starting line, which was an automatic failure.

**Edit:** Thank you so much for all the positive reinforcement, as well as sharing your fellow stories of road test mishaps. My day became better as soon as I read your comments. I know I made an honest mistake and I'm glad to find out that other people have flubbed up in weird ways, too. :) Also, to answer a question people have been asking in the comments, I have a learner's permit and was driving to the DMV with an older, more experienced driver in the car./nSo just to set the stage here my wife is currently surfing the red tide solo.  During these monthly events my board is kicking it on the beach waiting for better days. 
  So after watching the family friendly Tosh.O we've been playing the scare game trying to freak each other out on random occasions.  Of course I am the master having got the kids and the wife numerous times and they have failed to scare me yet. But enough of me beating my chest, lets get to the fuck up.

  So the 14 year old is grounded and stuck at home and the 8 and 9 year olds have just finished their homework.  My gorgeous wife calls me saying that she is almost home and that I should get the kids out of the house and take them to the park where she will meet us later after she gets home and changes.  Thats when it hits me... What a perfect opportunity for the four of us to scare the crap out of her.  The first thing she does when she gets home is go to our closet to change clothes.

So I hatch the plan with the kids that we should pretend we went to the park but instead hide in the closet to scare Mom instead.  Everyone loved the idea especially since it didnt involve them being freaked out for once.

So we see her pull into the alley and we scramble into the closet and wait.  Im trying to get them to all stop snickering as we hear the garage door close.  Then come the foot steps down the hall...  Her purse hits the desk and we can hear her fumbling around the room.  The dresser drawer opens and in the back of my head a brain cell lights up... But no thats not going to happen... And then it does.  

Bzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz and moans start to fill the room.  I look at the puzzled faces of the two innocent ones and the revolting shock of disgust on the 14 year old and did the only thing I could think to do.... "Hey angel we are in the closet and we were going to scare you.  Coming out in 1 minute."

We are still trying to process this event.  But needless to say Im still laughing my ass off and she has this sheepish look on her face.  Not sure what we are going to say to the 8 & 9 year old... And I think the 14 year old will never be the same again.  

So there ya go./nThis happened almost a year ago exactly, on January 2nd.

I've snowboarded almost my entire life, and would consider myself decent. My dad got a hold of me the day before this happened wanting to go on our first ski trip for the season. 

Now the prior season I had damaged one of my boards beyond repair and hadn't gotten around to getting a new one, so I decided to use an old one (first mistake). I stayed up all night stripping it down and giving it a new paint job. Didn't get a minute of sleep. In my sleep deprived state, I accidentally switched my left and right binding when I put them back on, didn't wax the board, and forgot my helmet when I was loading up the car.

6+ hour drive later, get to the resort and realize I forgot my helmet, and stupidly thought I'd be fine without one because I've snowboarded so long. First trip down the slopes went alright, but second trip down I'm having problems controlling the board because the bindings were switched, and I didn't wax or edge it. I hit a patch of ice and catch way too much speed and my two options are hit the little kid that just cut in front of me and definitely hurt him, or go off what I **thought** was a short drop off to the side of the trail.

Of course I decided to go off the very much not short drop off. End up falling ~15 feet before the tip of the board catches in ice, slamming me head first into the hard ice. Roll another 50 feet so so, hitting every imaginable spot on my head. Almost blacked out, super out of it. I sit there for 20 minutes, board snapped in half, goggles and hat 50 feet behind me.

Finally manage to get my stuff and get down the hill to find my dad, who refused to get ski patrol cause it was "just a headache". Called them myself, got told I was fine and eyes rolled at me. Dad drives me 6 hours home instead of taking me to the hospital down the road. Mom proceeded to take me to the hospital, where it was confirmed there was some heavy brain damage.

Fast forward through a year of countless appointments with neurologists, occupational therapy, hospital visits, missing almost the entire last semester of my senior year and nearly didn't graduate, and took a semester off before I start college. I'm left with ADHD like problems, mood swings, horrible coordination, problems sleeping, a stutter on occasion, and many other problems.

Wear your helmet kids.

TLDR; Didn't sleep, didn't wear a helmet snowboarding, permanent brain damage and problems for likely many years to come

Edit: Yes, I know I was an idiot. And yes, I know this was my fault. I just thought I'd share so others don't make the same stupid decisions as I do.

If you guys are really that concerned about this being a karma grab, I mentioned my TBI in a couple of comments a few months ago 

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/59tj24/people_who_play_an_instrument_in_what_kind_of_way/d9b82qx

https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/55b4nz/serious_reddit_what_keeps_you_up_at_night_how/d895mxy/nIn classic reddit fashion, T(en years ago) I fucked up by doing what I thought was a pretty innocent practical joke. I'm only just getting over the shame, so I guess I'm ready to make a throwaway and tell the story.

My entire junior class (~175 kids) was taken out to the "big city" to see some type of Shakespeare play. Not a broadway, but some truly awful back-woods theater production. So everybody is pissed that we didn't go see something cool. Perhaps because of that, and unbeknownst to me, a group of ~20 kids had smuggled booze into their backpacks and were getting drunk (The 16-year-old, "God, I'm so drunk right now!", but not actually drunk). So that's under wraps and none of the teachers find out.

Then the FU. I'm sitting at the food court of a mall on our way back home with my two best friends. One of them had bought this disgusting chocolate pudding that he didn't want. So I dared him to put some on the toilet seat of the restroom. He dared my other friend. My other friend double-dog-dared me. Knowing that you can't back down from a double-dog-dare, I knew I had to do it.

So I go in to the bathroom of the food court, put a little bit on the toilet seat, and a little bit on the wall. It's pretty minor, and I think "Heh, did it, that's funny, and somebody could wipe this off with a napkin after they laugh about it. Maybe two napkins."

Nope. As I'm sitting down at my seat, some employee runs screaming out of there, thinking it was real poop. Not bothering to check or reason it out. Just screaming. 

Then shit hits the fan. Teachers start randomly pulling kids aside and interrogating them. One was a former marine and he thought this was the single defining moment of his life. He goes ape-shit on everybody. I'm surprised he didn't start water-boarding people there.

It comes to light somehow that these kids have been drinking. So they are instantly blamed by the teachers but the students know it wasn't any of them (they were the cool kids). With 175 kids, the rumors are flying around real fast. We get herded into the buses immediately, and as soon as we got back, everyone was ushered into the auditorium for what were the worst hours of my life. Everybody was sitting there, and one or two kids would get called out at a time. When they came back in, another would get called out. This went on for about 3-4 hours; the complete trepidation was tangibly thick in the air. Fortunately, neither of my friends ratted me out. But all the kids who were drinking wound up with pretty severe punishments. 

All trips for the next two years canceled? Check.

Annual trip to the amusement park canceled? Check.

Senior trip canceled? Check.

People complained about poop-man for the next two years. Every time I heard that I would die of guilt on the inside. I was terrified of anybody finding out and me winding up suspended and not able to go to college. Hopefully I've passed the time horizon where anybody from my school will read this and laugh instead of going on a witch hunt...

TLDR Put some chocolate pudding on a public toilet during a field trip as a joke. Employees didn't get the joke and the school administration canceled every field trip from then on.
/nOne hour ago I experienced this. I am currently sitting in the bathroom wallowing in shame. So at my job I am being considered for a promotion and need to act my very best and put on my smarty pants to wow everyone. A meeting is set up with my boss, my boss's boss, and a few other higher ups so I can give a presentation about my teams progress and ideas of future steps to take. There is a big platter of all sorts of fruit in the middle of the table. Nervous me thinks that I will look more relaxed and confident if I eat something (false) so I grab an orange slice. I peel off the skin and pop that bad boy in my mouth with such confidence I completely bypass my teeth and it slides right down my windpipe. At this point the meeting had already started and it was just moments before I stood up to present and literally all thoughts of everything leave my head as my adrenaline kicks in that I am choking on an orange and I am going to die in the middle of this room. I stand up (which knocks my rolling chair back which smacks into a water cooler and cracks the base), and instead of giving myself the Heimlich which I thought was engrained in my head, I reach my hand down the back of my throat to grab that son of a bitch. My brain focuses on getting it out only so I don't realize I have scratched the inside of my mouth in my quest and I am bleeding. After a couple seconds (what felt like a lifetime) I grab the orange, pull it out and fling it across the room... straight into the eye of my boss's boss... who then proceeds to freak out since the acidity of the citrus juice from the fruit is burning his eye. I squeak out "Sorry!" And squirt a glob of blood from my mouth onto the fruit platter....

Needless to say the meeting was cancelled shortly after that. I am sitting in the bathroom terrified to leave. 

TL;DR- important meeting for me, choke on orange, crack water cooler, throw orange from throat into bosses eye, burns his eye, spits blood on fruit platter. Awaiting my termination. Searching for new jobs soon...

Edit: Wow! Did not expect this to blow up like it did (thanks for the gold oh sweet stranger!) I'm glad many of you had a laugh at my miserable morning. Thanks for all the hilarious comments. I had initially gone to the bathroom to tend to my wounded mouth which was just a minor flesh wound on the inside of my cheek. I ended up smoothing things over by apologizing profusely and made a few bad jokes along the lines of "I had a bad case of the Mondays." The wounded eye boss man was very grumpy and I was a joke for my coworkers the rest of the day(foreseeing now the rest of my career there). I ended up doing the presentation a little after "the incident" and it went fairly well, all things considered, so hopefully when they are thinking later of promoting someone they think of the crazy blonde chick who threw up bloody orange on the boss. /nThis actually happened yesterday, but some of the mortification has died down enough that I find it slightly humorous. So my boyfriend, his twin brother, and a few of our other friends/couples are on vacation together. My boyfriend and I have been together since we were 20 years old (we’re now 26) and I have a great brother/sister relationship with his brother. We’re all close. After yesterday, maybe now too close. 

So anyway, we’re all having a great day at the beach when my boyfriend, his brother and a few other people decide they want to go back to the house to get ready to go get food for everyone. After a while, I also decide I want to go back and have a shower. 
Let me preface this by saying my boyfriend and his brother are the type of twins that look exactly alike, but once you look at their faces and hang around them for more than 5 minutes, you’ll always be able to tell them apart. It’s very easy to distinguish the two. Usually. So I walk in and no one else is there besides my boyfriend (or so I thought) passed out on the couch, his front facing into the back of the couch. So I think to myself “huh, maybe he was tired and didn’t want to go” while I go take my shower. After I’m done, I decide to take this opportunity of alone time and decide to have some fun and play with him to get him awake (and hopefully some sexy time). So I make my way to the couch and lay myself flat against his back, hugging my arms around him. I should probably also mention that both men can sleep through a hurricane, and it takes an army to wake them up. So here I am, cuddling up to his back (his face still facing the couch) and I start to massage his chest, kiss and bite his neck, do things that I know he likes.... while he slowly starts stirring around and then goes still. I started talking and asked if he wants to go to the bedroom while still kissing his neck when he turns completely around and looks me right in the face. And then bursts out laughing. It took me a second to catch up when I realize that IT’S IS ACTUALLY NOT MY BOYFRIEND’S NECK I’VE JUST MAULED. I jump up and start freaking out with apologizes, all while he’s laughing so hard he can’t even sit up. After my boyfriend gets back and we relay what happened, he also bursts out laughing. Actually, they’re still laughing about it now, as I type this. I’ll probably never live it down. 

TL;DR I should have thought to myself “is that ___ on the couch or is it ___?” Instead of assuming it was my boyfriend, and not his brother, before I decided to make my move, because I totally fucked up/nThis happened a couple of months ago. 

Kids were all on sleep overs. We finally had a weekend to ourselves. Having decided we would enjoy the peacefulness. A all out steak dinner was in the works. Cooking together making our own favourite sides. Asparagus for myself roasted potatoes for her and buttered mix veggies to share. 

Sometime during dinner conversation, we end up taking about urinating practices. She states men are gross and pee everywhere. My rebuttal is that it's not as easy as she thinks. 

Fast forward to the morning. I challenge her to try to get all the pee into the bowl, without any splatter. Challenge accepted. 

So there we are. Myself standing at the toilet, wife holding  my junk aiming. I can't let her win. 

I start slow, using some kegal action to control the flow. She's getting the hang of this, so I up the flow a little to throw her off her game. At this point the asparagus pee odor reaches her face and she doesn't want to do this anymore. 

This is where the fuck up starts. Up to this point she has been doing very well. I am losing and that can't happen. As Deadpool would say I chanted in my head "MAXIMUM EFFORT".  I squeeze my cheeks, close my eyes and kegal the crap out of my bladder. 

I can hear that the stream is no longer hitting water. Her first reaction is to turn off the flow manually. Squeezing and bending is her technique. I open my eyes in pain and try to step back. She counters by trying to get a better grip with her free hand. 

At this point things are happening in slow motion. Fear has set in, I try to dodge the income hand, but get tripped up by my boxers wrapped around my ankles. The hand is coming and I'm losing balance. I shifted just enough that she would miss, but take a direct hit to the coin purse. 

I'm falling back as she releases the death grip. Ending up in the tub with my legs in the air. The built up pressure is released, spraying myself in the face. 

TL;DR

Tried to win a childish argument. Ended up slightly concussed, Bangkoked and waterboarding myself with asparagus pee./nThis happened today - about four hours ago, in fact - so I'm still feeling the side-effects of my ill-advised bravado and hiding under my bedclothes regretting everything that has led me to my perpetual goal of trying to "spice up my life." I'll start from the beginning.  
  
Where I live, on the East Coast of Straya, you're spoilt for choice if your tastebuds tingle at the thought of meat pies, prawns for the barbie, or if you're just cray-cray for crayfish. And while I have all my life gone ga-ga for Gold Coast cuisine, about four years ago I had the fortune of discovering what is now my favourite dish in the world - Pho, a traditional Vietnamese soup. Because I first ate this in a hole-in-the-wall ghetto in Kreuzberg, I was well aware that I hadn't found my golden goose, and since then I have been on an eternal search for the perfect Pho. I haven't found it yet, but there's a winner of a Granny-and-Gramps home-run Vietnamese restaurant that does a 9/10 for just $14 (that'll hardly buy you a decent Maccas Down Under), and by lord if I haven't been there at least twice a month with old mate since I found it.  
  
I haven't always loved spicy food. And if you think you can see where this is going, no it's not your traditional "white-boi-eats-spicy-food-and-shits-fire" story. I didn't grow up with it, but I love to cook and experiment and recently I've gotten so comfortable (read: arrogant) in the kitchen that I consider(ed) myself a bit of a hothead for the red thunder. I'll go out and pick chillies off my neighbours plants (with permission of course) and I grow my own at home. Came across some Carolina Reapers in my supermarket a few months back, bought em, tried em, LOVED THEM. I'm not going to argue the science over whether it's endorphins or natural highs or anything like that, but eating those little bastards makes me feel amazing, and by golly do I chase that feeling.  
  
So the last few months, old mate, her boyfriend and I have gone to this restaurant many times and each time I politely request that the Pho makes me "cry at the table, sweat out of my clothes, and beg for forgiveness", or some variation thereof. Each time, old mate and I cry, moan, eat quickly and tip well, but looks like I crossed the line tonight when I asked for "the hottest Pho this kitchen has ever made." (I think this is the specific point of where "I fucked up"). When asked if I wanted fresh or dry (aka hotter) chillies on the side, I asked for both, as I normally do.
  
So the Pho is served in these huge bowls with the small plates of chilli, beansprouts, and other aromatics alongside, and boy does it smell good. But my chillies aren't served on the normal black mini-plate - they've come in a small bowl, and are coated with a thin dark sauce. I think nothing of it (how bad can it be? LOL) and dump them all right in there. Old mate tries some of the sauce on her finger after I point it out and I'm not sure if she needed an excuse for another Vodka Tonic, but she sure went and got one after that. Confident I could put her "I'm-Indian-and-you're-white-therefore-I-can-handle-spice-and-you-can't" argument in the ground for good, I dig in, and BY GOLLY it's hot. I ask the waitress what's up with the sauce, and she says the words I'll never forget;
  
   **"The chef made that up just for you. We don't serve it to the public."**   
  
Elated by the fact that I could now crown myself as the regular spice-king-hothead of this lovely little restaurant (and my chilli high was coming on) I smash down the whole bowl, with not a drop of water for the duration. I was sweating by the third mouthful, tears by the fourth, but I made it through (helped by the chilli numbing my mouth) and happily ordered the banana fritters with ice cream for dessert.   
  
But before they got there, the pain started. As the "high" wore off, and that familiar *HEAT* started moving down my chest, I became deeply uncomfortable. It was like watching the last episode of How I Met Your Mother - you know something's about to happen, and it's probably about to be pretty shit. I ordered two bottles of water and smashed them down, but unfortunately we were past the face/mouth stage and I had capsaicin about to nuke my stomach. I ducked out of the restaurant and bombed over to the gas station, where I managed to smash down two bottles of good ol' Breaka Choccy Milk before I'd even paid for them. Next visit: the Domino's toilet.  
  
So there I was, sitting on the Domino's toilet with what felt like Ragnaros and Deathwing having an flame-filled orgy in my chest. I couldn't shit; I didn't need to shit, so I knew the only option was to weather the pain. Stepped outside, lit a smoke (fight fire with fire, amirite?) but to no comfort. I was at the mercy of the Vietnamese overlords, and oh golly do I regret ever trifling with them. This was no indigestion; no "bad tummies for spaggies", but a combination of "you may have ulcerated your colon" topped off with a nice helping of "you've necked so much Breaka you feel physically ill." 
  
About thirty seconds after that I offered my finest artistic work to date - a spraypaint of the back pavement of Zaraffas (think Starbucks) with "Dinner; a rendition by DrinkingSpaghetti (2017)" and now four hours on, the immense discomfort has finally begun to subside. I have taken off my imaginary fucking medal that I awarded myself for finishing "the hottest Pho ever served at Grammy and Gramps" and thrown it in the imaginary fucking dumpster. I will of course, return next week, and allow the staff to mock me and offer the chef my praises. Going to the doctor's tomorrow to make sure that I haven't permanently damaged my body.   

**EDIT**: Cheers for all your concern boys and girls, I've been fine all day! Due to popular demand, the restaurant is called Can Tho Kitchen and is in Runaway Bay on the Gold Coast, NEAR Harbour Town. Mods didn't delete my comment where I detailed this so I assume it's okay. Bookings are a must, they do 2 seatings a night and the Pho really is the best thing on the menu. It's really affordable as well. 10/10 my fave restaurant around here. Maybe I'll see some of you there next weekend! 
  
**TL;DR** white boi may have ulcerated stomach due to a lack of respect for a plant that is used in concentrated doses in surgeries to permanently deaden nerves . 
  
  

/nThis is obviously nsfw.

And it didn't happen today, I was waiting until the weekend to post. 

So I don't mind the taste of cum, but its not exactly my favorite flavor either. I'm not entirely sure where I got he idea from, but years ago I know I had heard or read somewhere that if you deep throat when they are about to cum that it goes straight down your throat and you don't taste it. The other day while sucking my boyfriend's dick, I figured I'd try it.

But instead of going straight down my throat, somehow it ending up coming out of my nose. I had my boyfriend tied up and blindfolded, so he didn't see what was going on, and I (being the idiot I am) plugged my nose instead of letting it drip out of my nose. It stung so bad and my nose ran for hours. All day I felt like I had jizz dripping out of my nostrils. /nThis happened at work a few hours ago and I cannot get it off my mind. 

I walked into the break room to grab some coffee. There was a platter with small rolls with chicken and cheese in them. So I asked my co worker in there (she’s probably in her 50s-60s) if they were for everyone. She told me they were and she brought them from her husbands memorial service. 

It for some reason didn’t click in my head. I thought “Oh cool they had a party for Memorial Day and had left over food so she brought some in. that’s sweet of them.” So I said the dumbest thing I’ve said in a long time. I looked her straight in the face and asked “Was it fun? Did you have a good time?” While I’m munching on the food she brought. 

She just starred at me and asked “Was it fun?” It still hasn’t clicked in my head so I said “Yeah, Was it fun?” She didn’t say anything for a second, set down her plate and said “No, the memorial service for my dead husband was not fun.” 

I stopped chewing and just looked off into the wall realizing how fucking stupid I was. This whole time I thought she meant a Memorial day party and she definitely meant a service for her deceased husband. I have never wanted to die more in my life. I apologized over and over and told her it was very rude of me and was an honest mistake. She half smiled and walked out. 

I didn’t finish eating. Or get my coffee. This will be the longest shift of my life. 




TLDR Confused Memorial Day with a memorial service. Asked my co worker if the service for her dead husband was fun. /nWorked in a deli. Guy I've never served before comes in and orders a "small coffee with lotsa milk and 17 sugars". Can't exactly remember if I scoffed or laughed but the net result was I didn't believe him and asked him what he really wanted.

Stone serious the guy reiterated: "small coffee, lotsa milk, 17 sugars".

While making it I asked my co-worker/buddy what he would do he said "tell him to Google 'diabetes'" so he was no help. It always stuck with me because I drink my coffee black and bc he was completely nonchalant about a completely atypical order.

Fast forward to today I'm a customer in a bagel place a few towns over. I place my order with a 24oz iced coffee, black. The deli guy goes "man I don't know how you drink black coffee".

Just preceding the self-discovery that I'm a shmuck I asked "wanna hear a crazy story?" and launch into it. Just as I finish the story he looks over his shoulder at me. The instant I caught his bizarre look and he caught my deer-in-the-headlights look we both knew what happened. I paid and left without another word.

TL;DR I made fun of a customer from 2015 to a random guy in 2019 then realized after the fact that it was the same person./nThis actually happened today.  I'm writing this while currently in the doghouse.  So my wife and I are just finishing a nice shared bath.  We are almost ready to get out when she notices that her crazy bipolar dog is sitting by the tub shaking instead of her usual spot under the bed in fear of her getting her own bath.  My wife being slightly paranoid instantly thinks something or someone must be in the bedroom that is making the dog scared.  She ignores my logic that the dog is bipolar and if there were anyone or anything in the bedroom she would be going nuts barking.  Not to mention my husky is in the living room and would not let anyone in without doing something.  

Well.  We get out of the tub and start to dry off all the while my wife is eyeing the bathroom door into the bedroom which is wide open.  She finishes drying off and as women do she wraps the towel around her.  Now she needs to check out the bedroom.  She literally gets down near the door and starts crawling towards the door.

Here is where my fuck up happens.  She is crawling in nothing but a towel about to peak around the doorframe to the rest of the bedroom.  Of course what do I do standing there seeing her butt facing me holding a towel?  Yep.  I think a quick little pop to the butt will scare her good.  Without a second thought I let a light little flick of the towel fly.  Oh but I forget.  It's not how hard you flick the towel it's how you flick the towel.  It was almost perfect...except my aim was off.   Yes in my stupidity did i not only manage to pull off a perfect snap of the towel but i managed to perfectly center my aim right where no one ever wants to be hit.  It was literally looked like it was in slowmotion as I watched in horror the towel popping right in my wifes crack.  I knew the look well she gave when she turned and rolled to her back.  I get her up and breathing normal again and then I see the other look.  I know I deserve this look.  

She has recovered now and is sleeping soundly.  There was no after bath fun.  There will likely be no fun of any kind for as long as she is mad.  I have no idea how much laundry or dishes I will need to do.  Nor do I know how many flowers or dinners it will take.

TL;DR. tried to pop my wife in the butt to scare her.  Accidently hit her in her privates instead.  Her dog started everything rolling but now I'm the one in the doghouse./nSo this happend about a year ago but I felt like it would fit well here. 

My very good friend that I attened elementary school and high school that we'll name "Levi" was home for the weekend and I hadn't seen him in about 8 months since he had been deployed to Iraq for his second time since joing the US army in 2011. 

Levi and I have always been close and for second we even considered being a couple (I am a female) but it just never worked out. But I wrote him letters all through his basic training and when he got deployed all through his first 6 months of that as well. 

He is an field artillary man and from our letters back and forth I could tell that he was seeing some things over there but he never went too much into detail besides saying how bored he was and how nice the villagers were near his camp. 

So anyways he gets back home and of course we all (other friends of ours) decide to go out and celebrate! 

Levi and I have always been pretty heavy drinkers around each other. We always encourage each other to get way way way too intoxicated but for the most part it's all been fun and games.
So same thing tonight. We're challanging each other to chug beer after beer, and to attempt the line of shots call the "Three Wisemen"...... Needless to say I puked all over the bar floor and we were asked kindly to leave the establishment. 


So our group of friends are trying to walk to the bus stop and catch a ride home. I am walking with our good friend Kendra borrowing a cigarette as Levi is stumbling a few feet ahead of us. Basically all I remember next is thinking to my drunken self how happy I am to see Levi again and how much I missed him. I remember getting this bright idea to jump on Levi's back and try to get a piggy-back ride from him, something we used to do often in the hallways of high school. I remember taking off, cigarette still in my hand, and flying at Levi from behind. 

The next morning I woke up in the hospital, I couldn't see out of my left eye and my head was in so much pain I can't even describe. Kendra and my dad were sleeping in the chairs right next to the bed and when I woke up they woke up too. They starting freaking out and a whole bunch of nurses came in and asked me a whole bunch of questions and then my mom showed up and finally I had to shout to every one to shut the fuck up and tell me what happened. 

Kendra's eyes got super wide as she told me, "You ran up behind Levi and looked like you were trying to jump on him," to which I interupted and said, "Yeah! I was trying to get him to give me piggy back ride!" 

She shook her head and continued with, "Dude. He threw you to the ground. He punched you a whole bunch of times in the face and was screaming. It took Hank, Joey, and Oliver to get him off of you. They had to hold him down and call the cops. It was really really bad. You were bleeding every where." 

Turns out that in my druken state I decided that jumping on a very drunk Army field officer who has seen two tours of war in Iraq was a super good idea and got my mother fucking ass beat. 

My eye socket was broken but other then that all the other injuries were minor scraps, bruises, and such. The police wanted me to press charges and had held Levi over night but I refused as did my parents. We even issued a statement saying that what had happened was my fault and 100% preventable if I hadn't been so stupid. My dad and my grandfather are both ex-military and seriously.... I should have known. 

Levi wouldn't come near me after being released and caught the next flight back to his base 5 states away. He was almost dishonorably discharged except that my dad and my grandfather both called his boss and explained that we were not mad at all or going to press charges that we just wanted to make sure he got to counseling to help some of his PTSD. My dad also learned that Levi's team had lost 6 members his first tour of Iraq in a shoot out (something he has never told any of us back home) which just makes me hurt for him knowing that he's seen his own friends killed.

Levi still has refused to talk to me since that night minus a "Get Well" card I recieved with a note saying that "I will never forgive myself for what I have done. Please find it in your heart to forgive me". I have tried faccebook, letters, texts, calls, anything to get him to talk to me. So here's my last shot. 

Levi, I know if you read this story you'll know who you are. You're the one who introduced me to reddit so I am hoping you can see this right now. It was me who fucked up, not you. I know better then to come up from behind on someone who has seen what you have seen. I am so sorry. My eye socket healed perfect but I wish we could be friends again. So just know that TIFU... not you. /nSo this wasn’t today but a couple of years ago. I would take the bus to work. My house was close to the bus station so I would be one of the first people on the bus and I would always sit near the front. The ride was somewhat long so we picked up quite a few people along the way. There was 2 stops that a lot of people would get on/off. 

Anyways on this particular day I was sitting down on one of the bench style seats next to the pole. So obviously it was a bit tight for me. A black woman came on the bus and she had a big bag. She set it down next to her and then tried to squeeze in between the back and me. Needless to say it was hard for her to get in. And I literally couldn’t scoot over more because of the pole. So then I looked at at her and said “excuse me, I think you’ll be more comfortable in the back” I said this because the back had a lot of space. She looked at me and said “excuse me?!” She refused to give up trying to squeeze in, so I just stood up. This lady seemed very angry and I didn’t want to escalate things. For the rest of the ride she would stare at me very angrily. 

Later that day I told my buddy about this and he laughs and says “well yeah you pissed her off, you told her she belongs on the back of the bus you tried to Rosa Parks her”.... that had never even occurred to me until he told me that. 

TLDR: I told a black lady she would feel more comfortable on the back of the bus./n**The plan:** Tell a Starbucks barista that my name is Spartacus.  When my drink order arrives and the barista says "Coffee for Spartacus?", claim boldy that "I'm Spartacus!", then watch and laugh when everyone else joins with cries of "I'm Spartacus!".  We all have a good laugh for a couple of minutes and I'm hailed as a comic genius.

**The reality:** I told a Starbucks barista that my name was Spartacus.  When my drink order arrived the barista said "Coffee for Spartacus?".  I claimed boldy that I was Spartacus.  No-one else joined in with cries of "I'm Spartacus!".  I meekly grabbed my drink and trudged the long, long walk upstairs.  My mother, to whom I had explained the whole plan and who thought the idea was below average, went and sat at a different table.

TL;DR? I am an unfunny man.

**UPDATE** Um, thanks for all the replies.  Having collated them all in great detail in a spreadsheet, it seems that 23% of respondents would have joined in with my crap attempt at a joke, 35% of respondents want my mother's contact details because she's awesome, and 41% of people think I'm autistic and need immediate medical help.  

Have a great day everyone, and thanks to the stranger for the gold./nThis didn't actually happen today, it happened about a year and a half ago. My grandmother had died in January, and I had to fly back to university before the funeral. Since I wasn't able to attend the actual funeral, my family decided to hold a memorial later, when I would be home from university for the summer.

Flash forward to March. I was with my mother and we were looking at memes. She dared me to send [this picture](https://www.pinterest.ca/pin/324188873149749394/?lp=true) to my father. I can't pass up a dare, so I did. I was completely unaware, however, that he had just sent me a message asking when I would be home from university so we could set a date for my grandmother's memorial.

So I had responded to my father asking when we could schedule his mother's memorial with a picture of Kermit displaying his puppet hole. He didn’t talk to me for a while after that. Sadly, that meant not seeing my then- 4 month old baby sister for a while, who’s a really important part of my life. 


tl;dr: I sent a picture of kermit displaying his puppet hole to my dad after he asked when we can schedule his mother's memorial.

Edit: Typo/nThis happened last weekend, my parents were out of town and I was reading [this AskReddit thread when I got to this comment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/5i5csd/what_is_your_i_know_it_sounds_weird_but_just_try/db5p4bk/) I realized I had one of these in my house but haven't used it for years. So I went upstairs, [got out the 1990's version of this contraption](https://www.walmart.com/ip/Teeter-EP-560-Inversion-Table-with-Back-Pain-Relief-DVD/23222244?wmlspartner=wlpa&selectedSellerId=3760&adid=22222222227017193045&wl0=&wl1=g&wl2=c&wl3=52308893535&wl4=pla-79410631695&wl5=9021618&wl6=&wl7=&wl8=&wl9=pla&wl10=113499840&wl11=online&wl12=23222244&wl13=&veh=sem), strapped myself in, and started to recline. The thing flipped me over pretty fast and locked in place, completely vertical. At first it felt really good, my lower back cracked in places it hadn't before, but since I was completely upside down, blood started to rush to my head quickly and soon it was time to flip back up. This is when I realized that I didn't know how to come back up, I was seriously locked in place upside down, hanging by my ankles. I struggled for a few minutes trying different ways to escape this contraption, but I couldn't do it. Then I started to panic, I'm thinking to myself how my embarrassing its gonna be when I die this way. Eventually after hanging upside down for a way too long, I decide enough is enough. I sat up, so I could reach my feet and yanked on the little spring loaded knob that was holding my feet in place. It popped open and I fell onto the hardwood floor, with all my weight, on my neck. Now my neck is fucked up, but at least I didn't die taking advice from Reddit.

TLDR: I tried to stretch out my back and ended up destroying my neck./nSo I woke up at 10:20pm after celebrating a friends birthday all night till morning. I was hungry, tired, hungover and maybe a little horny. I thought pizza was the perfect answer to fill all my needs, who am I kidding, I knew it was the answer. Plus in the back of my mind as a single guy, I knew all I had was cans of coke zero and ketchup in my fridge. 


Time was ticking and I needed to order from Domino's and I needed to do it FAST otherwise I would starve with nothing to eat until morning because most delivery places close at 11:00pm in Australia. I quickly grabbed my laptop while still in bed and placed an order for a family combo with much anticipation and the deed was done. I knew I could reheat and eat the leftovers for the next day. But inside I felt guilty and disgusted with myself because one of my new years resolution was to lose 5kg.


Soon after I placed that order, I blacked out and accidentally fell back to sleep and woke up again at 10:50pm. When I saw the time I panicked because it was 10 minutes from closing time and quickly decided to place an order for ANOTHER family combo except with Pizza Hut this time. I somehow completely forgot I had ordered pizza from Dominos 30 minutes ago...


The delivery from Domino's arrived and while I was in the middle of eating, I thought to myself "wow the delivery was crazy fast... but didnt I order from Pizza Hut?? wtf??". I was so confused and that's when I slowly realised my fuck up. 15 minutes later the delivery for Pizza Hut arrived.

&nbsp;

Now I'm standing in front of my kitchen counter FULL of pizza wearing nothing but my briefs on because its hot as balls in Australia. :(

&nbsp;

**TLDR:** Woke up, ordered pizza, fell asleep, woke up, ordered pizza again...

[Obligatory proof shot of the pizzas lol \(there was also another pizza, 3 bottles of drinks and a garlic bread that I forgot to include in the photo...\)](https://imgur.com/gallery/OFBhbzb)

/nTIFU, To begin my harrowing tale you must know I spend anywhere from 3 to 5 days a week in a pickup running around several western states doing my job as a heavy construction company consultant. These days are usually a minimum of 6 hours on the road, but usually are more like 8-10.

When you’re spending these kind of hours on the road with tight deadlines and appointments that have to be met, you find shortcuts and time savers. One of mine is mastering the art of pissing in a jug.

On top of this I chew tobacco religiously, usually one or two tins of the stuff a day. That being said when you have a full bottle of spit, it’s much nicer to pour it in the piss jug than it is to pour it out the window and end up with redneck racing stripes down the side.

Usually these jugs get tossed after a day, 2 tops but sometimes stuff just slips through the cracks. This was one of those times.

Today I used my extra personal vehicle for work, company truck was in the shop and no way I’m taking a nice rig on some of the roads my line of work takes me. It has been around 8 months since I used this vehicle last, and in a perfectly sized little cubby behind the passenger seat there is a shelf just right to hold a gallon jug.

Fast forward to tonight, and I’m just driving back from a really shitty day. Windows down, Foghat blaring, I reach behind the seat to grab my gallon of sweet tea, spin the lid off, and take a gulp.

I literally almost died.

The putridity of this concoction could not be replicated in a CIA biological weapons lab. It was exactly how you’d expect 8 month old urine and dip spit left in a hot truck cab would smell and taste, but worse. Oh so much worse. A chunk from a strange gelatinous skin that had formed on the surface bounced in my mouth and into my throat. The projectile vomit that ensued immediately caused me to fully stomp the breaks taking a 1 ton truck from 65 to a dead stop in what has to be record time. I smashed the grill and took out 2 linear posts jerking onto the road shoulder.

That wasn’t nearly the worst damage.

My sudden vomit and violent breaking caused the jug to go flying into the dashboard, smashing and spraying a geyser of this unspeakably evil fluid all over me and the interior of the truck.

It was physically undriveable. Years on a farm gave me a strong stomach, but this was impossible. Period. The smell from my clothes made me retch uncontrollably, and it took a solid 20 minutes of stripping and puking by the roadside until I was able to control it long enough to get a pair of overalls from my trailer, even still my skin that had been exposed to the biohazard had an oily stench that remained.

I unhooked the trailer, called our wrecker, and had them tow it to the shop. The wrecker driver drove us back without a word, though albeit a green face and the windows fully rolled down in 45 degrees drizzly weather.

I sprayed out the interior of the truck with a pressure washer, but I fear even that isn’t enough to remove the permanent, permeating soiling the truck received. I’m 4 showers in and there is still remaining smell on my body. I’m beginning to believe this is a job more suited for a priest than hot water. As for the clothes I was wearing? They’re getting about 3 gallons of diesel and a match tomorrow morning. There is nothing salvageable there. Nothing.

TL;DR drank ancient piss and tobacco spit, almost died and witnessed firsthand the worst smell ever to grace the face of this earth./n__Someone told me to post this here. I've only told close friends this story; but ill tell it for the karma.
Note: this was nearly 15 years ago, any advice on masturbating now just doesn't help; thanks though!__


When I was coming into puberty. I was jacking off a lot, but my house had a "no locked doors" policy and my family would walk in a lot for no reason. I came up with the idea of turning on the shower in the bathroom attached to my room; then would jack off in my bed. Family thought I was showering and would let me lock my door. There was a second room attached to my bathroom, which meant two doors in the bathroom(will be important later.)

Well one night, I start my routine. Turn the shower on; grabbed a handful of conditioner, return to bed to beat the meat. Well about 10 minutes into this particular sesh, I hear my father stomping up the stairs shouting my name. My heart starts racing.

 "How the fuck does he know im jacking off?!?" I think.

"I can't get in trouble for anything right now, he will think I can't hear him in the shower."

I lay perfectly still like a T-rex is approaching. He begins banging on my door, shouting my name. I hear him run around back toward the guest room to try the other door to the bathroom. "What the fuck is his problem?!" I think. Not sure if the other door is locked. I jump out of bed so I can hop in the shower and get wet so he thinks I was actually showering. I open the door to the bathroom- and a small wall of water released into my bedroom. The entire bathroom had flooded. Some how a rag had fallen onto the shower drain, and flooded the whole bathroom. I opened the door to the guest room, buck ass naked with a huge boner on. (I have no idea why it didn't go down..) it was raining downstairs, dad was the angriest I had ever seen him.

I ended up having to spend the entire night mopping the water up with towels and throwing them in the drier. my dad had to replace a lot of the second floor. And my family ripped on me about that story for years after.

Tl;dr I ran the shower to hide my jacking off and accidentally flooded the second floor bathroom of my parents house./nI've been seeing lots of storys here of people masturbating with household items, so here's my contribution.
Using a throwaway... obviously.

I was 15 at the time, being a horny teenager I was constantly looking to *relieve* myself.

I was home alone one day and I see the vacuum in the cupboard without it's head, I had a brilliant idea to *ahem* replace the head with my own. Seemed like a good idea...
I finish masturbating with it, no issues, not for now anyway, those come later.

I use it a few more times over the following week, it felt pretty good... until the last time.

One afternoon me and my mother were home alone, I see the not-so innocent vacuum sitting pretty in a bedroom. 
I started out as I had been for the past week: took my pants off, and went to town...

What I hadn't noticed is that the power button on the vacuum was pushed, and the cord was running out of the room into another room, it wasn't running because it wasn't plugged into an outlet.

Mid-way through masturbating, my mother plugged the cable end (as I said: sitting in another room) of the vacuum into an outlet... she was just about to start vacuuming...
Of course she wouldn't have known that her son's penis was in the end of it.

You'd think that a vacuum giving you head would feel good, but I was not expecting that.
I proceed to try to pull my penis out, but I bent it midway through taking it out.
I screamed.
You should have seen my mother's face as she was looking down at her son who was screaming on the floor with his dick out.

Of course she had a lot of confusion, but seeing me screaming on the floor holding my dick prompted her to help me up and get to the hospital. 
She didn't ask anything on the way there, it was the most uncomfortable ride ever, I was embarrassed and in severe pain.

We get to the ER and they pretty much led me straight to the doctor without any wait.

After a few tests and asking me what happened (with my mother in the same room), they said I had a penile fracture.
*Well shit.*
The operation lasted about an hour or so, after the operation my mother and father (who had just gotten there) didn't say anything.

It's been 9 years since and my relationship with my parents has never really been the same. I still have problems down there, too.

TL;DR
Used the vacuum hose to masturbate, my mother turned the vacuum on, I bend my penis while trying to take it out, ended up getting a penile fracture while ruining my relationship with my parents./nMy friend is currently in another state right now with his girlfriend for their anniversary. We both visited this city last year and had a blast so he decided to take her for a nice trip. When we were down there we went to an amazing Tapas restaurant with fantastic food and wine. Yesterday he tells me they made a reservation for today and she's really excited to go!  
  
So I'm hanging out at home about an hour ago and he sends our group chat a picture of the sign at the restaurant with him saying "suck it nerds." So now that they're at the restaurant I got inspiration from [this scene](https://youtu.be/_tAYhl4wLB4?t=33) in Always Sunny and called the restaurant. I talked to the hostess and she was totally fine with me sending a bottle of wine to their table over the phone. I tell her which wine, give her my information, and then describe him to her. "He's a tall, thin ginger man with a massive beard, glasses, and his name is Greg (name changed for reddit)." She puts me on hold, walks around the restaurant, comes back and tells me she found him and his girlfriend. Perfect! I tell her to go ahead, tell him its from me, and to charge my card and leave the waitress a nice tip for doing a silly thing.  
  
An hour goes by and I hear nothing in the group chat. I finally message him and ask how the Tapas is. He says "Oh we're not there yet, we're at the brewery getting drinks first. The reservation is later."  
  
[MFW](https://i.imgur.com/KZRH8a8.gifv)  
  
I tell him what I just did and everyone in the group chat loses their minds. Apparently there was someone who fit that exact description in the restaurant and I just sent him and his girlfriend a bottle of wine from some random guy they don't know. This is honestly 100% more hilarious than if it actually went to them.   
  
TLDR: Sending your friends wine states away is a gamble, but the outcome is better than planned./nThis actually happened a few years ago, well a little more because I was around 8-10 at the time. I went for a movie, and it was one of those action gun shooting movies that you see all the time (I forgot the name of it). There was a part where they captured the main character and they tied him to a chair. Then, they put a towel over his face and poured a bucket of water on him. I thought to myself “It’s so hot in that room it’s probably not even that bad”. After the movie, I went home and after a while I got bored. Then I remembered the scene from that movie and decided to try it out myself. I went and got a towel, and then laid down on the counter, putting my head under the sink faucet. I put the towel over my face and turned the water on. You can only imagine what happened next. I suddenly realized what was happening in the movie. As soon as I turned the faucet on, I couldn’t breathe. This scared he living shit out of me, and I tried to scream, which made it like 10x worse. I started thinking to myself that I was gonna die. With my amazing problem solving skills I tried to remove my head from under the faucet and hit my head on it really hard. I somehow managed to get the towel off of my head and I was freaking out whilst turning the water off. I just sat on the ground and cried my ass off for like an hour. And that’s how I learned what waterboarding was. Also after about an hour I had a half circle kind of bruise on the top of my forehead from hitting the faucet.

TL;DR Saw a waterboarding scene in an action movie and decided to try it myself, ended with me crying with a bruise on my forehead.


EDIT: My now most upvoted post is about me being a dumbass! Thanks guys! 

/s/nLike most TIFU the major fuck up happened about 2 years ago, but the build up started 6 months before that.

 Let me start by giving you some back story. I went to private school from 4th grade until this happened my Junior year of high school. Before I was homeschooled. Perfect innocent sheltered child… right? Wrong… Major social reject on all levels. Did not make any actual friends until my freshman year of high school and because of being in private school I went to the same high school as the people I went to middle school with. So all the ass hats from middle school followed me and my social position had no hope of changing. Because of this I made friends with the other “rejects”. You know… the stoners, emos, rebels, budding anarchists, and so on. I adopted every one of these stereo types. Since there were only 300 people in my school, everyone knew me and my five friends. We wore hoodies every day over our uniforms to rebel against our strict dress code, even when it was 100 degrees outside. We were those kids that parents tell their kids to stay away from. And it only made it worse that my older brother was the star quarterback and was the most popular senior in school.


Now onto the real story.


After my brother graduated I (sophomore) was expected to fill his role on the football team (I can’t play worth shit). Luckily one of my people was already on the team so I decided to join (small enough school where there weren’t tryouts). Surprisingly I actually showed up to practice and gave my hardest, but I sucked so much that it probably looked like I half assed everything. Played about 4 minutes of game time that season… on JV… whatever it was something to do. During summer off season my junior year one of the senior stars told my friend that he looked like one of the Columbine shooters… Being those kids we thought it was funny shit. So we let the rumor/joke continue. 


We never thought it would stick around because new rumors were started about us every day. But this rumor was very different. It stuck around… and grew… by the end of the season the rumor had grown extremely complex and overly detailed… but so far it had stayed in the locker room. (I didn’t care). 


I came to school the Monday before Thanksgiving break to find that my friend was not there… interesting… it was rare that we could get away with skipping school. Oh well. By the second period I had an uneasy feeling. About halfway through 2nd the dean of discipline (also head football coach) called me out of class and started walking with me to his office, he didn’t say a word. Odd but ok. 


He took me past his office and into the principle’s office (even though I was a little shit I had never been here). In here both of my parents (who should have been at work) were sitting with extremely worried expressions. The dean left and so it was just me in the room with my parents. As soon as the door shut my mom asked me what the hell was going on. I ran through my mind all the possible things that I could have been busted for that both of my parents were summoned. I said I didn’t know but kept thinking about what it could be... (pot? That kid that tried to stab me the week before?) 


After about 5 minutes of awkward and terrifying silence two detectives entered the room and asked if they could record the interview. My mind was racing and I started getting really scared. They said that one of my classmates was arrested that morning because of a school shooting tip off… (oh shit… this is not good) they told me that the informant said I was going to supply him with the guns to do it. I denied and told the officers that my family didn’t have guns and that I was only 17 so I couldn’t have bought any… My parents backed me up. The detectives asked the same question over and over again… and apparently one time I worded my answer in a way they took as me admitting guilt. 


The school expelled me and my parents contacted a lawyer and were advised to take me out of state in case a warrant was placed for my arrest. (lawyer would be alerted first and we could discuss possibilities before cops came and arrested me). We took our thanksgiving break early and visited family. 


At the end of everything my friend was 16 so they did not need a warrant to arrest him. He spent two weeks in juvenile detention center and another 6 months under house arrest before the case was wiped off his record. He had to redo his junior year and is still pretty shaken up by it. I was 17 so they needed a warrant for my arrest but they didn’t have enough evidence to get a judge to sign one. I got expelled from school and had to transfer to the public school. My parents were not mad at me at all but furious with the school. Both my friend and I are still close friends and we were both drastically changed for the better.


TL;DR. Rumor about my friend shooting up our high school and me supplying him with weapons. Cops got involved, and he was arrested and served 6 months house arrest. 


EDIT: This guy sent me a message with a link to an animated video of this story I thought it was great so I am adding it to this! [Video Story!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BCteT-RqXz8) 
/nThe following events actually happened today.

For the last year or so, I have been diligently growing this little bump on my back. Call it a wart, a cyst, whatever. Right between my shoulder blades, just a little left of my spine, and *riiiiiight* on the threshold of the 'can't-reach-it-without-a-friend' zone.

It's nothing to worry about, I swear. Just last night, after a shower, my girlfriend was giving me the ole "You should really see a doctor yadda yadda I want you to be healthy yadda yadda" spiel. I just told her, in my best Schwarzenegger, "It's not a tumor." And it most certainly is not. It's just this weird little bump under my skin, no bigger than a marble, or a walnut if you're using the metric system. It doesn't hurt or anything. I've actually grown quite fond of it. Until today...

I was at work, awaiting my coworker to relieve me from my shift around 5 o clock. He shows up, I'm shooting the shit with him, and casually scratching my own back. Try to imagine this as appearing "casual."

Right as my coworker is telling me about his weekend plans I feel my BackBuddy^TM gurgle beneath my fingers and change in shape. I remove my hand from my work shirt and see what appears to be a small amount of mashed potatoes smeared across my fingertips. Curiosity and mild confusion mingle upon my face until the stench hits.

Suddenly my coworker's weekend plans to visit his long-lost blahblahblah didn't seem so intriguing once I experienced the smell of death itself.

Perhaps you have never smelled the distinct odor of pus. I imagine war veterans are familiar with the harrowing scent. I, for one, have never smelled something so vile or corrosive. God, I can get a whiff of it right now as I type. It smells worse than your high school bully's diarrhea. It is the smell of hatred and doom. That smell is *pure evil*.

Immediately, I bolt for the bathroom. Alarm bells going in my head and I'm thinking, "IT'S HAPPENING!" I reach the public bathroom door, lock it shut (thank god for singular restrooms) and stand in front of the mirror before I pull my shirt off over my head. My back, fortunately, does not resemble a crime scene like I'd expected. I decide to be a gross human being and squeeze my back knob to see what happens. It changes in shape, feels like some air bubbles are being released(?), and I wipe my back clean with some paper towels. By now the bathroom smells like...not my problem -- it's the end of my shift!

I pull my shirt on, leave the bathroom, clock out, and head home. Driving home was peaceful enough, with the windows down of course. I was careful not to deface the delicate upholstery of my vehicle with my bodily excretions.

Upon arriving home, I disrobe immediately inside the front door. Shirt off, pants down. Leave the socks. Walk to the bathroom. Look in the mirror. Game face. I squeeze that itty-bitty protuberance with as much might as I can muster at this angle behind my back.

*Pus confetti.*

Ribbons of pus. Stream all over my bathroom. The wall. The mirror. The fucking ceiling. My eyes are watering. My jaw is clenched. *Everything* is clenched. The bump is literally making tiny squeaking sounds as I squeeze it mightily. It may have been screams. I'm not kidding. I'm salivating like a hungry animal who digs the pain for some reason. The smell is offending my ancestors. And at this point I'm fairly certain my girlfriend is going to leave me once she sees/ smells this biological catastrophe.

I jump into the hottest shower I have ever taken. I need to grieve. My relationship is dead, for certain. My BackBuddy^TM is vanquished. I don't really know what to do.

Upon exiting the shower, I see I have a text waiting from me on my phone. It's from my boss.

"This is embarrassing, but plz explain to me what happened in the company restroom before u left today. Customers have complained about the smell."

With this picture attached: http://imgur.com/a/gwJsA

**TL;DR Accidentally ruptured a cyst on my back. Made pus spaghetti all over my workplace bathroom walls and got called out. Forever haunted by the mere stench.**

EDIT: Still waiting for the girlfriend to come home. The smell lingers like a ghost and seems to follow me around the house, no matter how many candles I've lit. Maybe it's in my nose forever. Dear god.

EDIT2: I still don't know what to tell my boss. Do I deny it was me? Do I explain myself? God he must be imagining the absolute worst. Am I going to lose my job holy shit

EDIT3: Still have my job, hallelujah. I feigned ignorance to my boss and then snuck a bottle of industrial bleach and a box of gloves into the restroom first thing the next morning. Badda bing badda boom. What bodily fluids? TO CLARIFY: I was not initially aware I had left a mess in a public place. I would never intentionally expose innocent people to my bodily sin, don't be ridiculous. My fuck-up resides in these simple factors: (1) it was the end of my shift and I was rushing to leave, (2) I was probably in a state of mild shock tbh, and (3) I never would have thought to check for back shrapnel on *the opposite wall of the restroom*. In fact, I wasn't even aware I was capable of that feat until I destroyed our nice bathroom at home. 

Speaking of which, my girlfriend still loves me. She's thoroughly disturbed by the way I anonymously read my own post to her, as if this shit *didn't* go down right in her nice clean bathroom. But she quickly caught on and had a good laugh. Turns out she still has that gag reflex after all. 

EDIT4: Apparently some of you are concerned about the timeline of this event. /r/TIFU has rules about submitting posts involving bodily emissions during the week. So I resubmitted over the weekend. Simple copy-paste jobbie. My bad. 

EDIT5: AND ANOTHER THING. I'm aware this was a gross story. Yes, OP is disgusting. Thank you. But if I can't make some of you internet fuckers lose your appetites then what can I do?? You're welcome. /n*Throwaway account because I'm in the girlfriend's bad books as it is.*

&nbsp;

So, this shit happened yesterday afternoon. I was high as fuck and hard as a rock. I wasted no time "getting into character", picking up the phone and calling the girlfriend. This was how it went down:

&nbsp;

Girlfriend: *Yello...* 

Me: *tsk, tsk, tsk.* 

Girlfriend: *Chad?* 

Me: *It's "sir" to you.* 

Girlfriend: *What?*

Me: *I read your paper and it sucked. You're gonna have to come and see me in private, you know, so we can discuss the big fat D I intend to give thee.*

Girlfriend: *Um... wow (giggles). Can we talk later?* 

Me: *You wanna turn that D into an F? I have loads of Fs to give. I'm gonna cover my ink all over your paper. If you listen carefully, I'm already preparing the pen...*

&nbsp;

Oof. More than enough cringe, right? Wrong. You see, that was the moment I proceeded to fucking fap into the phone. Complete with man-moaning.

&nbsp;

Girlfriend: *Chad! Jeeezus! You're on loudspeaker. Like, everyone in the car can hear you.* 

&nbsp;

I froze mid-wank. 

&nbsp;

Me:

Girlfriend: *Well done on traumatizing my sisters.*

Disgusted Sister: *Fucking gross, Chad.* 

Christian Sister: *Virgins. Suuure.* 

Hoe-ish Sister: *How big is this pen, Chad? I mean, "sir".*

&nbsp;

*Crickets* 

&nbsp;

Me: *I should probably hang up...*

&nbsp;

I'm not sure how this happened. But somehow all the sisters began bickering over whose boyfriend fucked up the most or some shit. The "crazy ass bitch" came out in all of them. It got ugly. 

&nbsp;

I hung up and fucking face-palmed. Even now, as I'm posting this, I'm *still* face-palming. 

&nbsp;

**TL;DR Called the girlfriend, masturbated over the phone, and then came to realize she wasn't alone**

&nbsp;

*Edit: Thank you /u/Im_Riots for the Gold!*

&nbsp;

*Edit: You're too kind /u/Shibereddit for the Silver!*

&nbsp;

*Edit: Creating this account I knew the sisters' "one liners" would raise some eyebrows. But to add more context, their responses were a lot less sharp and controlled than it reads. The three of them were cracking jokes, talking over each other, and even egging me on to repeat some of the shit I said so they could record me. I wrote none of that in because the one liners summed up each of them pretty damn well, with their own words. But alas, I'm just text  on a screen. Believe me or don't. Just don't compare me to the obligatory 14 year old teen writer that never ever seems to age here on Reddit. S'up with that?*/nThis happened two Christmas's ago and I want to remind everyone to make sure to open your gifts fully. 

So I have done Reddit's Secret Santa exchange the past few years. The first 3 years tried it, I sent my gifts and had got nothing back in return. I was on my final straw with the exchange and because I was putting a good effort in my gifts, I wanted something cool in exchange. 

I made my bio on the Secret Santa page and showed all my interests. I talked about my dog, how much I love soccer and all sports, my favorite teams, and other hobbies. I was hoping this would be the year...Well about a week before Christmas, I get a package that has written in sharpie all over it, "REDDIT SECRET SANTA!!!!" 
I was stoked to say the least. My roommates gathered around to see what was in the box...an electric toothbrush still sealed in the box(looked like this http://i.imgur.com/bcrSJ22.jpg). I was so bummed. My roommates laughed, I laughed (but was a little mad). I said something along the lines of, "I guess when my toothbrush breaks I can use this one."

About 5 months go by and Im using my old electric toothbrush and it suddenly breaks. My Secret Santa gift will now come in handy! I go into my closet and pull out the box. I cut the tape and inside is not an electric toothbrush....It's a hand painted mug with two of my favorite soccer teams badges. I started laughing and was pumped! I felt like a fool for not even opening the box for months. It was one of the best gifts I have received in a long time and I use this mug almost every day for my beer, chocolate milk, water. 

So thank you random Secret Santa Redditor. I will continue to do Secret Santa because of you! 

http://imgur.com/a/UetSS

TL;DR: Thought I got an electric toothbrush for my Secret Santa gift...turned out to be an awesome hand painted mug with my favorite soccer teams.  

edit: picture links

Edit 2: if my secret Santa sees this , thanks again!!!

edit 3: I got my toothbrush replaced, costco warranties. Maybe I picked the wrong picture for the box. I dont think it was a limited edition toothbrush. just a normal oral b toothbrush. 

edit 4: I can't believe people thought a puppy was in the box...and for the people who wanted to see my dog http://i.imgur.com/7i6zJXl.jpg

Edit 5: OH its the same mug! Liverpool on one side, Inter on the other. /nSo this just happened 20 minutes ago and to be honest I’m still not sure if I’m okay so any doctors out there that might read this, lemme know!

So, every summer I usually do a Nair hair removal on my body, from like upper stomach to mid thigh. I’ve been doing it for a few years to achieve that smooth as a baby dolphin skin, so i know my skin is not sensitive or allergic to this product. 

Now, the Nair I buy comes with this [little white sponge.](https://imgur.com/a/juqaAMx) This helps basically “wash the hair away” by rubbing it off. I typically wash mine after every use. 

I recently went on a lake trip and I did my whole regime before I left. When I came back (as I was gone for quite some time) I noticed I missed a few spots and plus it was going to be date night soon so I figured *what the hell, I’ll do a bit more*

I was putting away my laundry after I came home, and found my sponge mixed in with my clothes. I set it aside, grabbed my clothes and lathered up with Nair. I waited my standard 5 or so minutes and hopped in the shower. Grabbed my sponge, and started rubbing. 

*oh my god*. At first, nothing was amiss. I’m rubbing, and the hair is coming off (in pretty good chunks but hey the product is working!). As I finish my front, I start to move to my backside. My literal backside. 

And then, it feels like I’m on fire. I go to wipe over a spot I already did and almost fall to my knees in pain. By now, I’ve almost finished my entire backside; back, lower butt and all. And it feels like my skin is eating itself. 

Let’s pause here and take a trip down my own TIFU memory lane. About 10 years ago, I was young and had a sick birthday party with awesome temporary tattoos that I put everywhere. I had forgotten about them until it was time to go to school Monday morning, and in a *holy shit everyone is going to make fun of me for having a pirate temporary tattoo on my cheek* induced moment, I grabbed the Mr.Clean Magic Eraser from under our kitchen sink and scrubbed my face as vigorously as possible. 

Now for those who don’t know what a Mr. Clean Magic Eraser is, lets just say it’s a small white sponge that packs the power of all the Greek Gods in it to remove any stain on any surface. I thought it would be a great move to scrub my skin with it, and boy was I wrong. The skin around my cheek melted off in some sort of disgusting science experiment and scabbed, leaving everyone to call me “zombie girl” for weeks. Safe to say, I am traumatized and know *exactly* what that sensation feels like. 

Okay, back to the present. So here I am, skin burning and glaring red. I finish my shower, change into the loosest clothes I own, and lay down to cry. As I’m in bed, my grandfather comes over and says “hey, I cleaned the bathroom and threw my magic erasers in with your laundry. Did you find them when you put away your clothes?” 

And that my friends, is the moment I had a flashback of my zombie face trauma, and knew I had made the biggest FU of my life, twice

And of course, here’s the [proof on my body. ](https://imgur.com/a/T0zSFdF)

TLDR; Used a magic eraser to take off my hair removing product. Gave myself ptsd as I have done this before, and now I have chemical burns all over my body.

EDIT: Yes I am a female and yes females grow hair everywhere on their body, believe it or not!! I am also not a fan so hence me trying to remove it. Let’s move on people. Much thanks to everyone who gave me healing suggestions! And hearts out to the people who have experienced similar situations :)

EDIT 2: sorry y’all, TIL there is not chemicals in Mr. Clean Magic Erasers, I genuinely though there was. What I am describing is a case of rubbing my skin raw mixed in with Nair, which is definitely a chemical. So my apologies./nI'm 27 year old guy from a rural part of India. During my childhood, my family wasn't in a situation to buy me a toys I liked the most. Spider-Man is always my favourite superhero and he is even today.
Finally, yesterday (Nov, 4th) I was in a position to buy a Marvel legends Spider-Man (homecoming) action figue (Product code : A6655AS0D). This is my first Spider-Man toy I ever had. To me it was so nostalgic and brought back all my memories. It just helped me in getting back to my fond memories and helped me doing things that I always to do and made smile. Even took it my work station and placed on the table today. Thank you so much for that.

But after getting back to my room , I have noticed that the toy's left arm isn't moving as intended to, especially at elbow joint. Then I have taken it for a closer look and then it is evident that joint at elbow isn't flexing/extending properly. So I was looking whether there are any other defects in toy and noticed that upper arm part of the left arm attached to shoulder isn't moving like it's right counterpart. To my horror, even though I'm being gentle, the upper arm just broke from the shoulder part.

It's very sad that it happened within 24hours of my purchase. Felt very bad that this convinced me to write up this mail just say, you should have made better quality check before packing. Never ever I have thought, as a fully grown man, would be writing about this but emotions underneath this made me to do so. Sometimes very little things might mean a lot to some people. It happened to me today.

TL;DR : Brought my first favourite superhero toy at age of 27 and it was broken within 24hrs.

Edit 1 : Thank a ton for all of your kind messages. And thanks for the golds strangers. I have never thought this post would gain this much interest. Still processing and reading your messages. I want to clarify one thing, like few users mentioned, this is indeed a copy paste of my email to Hasbro customer service. Then I was not in a mood to alter it enough to make a quality write up for a Reddit. Feeling dumb for not looking into keenly and not removing that product code.

Edit 2 : Got response from Hasbro to my email, and they offered to send me a new one. Customer service executive responded 'Thank you for writing to us and as a consumer we can totally understand your disappointment. Can you please let us know your name, phone number, contact details and address. We will send you a fresh piece. We can’t have one of our dedicated fans so heart broken.
Best,
Hasbro Team'.
This turned out much better than I have anticipated. This is so wholesome. Thank you all for making my day. I don't how many people will read this because of different time zones, but I really thank you all and so happy hear all your kind messages. And Sorry some felt I posted only to get one toy from reddit community, but that's not my intention, may be that's because of my  bad write up.

Edit 3: Grammar/nI own an Android phone with a rooted rom that allows flashlight to be used as notification indicator. I set it up only for wake-up alarm. 

Yesterday morning I was standing and looking at my phone in the subway and the alarm went off. I realized I snoozed it instead of dismissing it as I woke up. I turned it off immediately.

Then I saw a girl with a disgusted face staring in front of me. Fuck.

She thought I was taking pictures of her and called for help, everyone thought I'm a sick pervert, and called the metro cops at the next station.

I explained to the cops and showed how my phone's notification works, and they let me go. But the girl didn't buy it at all. I apologized anyways but she left as she gave another disgusted face at me without a word. 

Some of the people at the scene are commuters whom I regularly see every morning. Now I'm thinking that I'm gonna be marked as a creep forever. And even if I do find each of them and explain, I might look like I'm desperately making excuses. I'm fucked both ways. Fuck.

Blonde girl with a red jacket and a brown messenger bag in downtown LA, if you are a redditor and see this, I'm sorry again and please put me out of this misery.

TL;DR Had flashlight notification for wake-up alarm, it went off in the subway, a girl in front of me called cops on me thinking I was taking pictures of her. /nI've been meaning to post this for awhile and never really got around to doing it as I didn't really care for it. 



I had a accident when I was 14 that will forever be engrained into my memories. 




It was the end of a school year and we (my friends and I) had just got off from school. We were running a 5k on that day for charity, so I was still wearing my gym clothes. We decided to spend the afternoon riding bikes and I just borrowed my friend's bike since mine was busted. He lives on a hill, so the driveway was used for riding down really fast and then you would brake near the bottom before you hit the rough patch. 



I was halfway down the hill when I just realized that the brakes on the bike were non existant. I had two choices; peel out on the asphalt and tear my body up in these loose gym clothes or crash into the garage door made of aluminum. Of course I made the stupid choice and went straight into the garage. When I hit, my body started to go over the handlebars, but my lower half got caught on the handle bars. All my weight was put on crotch and more importantly my meat sceptre. 




The initial impact hurt a lot and then a very sharp pain followed by wetness in my gym shorts made me cry. I thought I just had peed myself and limped around the corner to check under the hood. I look down and see blood, my foreskin scrunched down to one end, and what look liked muscle. I couldn't see my djemba djembas as blood was everywhere. It looked like a red ink bomb went off in my boxers.  My crying turned into heavy grunts and I nearly fainted from the sight. My dad quickly rushed over and saw my mess. The pain from my underwear fabric touching exposed muscle was too much and I had too pinch a tent to avoid it touching. I waddled over to the truck and we started for the hospital. 




The entire time I was just shaking in my seat and hyperventilating. We get there and I waddle into the emergency room while holding the front part of my shorts out to avoid it touching. We make it to the desk and my dad proceeds to tell the girl that his son had hurt his penis and needed help. I was taken into one of the rooms where a doctor sewed up my tallywhacker to keep the skin together. He was kinda surprised and definitely didn't expect to be doing that on a Friday afternoon. 




The next few weeks I was afraid of touching my yogurt slinger as I was very sensitive down there. My balls were bruised and scabbed including a ring of scabbing around my skin flute. The stitches caused it to heal in a way where it now veers off to the right. If I want to pee without aiming, I need to point a little to the left of the water for perfect accuracy. Luckily it still works and I will forever have a scar that looks like my lap rocket was reattached. 




I regret not peeling out on the ground and learned to make better decisions in the moment. Before anyone asks, I have never shown another person my penis. No, I've never had sex, so I wouldn't know how it felt. Finally yes, I still am able to masturbate with slight problems. Also no dick pics; it's not going to happen. 




TL;DR 
I degloved my penis in a unfortunate biking accident, got stitches, and now live with a noodle that veers off to the right and a nice scar.




Edit: For those wondering, I'm in my twenties now. This happened almost a decade ago. Also I'm not completely insecure about my naked body being seen. That's just a very easy problem to get rid of. I just want to get into a relationship. Dating sucks/nI was trying to open a can of beans and I was hungry and very drunk. I couldn't find a can opener or any cutlery, for that matter; apparently my friends, who were also drunk, decided to hide all my cutlery. I opened up my kitchen drawer and found a mini screw driver.

Being very drunk, I lost patience quickly when trying to open the can of beans with the screw driver. 

I decide to hold the can between my legs and stab the can. I miss and I stab my penis.

I start screaming and friends are all confused. They run in and see me with a screwdriver through my pants with blood spreading from the points of contact. Ambulance is called, and I'm in the hospital. The doctor asked how this happened and I said it was because I was trying to open a can of beans. 

Anyway, they remove the screw driver and wrap my dick up.

Time to stop drinking.

tl;dr: I was drunk and tried to open a can of beans with a screwdriver and end up missing and stabbing my dick instead./nProbably a NSFW story. For context I am a female, and I'm on the thicker side. Not obese, but definitely not skinny. Just in case it matters to the story.

So, we're at Silverwood. I decided to try the one water slide that is just a vertical drop and it's over. So, I get on, and the lady said to cross your legs. I thought it was just to protect your legs, so I didn't put that much force into it. How I regret not putting more force into it.

See where this is going?

So I start going. The water begins to build up on my butt, but that's common for me. But what was weird was it started so early. I didn't think much of it, I was just thinking about how fast it was. I'm a thrill seeker when it comes to rides and stuff, so that was right up my alley.

And then, it was literally up my alley.

I come zooming down into the flat part, and I swear. That fucking water slide took my virginity, and it wasn't gentle. Every orfice that water could force it's way up, it did. I did not need a douching, thank you very much, especially not one up the ass with public pool water! I was farting and/or leaking water for a few minutes, until I couldn't tell if it was still water, farts, or liquid shit coming out my ass, so I excused myself to the bathroom.

It was still water, btw.

So to summarize my experience: It was fun for the first 3-5 seconds, and then I got a very thorough nether region cleansing. But what did it cost?

My dignity.

TL;DR I was raped by a public water slide. "Where's the leak ma'am?" "Everywhere."/nThis happened about 5 years ago while on a family vacation in Mexico. We were looking for things to do and my dad says he'll buy my brother and I a snorkeling trip for the next day. We agreed, had dinner, then me and my bro go to the bar at our resort for some drinks. My dad warns us not to get too wasted because the snorkeling trip is booked for 8am. Whatever Dad. We get to the bar, meet some girls, one thing leads to another and I get absolutely hammered off tequila shots. Blackout. Wake up to my dad knocking on the door pissed off saying to get the fuck out on the boat. 

Here's where the story begins. The rocking boat, scorching sun, and cheap tequila hangover were bad enough; then about two hours in I get the urge to explosively shit my shorts. No bathroom. I didn't want to move, but I decided taking a good ole fashion aqua-deuce is better than shitting on the deck. I grab some goggles, get in the water and swim away from the group of people. I figure I'm a good distance away, dive down a little, pull my shorts down and let loose. This was some next level shit. There's shit floating all around me, and that`s when I realize that fish fucking love shit. Tons of fish start pecking at it, and at this point some of the snorkelers are heading over since there's so many fish. I panic because I'm surrounded by my own feces so I just start wack-a-mole-ing the floating turds, trying to break them up. This causes more fish to come and more snorkelers as well. Before I know it, I'm surrounded by fish and snorkelers... and we are all swimming in my shit. In the end I'm not sure if anyone noticed my shit floating around, but it was still embarrassing as hell.

TL;DR Got wasted, went snorkeling hung over, explosively shit in the ocean causing fish and snorkelers to swim in it.

Edit: I realize all tequila is Mexican, I just meant local no-name tequila, for sure not for export. /nLast Saturday, my "boyfriend" and I were to attend an obstacle course. I asked my trainer what kind of food would be best to have before and after the race, and he suggested omelet for breakfast, and something with lots of protein for dinner.

Friday night I buy 2 thick and juicy ribeye steaks to cook for us Saturday night after the race. I remembered years ago I saw a Jack Daniels glaze in a restaurant, and think it would be a good idea to marinate my steaks in some whiskey. Not knowing exactly how that works, but knowing that with marinades, it's best to cover the whole surface of the meat, I pour half a bottle of Jack Daniels whiskey in a zip-lock bag, throw the steaks in, and make a note to take them out in the morning.

Saturday morning, we sleep through our alarm, and in our haste to rush to the race, I forget the steaks in the fridge. I think it's no big deal, I'll take them out after I get back, it will only have been 24h, surely that's not too bad. Problem is, I didn't plan to run the race myself, but when I get there, the BF is a little sad that he'd have to go it alone. So in the spirit of solidarity (and masochism) I sign up last minute to run with him.

Needless to say, by the time we got home, we were covered in mud, physically, mentally, and emotionally exhausted, and I was in no mood to cook anything. We decide instead to go out to eat, and I once again leave the steaks in the fridge overnight, thinking I can cook them for lunch tomorrow. 

Sunday rolls in, we begrudgingly roll out of bed at noon, and after a light breakfast we aren't that hungry, so we push lunch back a few hours. At around 6pm, 48 HOURS after the whiskey was introduced to the steaks, I remember I am supposed to cook them, so I get cracking. They cook nice and quickly (suspiciously quickly, in hindsight - edit: 3 minutes on each side) but we still aren't too hungry, so I put a steak in a container with some potatoes for him to have for lunch the next day.

Monday at around 12:30 I get a video call from the BF. He looks flushed, a little woozy, and his eyes are darting all over the place. He tells me the steak had soaked up so much alcohol, he is actually quite drunk, he can't stop burping, and the whole office smells like whiskey. His boss walked by his desk and smelled the booze, and thankfully he has a sense of humor because he told him "BF, it's not nice to not share". 

He finished the call by telling me how pretty I looked, how pretty everything looks, pretty pretty pretty, and then got really serious and told me he is concerned for me, because I am a lightweight, and if I eat my steak, I will probably die of alcohol poisoning, so I should save it for him.

TL;DR I marinated my steaks in whiskey, left them in too long, fed them to boyfriend, he is now in AA.

Edit: No, 48h alcohol marinade does not evaporate during a 3m per side steak fry. Seriously. If you think you can cook alcohol out of your food that easily, [have I got news for you](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/besdrp/tifu_by_feeding_my_boyfriend_steak_and_getting/el8vn87/)./nSo, my lady friend gets a call from her cousin saying he has a college film project due, but can't seem to get his fake blood to look just right. She is a theatre/ photography type, so she agrees to help him whip up some better stage blood. 

So we do, but its still not quite right. It looks perfect to the naked eye, but still not perfect on camera. 

So its getting pretty late. We decide to take the bottle home and work on adding a little more pigment to help it out. We were parked on the other side of a large park. At this pont it's almost 11pm and we haven't seen anyone the entire walk. 

As we are walking, I'm talking with my hands when I hit her arm and knock the bottle out of her hand on a concrete wheelchair ramp. 

The bottle splits open and every drop of "blood" pours out. All 32oz. It looked like a Tarantino flick. Its running down the ramp. Real horror show. 

But we're not too worried. First of all its threatening to rain, so we figure it will wash away. Also there aren't alot of people in the park. So we figure if nothing else we will get to the car, fill a bottle with water and go wash it down, if it doesn't rain before. 

We walk about 10 more minutes to the car, fill a bottle with water from the fountain and start driving back. Until we see the police SUV flying down the road toward us. Hauling ass, lights blazing

He hits us with the spotlight, but then turns it off and pulls into the nearest parking lot closest to the spill. I'm like "we should tell him" but she is a bit freaked out. So I say "ok I'll pull into a good spot, leave you in the car and run and tell em what happened." As soon as I pull over another cop in a cruiser pulls up and tells us we need to clear the area. I'm like "well...I wanted to...". And he drives off midsentence toward the other cop. 

Then another cruiser comes. This cop motions for us to leave. So we do as she said. I wasn't looking forward to talking to them anyway.

Not sure whatever came of it, but I'm sure they figured it out. 

TL,DR - Walking in a park. Carrying stage blood from a film project. Drop it. It goes everywhere. Looks like a slaughter has taken place. Police are summoned. We make our getaway. /nToday I had a phone interview with Chevron for a chemist position. The interview began with usual pleasantries and they asked how I was. I'm from Boston, and as any of you Bostonians know the weather here is currently exceptional. So I responded "It's 70 and sunny in Boston in November, so I certainly can't complain." They chuckled at my line, so I went full steam ahead with the career-ruining followup:

"Haha, you guys at Chevron keep up the good work with this global warming!"

Silence on the other end for 5 solid seconds.

Needless to say I probably won't be getting a call back./nMy wife and I have a 3 year old son who we love dearly. We often talk about how cool it would be if he were a twin. Then we could have two of them! So I offhandedly told her that in a parallel universe, it’s likely we have died and our son is alive. If we could just figure out a way to get him from his universe to ours, everyone wins. She’s been crying for two hours now over our parent-less son in another universe. And I haven’t even told her yet that swans can be gay.

EDIT: Alright, alright! I get it. I need to watch Fringe./nI want to preface this by saying I'm okay, no catastrophic eye damage to me or my father.

We aren't in the path of totality, but we still bought a few pairs for viewing. Now I'd like to say I thought I'd be one of the smart ones this time around, but looks like I almost bought a one way ticket to Stupidville.

As we were watching it, I got the bright idea (Pun definitely intended) of grabbing my binoculars and trying to see through with the eclipse glasses. So I put the glasses on first, then brought the binoculars up to my eyes. Took a minute to find the sun, but eventually I did and it was awesome! We could see some sunspots and the lines were so crisp and clear! It was pretty cool, so I let my dad give it a go as well.

As I took a second turn, I noticed my right eye felt irregularly hot. I brushed it off, especially since the binoculars favored the left lense for viewing. Once I was done looking I took the binoculars off and noticed my grave error; THE LENSE OF THE BINOCULARS MADE A BEAM OF CONCENTRATED SUPER-LIGHT THAT MADE A HOLE IN THE GLASSES THAT ALMOST FRIED ME LIKE A LIGHTSABER TO THE RETINA.

I threw the glasses off my face and look down from the sun and we both checked our eyes for ghosting images. Thankfully, we were both fine! But looking back, I nearly became one of the people I laughed at so naively.

[Proof](https://m.imgur.com/PpVZr0q)

TL;DR Used solar eclipse glasses with binoculars which melted a hole through the UV filter, almost disintegrating my corneas

UPDATE: Woke up this morning and... I'm fine. It's been approximately 16 hours since the incident. No discomfort, pain or spots. I think I'm in the clear for now. My right eye *was* closed for a significant part. I think I'd know if that super-light was in my eye even for a second. Thanks for all of your concern!

UPDATE 2: It has been 24 hours seen the possible exposure. Still fine and dandy! I think a makeshift laser to the eye would have shown some symptoms by now./nOkay yeah, so this was about 6 years ago now. I recently remembered this story after years of trying to suppress it, and realized it was probably worthy of /r/TIFU.

&nbsp;

So a few years back I was going on a date with my girlfriend at the time, and it was pretty early on in our relationship. I had some half-price coupons to the local theme park (Valleyfair, holla back Minnesotans) and we decided to go together. 

So we get to the theme park and right at the entrance of the park is this wicked roller coaster called [Steel Venom,] (http://i.imgur.com/yBictS0.jpg) and we decide that'll be our first ride. So we wait in line and get on the ride, and start buckling in. 

&nbsp;

Now here comes the fuck up - after I push down my harness, I had just a *little* bit too much room to wiggle around. I figure I might as well push it one more notch, better safe than sorry right?

&nbsp;

As it turns out, I was very, very sorry for being safe. 

&nbsp;

I push the harness down one more notch and the ride starts, and I'm enjoying the ride from the safety of my snug harness, secure in the knowledge that I won't slip out and die. I'm a huge roller coaster guy, and I'm enjoying myself, having a great time, screaming louder than I need to.

&nbsp;

And then all of the sudden I realize I'm enjoying the ride a little bit TOO much.

&nbsp;

The harness, which was snugly contouring my body, unfortunately had an iron clad hold on my junk and was vibrating in all the ~~right~~ wrong ways. 

&nbsp;

I start to panic, and frantically try to adjust myself in any way to get my nether regions away from the roller coaster-turned-sex toy, but it was no use. I was trapped in the mechanical jaws of Steel Venom, trapped by my own proclivity towards safety, and wishing that I would've just let myself slip out of my harness instead.

&nbsp;

So at this point the ride is almost over, and I'm thinking that maybe, just maybe, I can hold out. This ride doesn't need to have a happy ending - through the power of sheer will, I may be able to resist. 

&nbsp;

But Steel Venom, the flighty temptress, had other plans. Right at the end of the ride (any of you who have ridden (rode?) it before will know this) the ride stops on the tracks (when it's vertical) and shakes the passengers violently. It's normally a fun part of the ride - I think the point is to make it seem like the ride is breaking or something. However, this time around, it was my undoing. The roller coaster shook and, despite my best efforts, I got to know the roller coaster in the biblical sense.

&nbsp;

So we get off on the ride and I tell my date I need to go to bathroom. I assess the damage and my shorts and underwear are what an insurance company would call a "total loss."

&nbsp;

At this point I need to decide if I tell the truth to my date or make up some bullshit, and so, in my post-coitus addled brain, I call my dad and ask him for advice (I told my date to go on another ride without me). He tells me, "Son, that's the funniest goddamn story I've ever heard, and I'm pretty sure she'll think so too." *click*.

&nbsp;

So I tell her the whole story, and she laughs and laughs (it's echoing in my head right now). I tell her that if we want to stay, I need to buy a new pair of bottoms from the gift shop, and that I'll wait here in the bathroom and she can pick some out, and I tell her to go nuts. 

&nbsp;

So she comes back with these sweatpants with "WILD THING" in pink glitter printed on the butt ("Wild Thing" is another roller coaster at the theme park), I change, and the rest of the day wasn't nearly as "eventful."

TL;DR - Went on a roller coaster, pushed the harness too tight and it vibrated my junk on the roller coaster, ending as you would expect. Wore some glamorous as hell sweatpants for the rest of the day./nOkay, so obligatory 'this wasn't actually today' disclaimer, but this did happen on Saturday. However, because my boyfriend actively uses reddit and will most likely see this, I figured I'd do the respectful thing and wait two days before I posted this super flattering story.


Some important details to keep in mind:

1. my boyfriend is deathly allergic to peanuts and has been since he was just a wee child.

2. I'm a dumbass.



So, this past weekend marked our one-year anniversary, which is a huge feat in and of itself given detail #2 spelled out above. To celebrate, we decided to go out for a super fancy dinner -- the ol' OG Olive Garden.


Being a fourth-year student at university, I've gotten very used to not wearing makeup, but I decided to go all out for our anniversary dinner. I even went out and bought a lip-plumping gloss so my bf could pretend he was dating a Kardashian for the day instead of plain old u/kate-plus-self-hate. Supposedly, the gloss works by searing your lips until they are huge, red, numb, and possibly burned to the first degree -- needless to say, it was unpleasant to use but I still thought it was worth it.


Fast forward to my boyfriend picking me up and us detouring to an empty parking lot for a quick-ish makeout sesh. An hour later, we arrived at Olive Garden and started in on the unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. We're maybe 15 minutes into dinner, and my bf starts complaining that his lips are tingling and that he feels kind of funny. I think nothing of it at first, but as we keep eating, he says the feeling was getting more intense and was spreading to his neck, abdomen, and *nervous glance* his nether regions.


My first thought was that he was hamming things up, but after a few minutes I could tell he wasn't faking anything. My next logical thought was that our food had come in contact with peanuts and that he was starting to have an allergic reaction. He agreed because he couldn't think of any other reason he would be experiencing the symptoms that he was.


At this point, I'm starting to freak out -- I don't want to be responsible for killing the only human who voluntarily spends time with me -- so I take my bf's keys and race out to his car. I knew he kept an emergency EpiPen in his glove box, so I fished that out, ran back into the restaurant, and jammed that fucker into his thigh.


Fast forwarding one more time, I flagged down our waiter to pay for our check, rushed my bf back out to his car, and drove like a maniac to the closest open urgent care facility. The practitioner there ran tests for his white blood cell counts and all of that fun shit, after which she told him that he's just fine and that none of their tests came back that he was having an allergic reaction. She asked him if he had come into contact with anything that might have been irritating his skin...


...and that's when my last two functioning brain cells decided to start working. The whole thing was my fault. The only possible explanation for the whole ordeal was that I got my probably-FDA-rejected lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend's body.


My bf was less than enthused when we got home and I told him what I thought had happened. In fact, he made me throw the gloss out immediately. A few hours later, he (and my own lips) went back to normal, but at least this makes for an anniversary we won't forget...


TL;DR: I mistook my getting lip plumping gloss all over my boyfriend for him dying from a peanut allergy./nObligatory: This was not today.

When I was a young lad I developed a habit of gorging myself on anything that tasted good because I could. Pizza? At 14 I could eat a large in a single sitting and have a snack a few hours later. Mind you I never broke 140 at 5 8 until I was 22. Those were the days.

Egg Nog? My record is 1.5 quarts and I only stopped because a buddy of mine started vomiting after 2 and I didn't feel like wasting good egg nog. Granted 6 hours later I blew a hole in the bathroom floor becoming the inspiration for Chocolate Rain to our downstairs neighbor but I was ok.

We used to go on Cheap Beef runs in highschool and I was known for eating 5 McDoubles in a sitting back when they were on the dollar menu. Years later I was in college I could pound 8 thanks to the powers granted by Mary Jane. My point is I thought I was invincible.
Then it happened. When I was 16 my parents got a sweet deal on pears. It was a whole bushel basket from a shifty neighbor that years later was arrested for stealing boat tarps in the dead of night, dragging them down the road from the local marina and selling them on eBay. 

Our grandfather had a minor but unexpected procedure that week so we packed up for a trip and I was told to get rid of the pears so they wouldn't go bad while we were away. Over the course of a day I had maybe 15? They were so damn good I couldn't stop. We get into the car about 5PM to drive from Mexico NY to Binghamton NY via Route 81. That's a 4~ hour ride if you include explosive shit breaks.

About 20 minutes into the trip I let one of those silent hot silent farts go, the type that sear every orifice they come in contact with like a hot griddle and immediately my sister screams "Mom! Chris farted and it hurts!" Mom responds "Lila don't be drama-OH GOD! Chris!" and my dad laughs in delight. Ten minutes go by and I set another one free. My sister yells at me and mom tells me to knock it off. Dad and I are laughing and he locks the windows then turns the heat up until mom threatens to leave him. The third fart about an hour in dad's laugh is not nearly as enthusiastic.

An hour and a half in dad turns and says "Chris, it's not funny anymore, you're making your mother sick" as I'm still farting. Like the air is coming out of my fluttering sphincter as we're making eye contact. I tell him "Dad something is wrong I can't stop." Mom asks me if I was sick and I tell her no. She asks if I ate anything weird. I tell her 15 pears. She freaks out and calls me an idiot, dad agrees I did not do a smart thing, my sister smirks at her inherently superior decision making skills, I fart, everyone gags.

It's two hours into this trip from hell and there's a tight knot in the pit of my gut. It hurts so bad as my insides try to figure out how the fuck to deal with all these pears(I eat the whole things except the stems). I tell dad I need the next rest stop. He tells me it's 10 minutes away. My colon goes "Best I can do is 8."

I'm pouring sweat at this point and shaking as the painful ball of tension shifts. A gurgling sound slides from right to left and my sister looks at me horrified saying "I heard your poop move" to which dad laughs and mom scowls. I fart and the fart ends with an abrupt wet plugging sound. The windows are just staying down at this point. Mom is making little gagging sounds.

We get to the stop and I run inside, a partial squeaker slips out in the lobby of the visitor center and I know everyone will know the foul stench is me moments from then. I don't care, I'm whimpering as I enter the bathroom.

All three stalls are occupied and I want to cry. Wait no, the door opens on one and a guy comes out, it was like a gift from heaven above. I don't care if the seat is warm I brush past him apologizing slam the door and slam my ass onto the seat as my cheeks parted and the gates of Hell swung open.

*The Reckoning*

You've seen Dumb and Dumber I assume. It was like that except 3 people could hear every squirt plop and splash as the poorly mixed pudding texture mess erupted out of my tender teenage hiney-hole, splattering the inside of the bowl like a sinister Jackson Pollack. I don't know how but it felt like at least a third of the pears had reassembled themselves. The disasster was a wild combination of consistancies. 

For a few violent moments my ass was centerstage in what can only be described as a Blue Man Group sketch artistically celebrating the phases of matter. Liquid, solid, gas, solid, liquid, fiery jets of plasma back to viscous rancid ropey ass fluid splashing plopping blasting to some unearthly rhythm. Gasps were heard inside the restroom followed by muffled laughter as thirty seconds of plops and periodic flushes rang out. I was afraid it would stack up and touch my balls so I kept flushing.

I sat there for twenty minutes wringing the last of satan out of my anus until my dad came in and asked if I was ok. I cleaned up and we got back into the car. We rode in silence the remainder of the trip.

To this day my parents won't keep pears in the house when I visit or let me have them at extended family functions.

TL;DR I ate some pears and they gave me gas so bad on a 4 hour road trip with my family that 15+ years later I'm not allowed to have pears at family functions./nThis actually happened a year ago. I was interning at a very fast paced and stressful job where the hours were something like 6am-10pm. Needless to say, I was perpetually tired and pretty much dead on the inside.

So one day as I was coming home from work, a really good song came on the radio. I pulled into my garage just below my apartment complex, reclined my seat and closed my eyes, enjoying the music. 

You can probably tell where I'm going with this story. I fell asleep in the car. With the engine running in an enclosed space.

(The garage is located underground, below each apartment block. Each apartment block is a duplex with it's own garage. The unit above ours is empty so basically I have both parking spaces to myself.)

One moment I was listening to music and the next thing I know, I'm woken up by my colleague ringing my phone at 6.30am to know where the hell I was and why was I not at work.

I was honestly shocked speechless about not being dead that I did not even give two shits about being late for work. 

I suddenly noticed that my garage door was slightly raised and my car windows were lowered. This was when I had this sudden flashback about an event that had occurred during the night.

Sometime during the middle of the night, this old chinese lady had somehow entered my garage and knocked on my car window, asking me to lower my window. She looked like some generic chinese grandma. Gray hair, short in floral print. I don't remember too many details of the encounter but I do remember being annoyed that someone woke me up. And trying to get rid of her persistent knocking, I lowered my windows for her. She left me alone afterwards. 

That is the extent of what I remember.

Recollection aside, there is absolutely no way anyone could have manipulated my garage door unless they had a key to the side gate or the remote control; both of which were attached to my car keys. 

Tl;dr: Fell asleep in my car, almost died but was saved by either a friendly grandma ghost or by hallucinations generated from carbon monoxide narcosis./nI'm a high school senior.
I'm what you would call a mischievous student.
I bought a magnet.
It's a pretty big magnet.
Pretty cool looking magnet.
Pretty fucking strong magnet.
I brought said magnet to school.
I showed all my friends.
Wed a little "Test Your Strength" booth that the security guards took part in.
Point was to take it off a locker.
Fun stuff.
I had the magnet in my hand.
I should've had it in the cardboard protective wrap.
I walked into English Class and went straight to my teacher's desk to ask a question.
I forgot I was holding said magnet.
Said magnet jumps out of my hand and attaches to the drawer.
All metal in the drawer jumped to where the magnet was stuck.
There were CDs in the drawer.
The stuff that flew must've scratched and cracked some CDs.
CDs were unreadable.
I was laughing too hard to take it off the desk.
The substitute teacher was too weak to pry it off.
He called maintenance to remove the magnet.
Then security to remove me.
I now have a Saturday School Detention and am facing a suspension for "destruction of property."
I feel bad so I'll replace the CDs.

TL;DR: Don't bring a magnet to school.

[proof](https://imgur.com/gallery/FKNgw)

Edit: I made a new edit of the proof for privacy reasons.

Edit 2: For those of you who feel the need to comment and crucify me for the format and grammar of this post, do me a favor: shut up, you reprobates. God forbid I type in a format that makes it easier and quicker to type up while sitting in the VP's office and waiting for my disciplinary verdict. Jesus fucking Christ, ya gotta love Reddit in all its judgemental and hypocritical glory.

(P.S. I love y'all who chose to not be asshats.)/nSo this happened a few months ago.

I live in a flat a building consisting of 74 flats, all identical in layout. This also means all floors apart from the main entrance are identical as well. It’s set up so you can get the stairs or the lift to your floor, and as you exit the stairs/lift, there’s a door leading to a hallway where a row of flats are, which you need a fob key to get into. (Relevant).

So I got home after a smoke session with a friend and got in the lift. I pressed the button to go to my floor and go up. Once I’m on my floor I don’t notice anything out of the ordinary, until I go to unlock the door that needs the fob key. The small picture of a key in a square indicating where to put the fob key was different. I thought, “hey, maybe they changed it when I was out, that’s a little weird though”. My stoned little brain didn’t realise I’d only been out for a couple of hours at most, and I’d gotten back at around 11pm, so what would’ve been my first clue that something was amiss went completely over my head. 

For some reason, the fob key worked to get into that hallway even though it wasn’t my floor, and the first thing I notice is the flat door to my left is different. And by different I mean that all the doors to the flats in my building are all similar, heavy fire doors in either black, white or red. This one was bright blue and looked very, very outdated, with two large frosted windows on top of one another vertically with a letterbox in between. I also noticed how outside every flat there were bikes which I’d never seen before. 

As I walked along the hallway toward my flat I start freaking out. The old looking door. The bikes. The different fob. The whole hallway just seemed so off, it didn’t seem like the one where my flat is located. But the only logical explanation to me wasn’t that I’d accidentally gone to the wrong floor, like anyone who wasn’t that stoned, or anyone with half a brain cell would think, oh no. There was only one thought on my mind and that was,

 “oh my god I’ve gone back in time, this must be what the building looked like years ago! Oh my god what the fuck do I do?!?”. 

This thought was with me for about 30 seconds until I reached “my” door. My heart was racing, my palms began to sweat. I had no idea what was going to be on the other side of that door if I’d gone back in time. I got my keys out and was about to go to unlock the door when I noticed. . . The wrong door number. I was on the wrong floor. I must’ve pressed the wrong floor button in the lift. 

My fear turned into me giggling to myself as I realised my mistake and how silly it was that even for half a minute I genuinely believed I’d gone back in time. I hurriedly exited to the right floor and into my flat. It’s probably the most stupid thing I’ve done whilst high. 

TLDR: Pressed the wrong button in the lift in my flat building where all floors look the same, ended up on the wrong floor but was too stoned to realise, thought the only logical explanation was that I’d gone back in time. 

EDIT: Wowowowow thanks for gold!!!! 

EDIT 2: To people saying I made this up or they haven’t been that fucked up from smoking or whatever, this literally happened in the span of like a minute, it was a huge brain fart from being high. I smoke most days but rarely anything like this happens, and that’s what makes it so funny to me! I wasn’t fucked up or anything, I just had the biggest brain fart from being stoned! 

EDIT 3: this 100% happened. I swear to god. Tbf I guess the story is dramatised a bit to make it entertaining, but for that half a minute I genuinely was scared I’d gone back in time, it was momentary lapse of judgment! Weed can do strange things to your brain and make you think things for a FEW SECONDS that obviously aren’t a thing. Paranoia is one hell of a side effect of smoking weed. I couldn’t make this story up lol /nSo this happened 5 days ago when I told the kids the origin of the cycle and how to pull this off. I was with my wife at another couple’s house having dinner. Their 12 year old was there  with his friend. Somehow the conversation came up about farting and I asked if I had ever told them how I ruined my birthday party and almost my school life due to farting as a kid. They had not, so I assured them I would tell them the tale without letting them know how I did it.

As I tell you the tale below I won’t leave out the details of how I did it like I did for them.

There eyes and ears were on me as I told them of the 5th grade 25 years ago. I remember noticing that I was farting a lot. Not like just gassy, but powerful, chair vibrating farts. I was always inquisitive, so I wanted to find out what caused this. I remembered in the morning swallowing a ton of air to create a monster burp but it never came back up, not later or anytime. I guess it must have came out the other end.

To test this I swallowed tons of air the following day and every time it tried to come up I forced it to stay. Eventually I could feel it moving south through my body. About 20 minutes later it worked. I was blasting them but I still had some perfecting to do. At any rate I was farting so much that week that I was in trouble for disrupting class and they called my parents. I got my birthday party taken away! I was devastated but they said if I behaved I could have it back on the following Friday.

I just didn’t feel like I was fitting in anymore without farting so I decided to start the cycle up. After the first fart or two I was sent to the hall. I found myself sitting on the tile floor and had an idea for great fart reverb.

The system I had perfected went as follows:

\-To start the cycle swallow as much as air as you can, hold it and no matter what keep it in. If some slips out your mouth replace it.

\-After your first fart take 3 small gulps of air.

\-Continue after every fart until you want to be done.

\-Cool down period will take about 20-30 minutes to stop farting.

So anyway, I sat in that hallway, the Friday of my party and every time I wanted or needed to fart I held it in and swallowed more air. Until finally I was about to explode. I let out an unhuman machine gun fart that ripped the halls and made my teacher and another teacher from a different classroom come out. That was it for me. Parents called, birthday lost. One final chance for next week.

I was doing great I had stopped farting until One day my friend Shawn who I had taught the secret challenged me and I couldn’t back down. I even decided to bend over and blast one at one of the cafeteria workers. This was it, I lost the birthday forever. I was ready to run away but my friends talked me out of it. I was done for. I got an in school suspension for a day and stayed in the principals office. I had to write an essay on why farting like that was bad. I wish I still had it!

Through all of this my parents never knew there was a “cycle” Whenever my brother and I wanted to do it, since I had taught him, we would use code. “Hey brother, someday I hope to own a motor”cycle.” We would emphasize the cycle part. Well this just got us buried into even more trouble. I had even gotten so in tune with my body I could pick the style of fart, machine gun, squeakers, splat whoppers, I could choose any fart. I eventually had to bury the cycle for good. I only brought it out once in high school youth group to prove the story was true to them.

Anyway, I suppose that was a TIFU as well as a child, but lets now end the story at the dinner table.

These kids are begging me to tell them how to do this. I say I never will but the Mom tells me to go ahead…I don’t even know the other kid or his parents. I tell them and begin to coach them. My friend’s child actually pulls it off and is farting so loud all night. The other kid can’t get it.

Well yesterday I guess he goes to my church, I passed by him and he goes. “Hey I mastered it!!” I am just waiting for his parents to get a hold of me somehow when all of this comes out or even worse it spreads to their entire school because the friend's kid said he already taught everyone of his friends…

TLDR; mastered how to fart on command with max reverb and volume as a kid, told the story 25 years later to some middle schoolers and they ended up mastering it themselves which has me terrified of parents in this town./nThanks to the fuck up I’m writing this on my phone so I apologize ahead of time for any typos. 

So last night a few friends came to my place to pre-drink before going out clubbing. We were drinking vodka in glass bottles (fuck up #1) and began playing “Never Have I Ever.” Naturally, the game got pretty kinky after a bit, and it concluded with “never have I ever had sex on a table.” You see where this is going. 

So anyway, fast-forward 4 hours, post-club. I bring back one of the fine young ladies we were pre-gaming with and, given that McDanks was closed, we decided to make ramen. Classic drunk college students. So I place a pot full of water on the hot plate on my table (we don’t have an actual stove in my apartment) and wait. One thing leads to another and we start hooking up and (determined not to lose in Never Have I Ever next Tuesday) we eventually move to the table. Meanwhile the water is full on boiling, my laptop is out on the table playing music, and the vodka bottles are still out on the table. One of the legs of the table ends up SNAPPING OFF (we’re not that heavy I swear), sending everything on the table crashing to the ground, including us, as well as said boiling water, which conveniently lands all over my MacBook. 

I spent the whole morning not only chugging pedialyte to cope with the hangover, but also picking out shards of glass from our feet (couple goals) and watching the water continue to drip out of the USB port of my laptop... 12 hours later. I suppose we lucked out in terms of the water not landing on us, paying for skin grafts is definitely far worse than the price of a laptop, but it still sucks throwing $1200 down the drain. TIFU. 

TL;DR 

Played Never Have I Ever, which gave us the brilliant idea to have table sex. Said table breaks, sending boiling water straight onto my MacBook. /nThis morning I had my first eye appointment in about 10 years and was feeling really excited to get in some new glasses! 

I made my 3 year old son an appointment for the same time, so my husband came along to help. This also meant we had our 3 month old daughter with us.

The appointments were hectic with a toddler who didn’t want his eyes checked and so it took a little while to get through both visits.

By the end, when it was time to pick out frames, our daughter was starting to cry and ready to be fed. I decided the easiest thing for everyone would be if I fed her while I picked out my frames and sat to have them measured. 

She was starting to get loud so I didn’t want to waste time running to the car for my cover, but I was wearing a nice loose shirt that I was able to lift over one breast and drape back down to cover my stomach so that nothing was showing. It been a while since I fed her so  my breasts were pretty full. 

Everything was just about done, and I was sitting with the optometric technician at her desk, paying while sitting and feeding the baby. I leaned forward to sign the receipt and right at that moment, my baby unlatched from my breast and leaned back to stretch. My full breast was not prepared to stop so quickly, and the milk was still shooting out in the form of 3 strong jets directly at the technician and all over her desk.

I covered up quickly, wiped her desk with my shirt, apologized profusely, and left.

TL;DR was breastfeeding my baby and accidentally shot milk all over the desk at my optometrist. /nThis happened yesterday. I was naked because I was about to go to bed, and my gf wanted some tea and watch an episode of something on Netflix. So I boiled the kettle, got 2 sachets of Green tea ready. Poured the water in the mugs, picked the mugs up and sneezed.

A good amount of boiling green tea water spilt on my dick, causing me to shriek loudly thus waking the neighbours at 2 am. Had to then lie to the neighbours after they knocked on my door to see if everything was okay and then spent the evening with ice on my dick which caused my balls to shrivel up like small raisins.

Naturally my gf thought this was hilarious and couldn't stop laughing. Today my dick looks like a frankfurter that has been put through a dehumidifier and feels like I've got the worst sunburn ever. 

This morning I went to work in the baggiest shorts I had and I am waddling like a penguin. I don't know how many people are staring because I am too goddam ashamed to look up.

Moral of the story, don't make tea naked folks.

TL:DR - I was naked, made some green tea, sneezed and spilled a good amount of tea on my dick when holding the mugs. Screamed, woke up neighbours. Had to put ice on my Johnson and went to work next day waddling like a penguin.

 
 &nbsp;

 
EDIT 1: Wow, I didn't think this would blow up, thank you Reddit. I have taken some of your advice and decided to purchase some Aloe Vera. And have smothered it on the burnt area, whilst it does seem to soothe the pain, my penis now resembles some sort of shrivelled slimy extra-terrestrial slug straight out of the Alien move. Nevertheless, thank you all for your advice, support and funny comments. This is definitely the last time I do anything kitchen related whilst naked./nIt all started last weekend.

I woke up to a text Saturday morning (1-20-18) from an unsaved number that read, "Let's go to Riff Raff in April." *This is the part where I fuck up. Instead of being normal and saying "new phone who dis?", I chose to assume that it was either a acquaintance/coworkers number I didn't save or someones number I deleted (imrl people know I like RiFF RAFF or more of the idea/icon of the artist).

So to be [stupidly] polite, I tell this person "heck yes, that would be sick!" and after we had a few back and forth texts about his music. I honestly didn't think much of the interaction.
Figured I would ask a coworker/friend if they had that number during the weekend/week out of curiosity, but didn't feel as if I made a verbal contract with someone.

Turns out, NOBODY I KNOW HAS THAT NUMBER.

Whoops, so to not have an awkward convo I just let the whole thing go and let that person figure out they contacted the wrong number by trial and error (they would probably see their intended contact at some point and mention the concert convo, the other person would have no clue, then they would deduce what happened..).

Well the week has been going by and tbh I kinda forgot about the interaction, but I got woken up by a phone call from the same number at 2am (Friday).
SHIT (and hell no I didn't answer).
After ignoring the call, I realize I have 4 new notifications from that number from minutes earlier. (a link, text, a picture, and a short text.)

The link is some random rap video, paired with a text "This homie starts the video smackin some hyna and goes in.lol"

The picture (I kinda feel bad still), it is a screenshot of a ticket purchased to the riff riff concert, paired with a short text saying "your ticket"

/var/folders/c7/yswf5t9n7ql4fvmy54s0fwpc0000gn/T/com.apple.iChat/Messages/Transfers/IMG_1410.jpeg

The image says "Congratulations Chad" for purchasing the ticket, and I know no fucking Chads. lol.

At this point I decide I better at least help this dude out and explain the garfunkled situation to him, that way he can at least sort things out by April and have a dope time at the concert. this is what I literally text him.. 

"Good news: there is plenty of time until April and that concert is going to be lit.
Bad news: when you text last i assumed you were my coworker (i don't save numbers that often, i should of said "new phone who dis" my bad) but i don't know any Chad's.
Truly sorry."

I was embarrassed but thought I at least sorta righted my wrong by giving the dude a heads up.

The dude literally sent back "Lol cuh I swooped you a ticket.You are goin."

TL;DR I didn't ask an unsaved number who they were, had a conversation and then the person purchased me a concert ticket thinking I was somebody else. After I explained the miscommunication, the person still expects me to go to the concert.

UPDATE:

i think he thought i was messing with him. When i ask who he was he said Chad such and such, Frank blah blahs brother. I told him my full name to reciprocate, and he has not responded since.

The concert is in Colorado but about a 2 1/2 hour drive from where i live and work.

After work today i will reattempt to post a screenshot of the ticket purchase he sent me and the convo, i am not the most tech/reddit savvy dude. My bad ya'll, but thank you for all the tech support.

You peps are right about it being more of a lucked out situation rather than a fucked up. I'll tell him that i'm just a regular non threatening dude that also happens to be a hiphop head. Keep yaa updated if he responds! Let's hope that he isn't the Chad that got away.. bahaha.

UPDATE #2: screenshots/convo
(p.s. let me know if I revealed to much personal info for sub, I blocked out the info I thought was important, i.e. confirm code and last names.)

Everyone keeps asking if I've google the number or looked it up on facebook. I did google the number but got no hits; however I do not have a facebook account so that is not really an option. I tried a general search of his full name after he sent that to me but to no avail. Never heard of the guy tbh.
Still no response from homie, might send him this tifu link lol.

UPDATE #3: talked to the dude and if his homie he intended to take doesn't want to go he will lmk, I offered to pay for the ticket and roll with the vibes.

https://imgur.com/a/dxvLL

UPDATE #4: (2-21-2018) Chad text me, his friend bailed. It is going down y'all. I'll be going to Riff on 4pril 8th, 2018. Stay tuned for the update [selfies/night details].

UPDATE #5: (4-9-2018)
Sorry fellow redditors, the long awaited meet up didn’t happen.
Thanks for all the funny comments, interesting feedback, and generally awesome experiences.
Unfortunately, i talked to Chad leading up to the Riff concert; he told me that he actually was unable to attend because of work complications.
Dangit, would have been dope but not getting murdered is also gnarly.
Let this be a cautionary tale BAHAHA./n**Part I: The Beginning**

About three years ago, I got a message from a girl who has the same last name as me. We aren't related, and I wasn't really interested in small talk, but she insisted. Let's call her Sandy. So I responded as any un-interested guy would...with short and broad answers. She would message me daily, and conversations would always go like this:

*Sandy: Heyy! What's up? How's your day? You at work?*

*Me: Yes*

*Sandy: Hahaha so you have plans this weekend?*

*Me: Probably busy*

*Sandy: We have the same last name, we should hang out!*

*Me: Haha*

And it would go like this daily. Every. Single. Day. So eventually, I decided to do something about it.

**Part II: The Grandmother**

One day she messaged me and told me that her grandmother passed away. Now, I may be rude, but I'm not heartless.  I expressed my condolences, we talked a bit and Sandy informs me that her grandma had actually had passed a couple years prior. I'll never understand why, on God's green Earth, she decided to tell me this. But then she broke even more jaw-dropping news: their family is going to see a medium to communicate with her! BINGO. I had my opening.

**Part III: The Mistake**

I'll just cut to the chase: While on Facebook messenger, I told Sandy that I was a medium, and could find out about her grandmother. Am I really a medium? Of course not. Is this a horrible thing for me to do? Yeah. Why did I do this? I have no idea. But it was an adventure.

First, I did my research and found the obituary online, so I knew the exact date of her grandmothers passing. But I couldn't just *tell* her the date, I had to beat around the bush. I said it sorta like, "she must have passed to the other side while the leaves turn lighter shades of orange..." Idk. I just spiced it all up.

Then, I managed to successfully guess her grandmothers favorite flower (yellow rose), the fact that her grandmother often knit her mittens for Christmas (pretty common among grandmothers), the fact that her grandmother had an assortment of flower-painted china-ware. You know, typical grandma stuff. But Sandy was actually 100&#37; convinced that I knew her grandmother and could communicate with her spirit. Sandy started asking me stuff, and by golly, I somehow managed to get most of the questions right. And when I didn't, I was pretty sly and clever. Like this:

*Sandy: What did she get for me for Christmas in 2009?*

*Me: Hmm. Mittens. Hand-crafted mittens.*

*Sandy: Omg! She gave me a hand-crafted scarf! You're actually communicating with her!*

*Me: Yep*

I had her thoroughly convinced. But then, out of nowhere, she told me that her mother was watching us talk online. And her mother was the one asking many of the questions, not Sandy. Ohhh boy. OHHH BOY. I decided now was a great time to somehow back out of this conversation and never look back.

I made the mistake of being honest, and I was like "haha yeah anyways I'm just joking about being a medium" but Sandy responded "my mom is very upset with you" and I was like "ok haha sorry."

**Part IV: The Chase at Walmart**

The good news, if anything, is that Sandy stopped messaging me. A few days past, and then a week, and still nothing. Keep in mind, I've never actually seen this chick in person, I just know shes from my town. Until I saw her in Walmart.

I have never experienced primal fear. You know, the kind of fear where you actually pee a little and go to the bathroom to just throw a little water on it to make it look like you spilled your drink. Yeah, that happened on this day. I saw her in Walmart, and she saw me. She was actually *with* her mom. I knew they recognized me from my profile pic, and they started coming toward me. I'm not making this up--I dropped what I was carrying and ran out of Walmart.

They followed.

I got in my car, put it into drive, and *floored* out of the parking lot. I saw them get into a red car and begin following. I honestly don't know this family at all. They could be complete psychos. They turned onto the road behind me, and since there's two lanes, they tried to speed up next to me. BUT THEN. BOOM. RED LIGHT.

As I slowed, they had no other place to go than right next to me. It was a beautiful day, so I had my windows down. I was blasting some sort of rap probably and I swear I could hear them yelling into my car, trying to get my attention. I just ignored them and put on some sunglasses.

I haven't seen or heard from them since.

*TL;DR: I convinced a mom and her daughter that I could talk to their dead grandma, made them angry once I disclosed the truth, and then saw them in Walmart....initiating an action-packed sequence that could easily be confused for a Michael Bay film*

**EDIT: Nice, I didn't even finish the title**

**EDIT**: **Hasn't been up 3 minutes and I've already had to edit it twice**

**EDIT: formatting**

**EDIT: wow the formatting sucks, so sorry y'all had to read this atrocity**

**EDIT:** **Title was supposed to be:**  "**TIFU by pretending to be a medium, ruining a family, and having a high speed chase out of a Walmart parking lot" shoutout to** u/Slayten **for motivating me to post this Edit!**

**EDIT: ok so I realize my title mentions ruining a family, and technically I didn't ruin a family and I am a liar. sue me**

**EDIT: don't actually sue me please**

**EDIT: it's good to know that my rap career can't take off but a daggum story about me being a jack-donkey to a stranger is getting upvotes to h\*ck**

**EDIT: i would like to take this moment to thank my parents, God, and Uncle Snoop Dogg for making me who I am today.**

**EDIT: THANKS FOR MY FIRST GOLD YOU BEAUTIFUL ANONYMOUS HUMAN, YOU. MAY YOUR DAYS BE FILLED WITH GOOD STUFF. PRAISE BE TO GOD AND UNCLE SNOOP**

**EDIT: well guys, I'm gonna slap the 'ol sheep if you know what I mean. Probably not haha I made it up. But anywho it means I'm gonna sleep cuz it's super late here in Gmb1t-ville. I had a blast and I'll try to reply to more of you beautiful people tomorrow.**

**EDIT: My last one, I promise. Some of y'all have been asking what kinda hippity-hop I make. So** [here](https://open.spotify.com/track/3oUcSg08T21kft0yUi7w7B?si=uTQ-cXiDRvStNJj6zZZKjA)**. My debut album coming soon, but Uncle Snoop won't be in it :(. Stay fresh, y'all. Goodnight ya filthy animals.**

EDIT: grammar/nObligatory this happened many years ago disclaimer. For many years one of my best friends in the world was a guy with severe Tourette’s, the kind known as Coprolalia that is popularized in media (characterized by yelling foul or obscene language). This is actually a fairly rare form of Tourette’s, as most people with the condition just have minor physical tics. Anyways, we were attached at the hip since the day we were both on the bus to high school and he sat on the front row and fumigated the whole bus with a rancid fart, leaving me no choice but to sit next to him.

He is actually a terrific friend and upbeat kind of guy, but he was on a ton of medication that gave him awful gas and we connected on our love of video games and anime. Fast forward many years later and we were on a day trip to Manhattan because he asked me to accompany him to his psychiatrist appointment - he was actually a really interesting case so he was regularly seen by a very well known and extensively published therapist. After the appointment, we were both starving so we swung into the nearest deli to grab a bite.

This is where the FU happened. For background, for some reason one of the things my friend fixated on was Jews and the Holocaust. He was in no way anti-semitic, but he just had issues with outbursts relating to that particular topic. For example, one night when he missed his medication he ran around his house screaming and drawing swastikas on the wall and on his kid brother’s Harriet Tubman homework in permanent marker.

Anyways, we sit down at a table and it seems like a generic enough deli - the waitress brings us a menu and we start perusing. As I’m paving through the menu my breath catches in my throat - matzo ball soup, latkes, knishes... CRAP THIS IS A JEWISH DELI!! My friend comes to the realization at the same time I do and my eyes meet his in pure panic. Immediately, his hand starts to come up in a Heil Hitler and I grab it and pin it to the table.

“Listen to me very carefully. I need you to turn your heils into an elephant. Just pretend your arm is the elephant’s trunk.”

I actually used this technique often with him - it was helpful to instruct him to transform his impulses into something else that was more benign. It didn’t always work, but thankfully this time it did. I mean, we got a lot of sidelong looks when he raised his arm up in a kind of wave and did an elephant roar periodically, but still it was preferable to the alternative.

As we prepared to leave, I was sweating like a whore in church and was so glad to get out of there having dodged a serious bullet. Unfortunately, my friend saw some muffins on the way out and was interested in dessert. He looks in innocently enough, points to one muffin in particular and says to the cashier, “I want to blow a huge cumload in that muffin.”

I almost died... I mean at least it was not a racist remark, but it wasn’t much better. Thankfully, the cashier had good humor, smiled at him and replied, “I don’t give a shit what you do to it as long as you pay for it.”

TL;DR brought friend with Jew-focused Coprolalia to a Jewish Deli, almost got away with it.

EDIT: WOW thanks for the silver and platinum, I am blown away by the response to this story. Most of all I want to thank everyone who is sharing their own experiences with Tourette’s - it really is misunderstood and I had no idea this would become such a great forum for educating people and making people realize they are not alone in the struggle. You’re all incredible, love you all. 

A brief Q&A to address some of the more common follow-up questions:

1.) This is totally not true because of X reasons (Tourette’s doesn’t work that way, how did you not know it was a Jewish deli, why did you have reflexes like a cat to prevent the Heil Hitler, etc.).

           The funny thing to me is

not only is this story completely true, but it is far from the raunchiest scenario I got into with my buddy. It does kind of tie up with a nice bow at the end thanks to the hilarious cashier, which is why it is a great anecdote. 

To address a few of the concerns, my friend has Tourette’s and severe OCD (lots of awesome people deduced this from the story) which is why he had compulsions to write swastikas for example. As far as not realizing it was a Jewish deli, that was the core of the FU as we were just not paying attention and probably deep in conversation about some random topic as we often were. How did I have the reflexes to catch his arm and quick thinking to redirect it to an elephant motion and sound? We had been best friends for years at this point and I was extremely well trained at identifying when he was about to have an outburst and doing what I could to help mitigate it... if we were in public anyways. In private he could do and say whatever came to mind and I was fine with it as long as it wasn’t violent (it never was).

2.) This story seems to be in past tense, are you still friends?

Over the years we slowly grew apart, mainly because I moved out of NY to live with my then girlfriend now wife, and I now have 2 kids. We just didn’t have enough time to sustain the kind of close knit friendship we had. I definitely miss him. He is doing extremely well these days for anyone wondering, he got married, moved in with his wife and works as a personal trainer these days. He took up exercise as an outlet and now does crazy stuff like the Iron Man triathlon... he is a total beast. 

3.) Did he buy the muffin?

Yes he did, but he just ate it. This is real life, not American Pie. Lol/nObligatory disclaimer: this actually happened yesterday, but as you'll soon find out, I was in no condition to type this out yesterday.

&#x200B;

I've been suffering from a really bad cold in conjunction with some of the worst allergies I've ever experienced. Yesterday I showed up to the grocery store where I work feeling feverish, sounding quite hoarse and nursing a somewhat serious cough, as well as some other symptoms. I felt pretty terrible and under the weather but it wasn't anything serious enough to prevent me from working that day.

&#x200B;

It's important to mention that I come from a family that swears by homeopathics. I'm a young adult still living with my parents and it's somewhat difficult to find name-brand medication in my house. My parents insist on trying to cure sicknesses with herbal tea and castor oil and stuff like that. Due to this, I haven't had a lot of exposure to name-brand medication, and am pretty unfamiliar with most of it (NyQuil included).

&#x200B;

I struggled through the first half of my shift and then clocked out for my lunch break. I went into the breakroom and started preparing my lunch, making small talk with the other employees who were back there. One of these employees is someone that I generally trust and hold in high esteem. However, he has a dry and somewhat sarcastic sense of humor, which can sometimes make it difficult to tell if he's joking or not. He'd found a bottle of NyQuil in the first aid kit in the bathroom and (jokingly) offered it to me, saying, "Here, drink about half of this. It'll make you feel better."

&#x200B;

Obviously if I'd known what NyQuil was, I would have realized he was joking. Either way, I was feeling really terrible and I was getting kind of desperate, so I figured I'd at least give it a try. I'd seen NyQuil advertised on television and stuff, so I vaguely knew that it was supposed to suppress coughing. I picked up the bottle and read through the label and didn't see anything that made me think twice about drinking the stuff at work, so I took a disposable cup and poured half the bottle into it. I then proceeded to fuckin DOWN that bitch. It tasted really sweet and kinda gross but it wasn't the worst thing I'd ever tasted. I was kind of out of it at the time, so I didn't really think twice about the fact that I *hadn't even bothered to check whether I'd consumed the appropriate dosage*. It honestly didn't even cross my mind to check. Not my smartest move.

&#x200B;

I didn't realize I fucked up until about a half hour later, after the end of my lunch break. I was clocked back in and I was helping to bring in the pallets full of boxes that came off of the delivery truck, still with a good 3 or 4 hours to go in my shift. I wasn't feeling much different, maybe a little calmer than normal, but nothing too drastic. I had a supply manifest and I was going through and marking off all the boxes in order to double check that we'd received everything we ordered, making small talk with my supervisor as we went. I was coughing pretty badly while we were doing this, so eventually my supervisor made me stop for a second and asked if I was ok.

&#x200B;

Supervisor: Dude, you sound pretty horrible right now. You should pop over to the drugstore and pick up some Claritin or something.

&#x200B;

Me: Oh, I went there earlier. I took some Sudafed, some Zyrtec, and some NyQuil.

&#x200B;

Supervisor: …You took *NyQuil*?

&#x200B;

Me: *(realizing I fucked up)* …Yeah.

&#x200B;

Supervisor: How the fuck are you awake right now?

&#x200B;

Me: *(realizing NyQuil is the one that puts you to sleep, and DayQuil is the other one)* …well I drank some coffee earlier, so I guess it's because of that.

&#x200B;

Supervisor: You got a real nice cocktail of drugs in your system. Let me know if you need to go home.

&#x200B;

Me: Nah, I think I'll stick it out.

&#x200B;

The NyQuil didn't really start to kick in until a half hour after that. I started feeling really drowsy and woozy. Everything was slower and it felt like I was moving through Jell-O. I was trying to read the supply manifest but it kept blurring in and out of focus and all I could think about was *SLEEEEEEEEEEP* so I went and I started downing a ton of coffee which just made things worse. I started getting the shakes. My hands and thighs wouldn't stop trembling and I started getting this weird sensation of pressure around my ankles. I developed one hell of a headache and a sudden urge to blink a lot more than normal. On top of everything it started to feel like I was watching myself through a TV screen, like I wasn't really there in person. All my actions felt delayed and whenever someone spoke to me it sounded like their voices were coming from really far away. My balance was off and my brain was just on this constant loop of "i don't like this i don't like this i don't like this i don't like this" which wasn't helping my productivity. I didn't want to go home because I'd already told my supervisor that I would stick it out and I didn't think it was worth it to leave early when I only had a couple of hours left in my shift, but those couple of hours just stretched and stretched and they became some of the most uncomfortable hours I can remember.

&#x200B;

I was the laughingstock of the store for a couple hours since it was painfully obvious that I was completely fucked up on something. I kept talking about how uncomfortable I was and staring off into space randomly during conversations. I was swaying on my feet and I'm pretty sure I made it into a few people's Snapchat stories that night. On the bright side, TIL me on NyQuil is probably funnier than regular me.

&#x200B;

I somehow made it through, so after clocking out I went to go find my supervisor and apologize to him. I promised him I'd be a drug-free, functioning human being upon my return to work the next day. Luckily I was with the chill, somewhat drug-friendly supervisor instead of literally any of the other ones. He just told me "tonight never happened" and to keep my mouth shut about it (which is obviously why I'm posting it to Reddit lol), but I'm glad it ended this way since it could have gone a lot worse.

&#x200B;

I biked (very slowly) home and almost got run over because I was too busy dissociating from reality instead of watching the road, but in the end I made it home safely. As soon as I made it in my bedroom door, I went Sicko Mode.

&#x200B;

*had me out like a light, yuh*

&#x200B;

TL:DR Didn't know what NyQuil was and drank half a bottle in the middle of my shift. Tried to counter it with coffee and ended up super crossfaded and uncomfortable in front of all my coworkers and my supervisor.

EDIT: Sooooo this blew up. I’m going to try and respond to comments when I have more time, but I felt like I should clarify some of the more commonly asked questions in this thread.

1. I don’t operate heavy equipment (forklifts, pallet jacks, etc.) at my job. We have people specifically trained in order to do that and I am not one of those. Pretty much the only thing I drive at my job is a shopping cart.

2. This story takes place in America, in an area with a high cost of living. I’m an hourly employee, not salaried, so I don’t get paid for sick days. It’s important to me to get as many hours as possible. I agree that I should probably have gone home or not showed up to work that day, but there wasn’t going to be anyone I could find to cover me on such short notice. I figured I’d go tough it out.

3. Before this incident, I’d never seen a bottle of NyQuil in my life (at least that I can remember). My mother relies on homeopathics and natural medicine for pretty much anything that isn’t life-threatening (but yes, I have all my vaccinations). In my experience, this kind of stuff doesn’t really have active ingredients or depend upon dosage. Like, if I had a cold, I’d just drink herbal tea until my sinuses cleared up, not necessarily a specific amount or dosage, which is why it didn’t occur to me to even think about dosage since I don’t really take medication given that I’ve lived pretty much my entire life without it. I wasn’t really allowed to watch TV growing up and even at this age I almost never watch it, so I don’t remember the last time I saw NyQuil on television. I certainly didn’t see ads for it often enough to remember that NyQuil = sleepy and DayQuil = awake. I see that a lot of people are skeptical of how I could possibly be unaware of what NyQuil is, but I want to remind everyone that I wasn’t exposed to this stuff for most of my life.
I was however able to recover the NyQuil bottle and examine it. It does in fact list “drowsiness” as a symptom of use, and includes the warning “do not use with sedatives”. In my defense, it doesn’t mention drowsiness anywhere on the front label (it lists pain relief, fever reduction, and cough suppression as its main effects) and the text where it does mention drowsiness is pretty small and somewhat easy to miss. Still, this is entirely my fault, which is why it’s a TIFU, because I alone was the idiot responsible for the fuck up. If anything I’ve learned to be more careful with shit I put into my body.

4. Yes, I am that stupid. Someone mentioned that I must not be working with a full deck of cards, to which I must inform you that you are absolutely right and that when I’m sick and tired it only gets worse. On the bright side, I get to transform the IQ points I’m clearly missing into imaginary Reddit points.

Finally, thank you to all the people who have expressed concern about possible liver damage. I’m going to see if I can see my doctor soon. Thank you to everyone who reached out./nSo this happened about a month ago and I'm writing this now because I had a nightmare about it last night.  


I invited 3 of my buddies over to my house for a LAN party, and I prepared for it with tons of snacks and alcohol. I even went and bought a different friend's old Xbox One off him just so I could stop feeling left out (I was a PC and PS4 person beforehand with no one to play with :[ ). The night went extremely well, and in fact, it was one of the best nights I've had in a while. We stayed up all night drinking and playing Monster Hunter, PuBG, and Fortnite in my basement where I have a man cave set up.  


Now, I am NOT a drinker. I probably drink a beer about once a month when I'm super bored. My friends always joke about it by asking me if the beer in my fridge is the beer they brought over a month ago (it is, but I don't admit it lol). So when I woke up that next morning, I awoke with the biggest hangover I've ever had. I essentially slept through that entire next day on my couch. The thought of cleaning up the beer, liquor, and soda bottles, along with all the chips, dip, and salsa strewn around me didn't even cross my mind, let alone getting off the couch. I just locked the basement door that day (so my SO, Mary, didn't see the tornado wreck in there) and tried sleeping off my hangover. I figured I would clean it up the next day and no harm would be done.   


Well, actually, a few days go by and I go down into the basement to clean up. To my surprise, I found the door unlocked and slightly ajar. I just figured that I had forgot to lock the door. I was hungover after all and Mary would have said something if it was her. While I'm cleaning, I noticed that my gaming desk was surprisingly clean, which wasn't right because I had definitely spilled crumbs and alcohol all over it two days ago. I credited my dog Rex for the cleanup of my desk and just continued cleaning. After finally finishing, I sat down at my gaming desk and prepared to hunt some beasts with a buddy on Monster Hunter. To my surprise, however, my Xbox wouldn't turn on! I tried plugging it into a different wall outlet but it still refused to turn on. I tried turning on my Xbox manually by pressing the button on it instead of using the controller, but again, it didn't work. Then, I noticed that the power brick had no light on. "Well at least I narrowed the problem down to the power block." I thought to myself as I grabbed the block and unhooked it from the Xbox and outlet. That was my biggest mistake. Right as I unhooked the block from the wall, I felt a burning sensation all over my hand. When I looked down, I saw the most horrifying sight of my entire life.  


ANTS! ANTS!! ANTS!!!! Hundreds, thousands of tiny ants were pouring out of the power brick! So many, in fact, that I couldn't even see the brick. On top of that, I could barely see my fingers. I was holding it in a cradle fashion so the brick was touching my stomach/chest area as well. Ants were swarming my hands, arms, chest, and pants at this point! As soon as I realized what was happening, I literally jumped up in the air (dropping the block of course, scattering at least 1000 more ants all across the floor) while shouting "JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!!!" I shook my hand hard while using the other to swipe off as many as I could. Then, still screaming and swearing at the top of my lungs, I proceeded to literally rip off my clothes while simultaneously running up the stairs. Mary and Rex had just run over to the top of the basement stairs when they saw me screaming, running, and tearing my clothes off. I ran up those stairs so fast and I plowed right through them as they both let out little yelps as they fell down on opposite sides of me. I proceeded into the garage and grabbed the bug spray. It said it was for flying insects but I figured it would work anyways, and thank God it did. I sprayed my arms and brushed off the last remaining ants. I stood there, catching my breath and watched the remaining ants as they shriveled up and died. I was furious. I always got and hated the feeling of something crawling on my skin when watching insect documentaries and such but this time, it was real. And they killed my Xbox. Now, I was going to kill them all. As I went inside with the can of bug spray and a rubber mallet in hand, I heard a scream at the top of the basement stairs and then proceeded to get plowed over by Mary and Rex (guess I deserved that). She ran upstairs into our bedroom with Rex in her arms and hid in there with him for the next few hours. I got back up and proceeded to spray my pants which where lying on the basement stairs and then went into the basement to unleash vengeance. I moved slowly inward determined not to miss a single ant. I smashed all the stragglers with the mallet before moving on to their base of operations, my Xbox power brick. It was still COMPLETELY covered in those tiny motherfuckers. Even around it, a carpet of ants ran around looking for whatever had disturbed them. It was here that I unleashed my weapon of mass destruction upon them until the supply was all but empty. The ones outside the block got blown away as they got hit by the gas of death, but I didn't care. I was going to insect bomb the whole house no matter what and then deep clean the place afterwards. I watched as the ones inside the block came crawling out before curling up and dying. Vengeance was so very sweet at that moment.  


A few hours later, I washed out the remaining dead and dying ants with purified water at the sink and watched with a grin as their lifeless bodies spiralled into the drain. After drying the block I decided to try and see if it worked because why not? And to my surprise, my Xbox booted right up! It was a small victory during that horrifying experience but one that I gladly took. The only bad part was, my left hand was bitten to shit and I couldn't play anyway. Plus, the feeling of ants crawling on my skin was ever present for the next few days. Even today, while writing this book, I've had to swipe across all parts of my body because I keep feeling those little shits all over me.  

EDIT: Formatting, gave name to SO.  


EDIT 2: Wow this blew up! Thank you for the support, tips, and taking the time to read through my harrowing story! I left out some details because I felt the story was long enough as it was, but due to popular demand, here is some more information:  


It's been over a month since the traumatic event. Right after making sure my Xbox was still working, I made absolutely sure that there were no more ants inside any of my devices on top of the table. My PC, PS4, Xbox, router, and monitors were all completely disassembled (I didn't find any signs of life within them). As for the power brick, I stripped the crap out of two screws so unfortunately, I was not able to clean it out thoroughly. Instead, I left the brick submerged in purified water for a couple of days to make sure that it anything living inside it would drown (more dead ants floating in the water the day after). I also bug bombed the entire house before we left for work about a week later. Both before and after, I did not see a single live ant anywhere in the house.  
As for the door, I still don't know how it got open but I've come to the conclusion that I had opened it sometime during the next day while I was still drunk/hungover.  

More formatting.  

 


TL;DR:  


I didn't clean up after a small get together which fed a colony of ants that ended up moving into my Xbox. Proceeded to get covered in ants while trying to find out what was wrong./nThis fuckup didn’t happen today but I’m paying for it right now. 
My wife (or maybe ex-wife) usually works during the day while I work nights and weekend so we don’t really meet in terms of having time for the hanky pankies. She runs a daycare (this is important) and we have a ton of brand new toys stored in our basement for the business. Well me being me and bored I came across hundreds of boxes of crayons. In my never ending boredom after coloring stuff I was thinking what if I melt this into shapes. I’m not gonna explain how exactly I made these molds in my workshop because that’s more of a diy tutorial. Anyways after about 15 attempts of melting and molding, I finally make the perfect crayoladick. Then I started mixing colors etc. eventually I had made about 50 of these all different colors and sizes. So we have this dog named Bonkers and he’s a curious son of a dog. He roams free around the house and must have snuck in and grabbed one behind my back. Now you know how I said we work different shifts. Well wife home from work and I’m on my weekend shift still (Friday - Sunday) and my wife starts blowing up my phone. I guess Bonkers had dropped it in the toilet and wife found it thinking I was using it. Now I’m being accused of cheating on her with the crayons. She wouldn’t answer my calls so I text her that I made these in the garage. It doesn’t go over so well when she find 50 melted crayons phaluses in which I used the daycare’s crayons to make them. I’m heading home soon and I haven’t talked to wife since she found them. 

Update: Obviously didn’t happen today. I’ll start by answering some questions first. 

-This isn’t a throwaway account, it was my lurker account. I made it to call somebody out on a post (see my first account post) and I just kinda never logged out. 

-The wife owns the building, it is not a home daycare. 

-This isn’t the first time I’ve done something stupid with the daycare toys out of pure boredom, last time I used a needle and some wire to make a necklace out of doll heads. Wife was not amused.
 
-I invested about 6 hours of my free time on this crayon melting project. 

-It took about 40ish crayons to fill the biggest mold I produced. 

So the update. Wife wouldn’t speak to me when I got home, she had taken all of my creations and destroyed them leaving the pieces in a plastic storage bin. It was the first thing I saw when I walked into the living room. Now it’s morning and she wants us to do marriage counseling and thinks I should see a therapist as well. 
I’m a master electrician and I guess wife just doesn’t understand my messed up humor sometimes. 
I never thought I’d get so many responses and upvotes on my original post. I’m not sure why it got deleted but I didn’t delete it. 

TLDR: Molded penises out of crayons. Wife found them. Got home, found bin of destroyed crayon penises. Slept on couch with Bonkers. Wife wants to do marriage counseling and me to see a therapist./nI’ve been married almost a year, and while the marriage is spectacular, and the wedding was 96% perfect, there was one significant issue that I can’t vent about to anyone in my real life, so I’ll share here:

My nipples.

When I first got engaged, I showed a friend a picture of a couture wedding gown with a very deep v neck. I have tiny titties for the first time in my life (breast reduction), and was excited to try out some styles I had previously felt were off limit. My friend was so excited for me, and said that her mom could make the dress and would love to do it for me as a wedding present. I gratefully accept, and am totally pumped.

We do my measurements a year out. Three months before my wedding, I come by for a fitting and there’s definitely the start of the beginning of a garment there. She’s doing this for me for free, as a huge favor, so I stay chill.

One week before my wedding, I make the trek down to where the friends mother lives, and it’s like 75% done? I’m a little concerned about the neckline, and I ask her to try and get the fabric to lay as close to my skin and as flat on my skin as possible. I refuse to panic. If nothing works out, I’ll wear my mom’s wedding dress and it’ll be fiiiiine. I’m not like a regular bride, I’m a chill bride!

THE DAY BEFORE my wedding, my friends mom express ships the dress to me. It’s here! My dream dress! So excited!

In the rush of everything, I don’t have time to try the dress on until I’m putting it on for the ceremony. All my friends tell me how great it looks, and it does look great,- if I’m standing absolutely stock still and standing straight up.

However, as I go through our wedding day I realize that this shit /does not fit at all/. It’s mostly fine through the ceremony, but a big chunk of stitching comes undone during the after ceremony pictures. Whatever, it’s in a place I can hide! This is fine! Everything’s fine.

Then the reception. Lord, the reception. There’s a picture of me dancing with my dad, and he has this expression on his face that so clearly reads “I love you, im very happy for you, I support this marriage, however I can see both of your nipples in this moment and I am not especially pleased”. During the first dance I flash everyone. Everyone. My grandparents? Here’s yo descendant’s titties! Godmother? I know you haven’t seen them since I was a baby, but hey, here they are! Creepy uncle? Sure, why the fuck not, get an ogle in. In the video of our first dance, you can see my husband slowly figure out what’s going on and kind of clamp his hand to my chest towards the end to protect the remaining scraps of my modesty.

I got super drunk, decided everyone had already seen everything they could possibly see, gave up on caring and danced my ass off.

I wrote my friends mom a thorough thank you note and offered to reimburse her for the fabric costs.

Lessons? Idk, look a gift horse in the mouth sometimes. I’d seen things that my friends mom had made before and they were incredible, but I think maybe she put off my dress till the last minute and did a rush job. I should have faced the music a little earlier and at least bought some boob tape in case everything didn’t work out the way I was desperately hoping they would. Learn from my lesson: if someone wants to do something for you for your wedding, or for anything else, really, it’s okay to have desires to express them. I should have pushed her more to have more done at the three month appointment, and sounded the alarm more urgently when the neckline didn’t fit at the final fitting.

But all in all, the wedding was hella fun, and the pictures turned out great! 

I’m not sharing pictures because I’d be mortified if my friends mom found this post from a picture.

Tl;dr I trusted a friends mom too much to make my wedding dress and wound up displaying my baby nozzles to me and my husband’s entire group of family and friends/nAlright, guys. I really didn’t expect [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/avmf13/tifu_by_having_my_devout_muslim_parents_find_my/) to blow up, but needless to say, it did.

Before I begin, and I’m putting this BEFORE I write the update so that it’s being read, I need to clear a few things up.

I know that Muslim extremists exist. I’d be an idiot if I denied it. But so do extremists of other religions. Devout does not equal extremist. My parents would never send me to my death, for everyone who was worried about an honor killing happening. They’re afraid of even the slightest conflict. I’ve had people in my family sent to live in the motherland for a few months to “learn” the old ways, that’s about it. As I mentioned in my original post, my parents love me. They wouldn’t KILL me. Jesus, guys. Basically, what I’m saying is that honor killings are conducted by extremists. My family is religious, not extreme. I’m going to live. Chill. 

Also, I really appreciate all the hints/help/tips/etc. I'm still in disbelief that so many people have offered me a place to stay, and others with such helpful and lovely messages. You guys rock. The world isn't so bad after all, huh?


**Now, the update**:


So one part that I forgot to mention in the updates on the original post was that I zoomed out of the house as quickly as I could because it turns out that my mom not only found my alcohol stash, but also a few condoms. After she found my alcohol, I guess she went through the rest of my stuff and dug deep (*real* deep -- I mean that shit was hidden in Hades' rectum) to uncover all my sinful secrets.   

Now, before everyone starts calling me a whore (and I happened to get a good number of people messaging me, calling me exactly that), those condoms have been in my bag for ages. My college had their annual involvement fair and our health services department threw 'em around like candy. Lady at the booth tossed me a few. "Never know when you'll need 'em", she told me.   

Anyway, it wasn't until this morning that I found out that she found the condoms. They weren't where I had hidden them. And that's when I panicked. I had to leave the house. Alcohol’s one thing, but sex is a whole different ballgame. No, thanks.   

As I mentioned before, my parents called me a bunch of times before I finally called back. The last straw was when my mom called my workplace asking to be transferred to me.

She got me.

I hung up on her and called her from my cellphone. I caved. Went home. If I hadn't, I wouldn't have been able to focus at work. Told my boss my parents were spam calling me and I really needed to get home, and that I'd be right back. Fortunately, she was more than understanding.  

Cut to me arriving home -- my parents are sitting at the kitchen table. My dad's staring into his coffee, leaning on his hand. My heart dropped to my stomach. I feel like absolute garbage for disappointing him. Mom was trying to diffuse the tension by making small talk. Dad went to the room to lay down. He couldn't even look at me. Which, sadly worked out because I couldn't bare to face him. It broke my heart knowing that I permanently messed up our relationship.  

I sat down with my mom. She didn't waste a second getting right to it. "I want you to be clear and honest with me. I'm your mother, and I can tell if you're lying, so please just don't hide anymore". Her voice was quivering as she said this, which threw me off guard. I promised I would, which I didn't, which in turn made me feel shitty, but it's better than what would've have gone down if I had been honest.  

"Are you seeing anyone? From work or from college?" No mention of the alcohol yet. Like I said, sex is a whole different ballgame. Anyways, I told her no, I wasn’t. I explained to her exactly where I got those condoms from (Booth Lady), and played dumb., "I didn't know how to dispose of those things, and I figured you'd think something if you had seen them in the trash, so I just hid them in my bag because I didn't know what else to do with them." A whole lot of playing dumb and convincing her that “I-would-never-let-a-man-touch-me” occurred before she believed me. She was holding her breath this whole time, and as soon as I explained myself, she broke down. "I can forgive you for the alcohol but the most important thing for us women is keeping our bodies pure and keeping away from bad men." In my head, I rolled my eyes, but I also needed her to believe me, so I feigned being offended that she didn't think that I believed the same thing as her.  

The alcohol was mentioned next. I had to come semi-clean about this; I knew I couldn't expect all-around wins. I explained to her that while I was packing to move out last semester, my old roommate gave me the six-pack since she didn't like it (and yes, it was Black Cherry!). There was one bottle gone. I told her I just wanted to try it, that I was surrounded by people drinking all the time, so I wanted to see what the hype was all about, but that it was stupid of me to do so. I apologized for disrespecting both her and my dad in their own house, as they're the ones who've raised me, taken care of me, fed me, and kept a roof over my head. This, I genuinely meant. I apologized for disappointing them.  

The clothes were explained as me finding them in the laundry room at college last semester, and I decided just to keep them, for the hell of it. Somehow, she believed it. I won’t question it. 

A little bit of lecturing naturally occurred. She mentioned being disappointed, and I cried a little, partly because of relief, and partly because I felt bad. I don’t know what would’ve happened if I had been completely honest. I’m just glad that my explanations were believable. 

At the end of the day, this was a FU that happened because I'm a fucking idiot. It was only a matter of time until I got caught. I knew I'd have to find a different hiding place for those things but I never got around to it. I won't make any excuses for my dumb-fuckery. 

Note: Everyone saying the real FU was getting caught with Mike’s of all things is absolutely correct. Couldn't I have been caught with a bottle of Grey Goose at least?

Note II: I'm Bangladeshi, for all of those who were curious. Dunno why everyone assumed I was Pakistani  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

Note III: I'm surprised as to how so many people thought I was a guy. All those comments / messages gave me a good chuckle. Huh. 

TL;DR: Lied a little, confessed a little. I get to still live at home. /nIn rare form, this happened today...about 90 minutes ago. My wife got up early to run a few errands and left me to tend the children when they awoke. They both (4.5-year-old boy and 2-year-old girl) bounced into our bedroom a bit before 7 in their typical energetic and get up and go attitude. We recently opened a coffee shop, and along with our other business, I have been especially tired in the mornings lately. I used our Google Home to turn a Netflix show on the downstairs TV and sent the kiddos down while I got dressed and turned off lights, sound machines, etc. The boy went down, but our girl, who has been incredibly needy for the past month or so since we opened the shop, wanted to wait with me. I started taking care of things and getting her ready to go down as well, and she was hanging on my legs for almost the whole process. Before we descended, I needed to relieve the nighttime bladder buildup...and the FU commences.

We go into the bathroom and she is still hanging on me. She does this occasionally, so no worries. With my super-dad skills of multitasking (lies), I pull out my phone to browse reddit for a few seconds while I go, because heaven forbid I just stand there for a few seconds doing nothing like a sucker. A few seconds later, it dawns on me that I am not hearing the splash of liquid any more. I look down to see that my daughter had exercised her keen curiosity by leaning over the toilet bowl to look inside...and I was peeing directly on her head.

Her head...her hair...her dress...completely drenched in 4-5 seconds of full-force morning urine. I freak out and quickly get her in the tub where I put he directly beneath the faucet to wash her off. She is bawling her eyes out the whole time. I rinse her off for a few seconds and then pick her up to hold her because she is begging "hold me hold me" and I am not a monster. I am not sure whether or not I got the pee all off of her by the time I picked her up. There's a pretty good chance I have my own urine on my skin. Good times.

TL;DR Browsed reddit while peeing because I am an ADD media addict, and I ended up peeing all over my daughter.

EDIT: TIL that many people are completely freaked out by the idea of your child seeing you naked/peeing even though you pee and see other people pee in public restrooms all the time and your kid is used to you watching them/helping them learn how to pee.

And thanks for making this post...um...golden.  (yeah, totally stole that joke from multiple comments)/nSo. This happened a few weeks ago but I’ve been meaning to post this story here since. It all begins when I found a few giant puffball mushrooms out in the woods. For those unfamiliar with a giant puffball. They are gigantic white and delicious mushrooms that look like this.  https://imgur.com/gallery/Mnay6 my fuckup comes while I was frying some up the next night. I seasoned them in breadcrumbs and cheese and ate a bunch of them. I thought they tasted a bit off but didn’t think much of it and went to bed. At 3 AM I was awoken by one of the worst upset stomachs I’ve ever had. I rushed to the bathroom and had a real bad time in there. I immediately thought that I was poisoned by the mushrooms and began frantically doing research online. I would have been in a lot of trouble if I incorrectly identified a mushroom and ate as much of
It as I did. Luckily I was safe on that front as giant puffballs are one of the easiest wild mushrooms to identify. So, I began thinking about the entire cooking process the night before when it hit me. I used castor oil to cook them in. I had purchased it at the Indian food store a couple weeks prior and had just run out of olive oil. At the time, neither me or my girlfriend had any idea what castor oil was or what effect it had on the human digestive system. For those who don’t know, castor oil is used in medicine as a natural laxative. It has been considered  a cure to constipation for years. The label on the bottle I bought had no indication that it was used for that purpose and I in fact just thought it was a traditional Indian cooking oil. So. I spent the rest of the day near or
In the bathroom and learned a very valuable lesson. Don’t cook with castor oil. 

TLDR; cooked a giant mushroom with laxative oil. /nRemoved due to personal threats in my inbox, not worth sharing my story if that's what I get. Thanks for the laughs some of you gave me in the comments./nThis happened last night
My boyfriend asked me to shave his back hair and like the title implies I agreed.
Holy crap does he have a ton back hair...All I had was a 3 blade razor, a beauty bar, and dreams. 
As I started to get to work I realized just how intense this was going to be so I started cracking jokes to deal with the never ending hairs starting to take over my body like some itchy black desease, 
It was uncomfortable to stand and do it so I had to kneel with his ass directly in my face as hes hunched over dieing laughing as i descend FURther into madness.
After about a half an hour and about 18,000 burned calories from all of the shaving motions... Me, my soap, my razor, every near by vicinity of our shower and its curtain, and most likely the deep recesses of time and space are being swallowed up by the black fuzz.
They got in my hair, some got into my mouth and then my eyes started burning HIS BACK HAIR GOT INTO MY EYES. 
This caused him to laugh even further and now I'm apperently the very esteemed back shaving wife because this is my life now i guess.

TL:DR
Don't agree to shave a werewolf or you'll be stuck doing it forever, also it might blind you.

Edit: for everyone telling me to use a trimmer, he lost his and needed it done so I just resigned myself to my fate, definately know what I'm getting him for this winter gift giving holiday though!

Edit 2: WOW goodness you all sure know how to make me feel like a celebrity! Ive never had a more popular post! Thanks guys and to all you hairy peeps out there, you the booommmbbb!

Edit 3: guys ive never had gold before thank you! Also never thought my most popular post would be about shaving my S/Os back, this rocks! :)

Edit 4: HOLY CRAP THIS BLEW UP. I didn't even know reddit platinum was a thing but thank you so much for your kindness!
To broadly answer a few questions, 

1. a lot of people have recommended the Bakblade and it seems really nifty! Were definately going to be looking into it!

2. We would use nair but hes got kinda sensitive skin and he'll break out :( 

Thanks again guys, your input and thoughtfulness has made me and the hubbs very flattered, I love you reddit <3
/nBoys, let me start by saying that I am a fuck up and also one of the most unlucky guys in history .... Here is my legendary prowess with girls displayed in its magnificence. So this week, I worked hard on tinder. I was on it like gravy on poutine and for about 1 1/2 weeks I tried using all of my ''like'' bank every day. Match match / talk talk ... I managed to get into a good place with 2 girls; we'll call them Marie and Margaret .... 2 beautiful girls, both seem fun to hang out with. The problem is that I have no improvisation game so I made a plan, a template of sorts, and I use the same kind of conversation topics/jokes for each girls, as usual. Fortunately, my plan is good and it makes me look like a good / funny guy who is real dateable so I use it on the 2 m's ... I managed to close and according to the plan I have a casual date Friday night with Margaret and Monday night with Marie (Ma favorite she was really of my taste) ... Dudes, I have not had any formal action with a girl for about a year; Not even a spicy conversation so I tell myself that more opportunity = more possibility. At worst, I grab a beer with a nice girl, have a good conversation, practice my social skills and go home alone; At best, it works and I find myself a girlfriend.... Now comes the juicy part... I ask Margaret if it's ok if we grab a drink at the local bar very casually after her work but Marie texts me suddenly saying this: "Okkkk we won't be up for the date anymore. When you date several girls at the same time make sure they do not know each other! ".............. Fuck me sideways, they are roommates ...I have been having the same conversation/jokes with both of them at the same time. Now I feel small in my shorts and I'm going to masturbate while drinking tequila until I sleep tonight. Ashamed and sad, I think i deserved it this time; Cheers!

**TL;DR I tried to have 2 tinder dates with 2 separate girls on 2 separate nights, turns out they are roomates**
Edit: formating/nThrowaway account for obvious reasons. 

Obligatory didn’t happen today, and the story starts about 15 years ago. 

My grandmother gifted me a stuffed animal puppet of Disney’s Simba from the Lion King when I turned 5 years old, and it was pretty sizable, about my size at that age. I loved that stuffed animal and slept with it every night. 

At around 11 or 12 years old, my budding sexuality had begun to rear its ugly head, and I was really into sticking my penis into things. At this point I didn’t know what masturbating was, I just felt compelled to pork whatever happened to be lying around. This went on for a while, until one fateful night, I was lying in bed with my Simba Puppet. You see, Simba had a flap on the back of his head that opened and allowed for someone to stick their hand into Simba’s mouth to make him talk. I obviously did not stick my hand into Simba’s mouth, but elected to skull fuck the back of his head instead. 

I remember that night like it was yesterday. I stuck it in and began to thrust, got 2 pumps in before I started to feel a weird sensation building up. I stopped because I didn’t know what was happening. Tried a few more times, never quite getting to that climactic first finish. But then, I became emboldened, and decided I should see it through. On the 7th pump I exploded right in Simba’s kisser, freaked out, and ran to the bathroom to make sure I could still pee because I thought I might’ve broken my penis. 

Sex education in Texas is not great. 

My romantic encounters with my puppet became more and more frequent as I got older until I was gifted a fleece blanket, which I decided might be a little less weird than fucking a Disney animal puppet. I stored him in my closet and forgot about our nights together. 

Fast forward about 10 years, my family is getting ready to move, and I’m in college, so my parents pack up everything in my room. Everything. Apparently they found the puppet in the closet, went to joke around and use it, and discovered a lovely film of decade old semen. They threw Simba away. 

I still get made fun of at family gatherings to this day. 

TL;DR skull fucked a Simba puppet for a while. Family found out and now I’m the token furry. 

Edit: Holy cow this blew up. Thank you so much for silver! I don’t know if I should be happy or concerned that so many other people have had this same experience. 

Some of you guys have asked how my parents would know it was spunk. I fucked simba a lot for a long time. By the time someone stuck their hand in, it was crusty and stiff, so I can only imagine they knew I was either hoarding mayonnaise or blasting in it regularly. /nUnlike other TIFUs, this indeed happened today. Just a few minutes ago, actually. And yes, this is a throwaway for reasons. 

&#x200B;

It's Sunday afternoon, and it's a pretty lazy day here at my house. The husband indicates that he's in the mood for bedroom activities, and while I didn't particularly feel the need for carnal relations, I thought - what the hey, there's nothing better to do. 

&#x200B;

So I put the two kiddos (10 and 12 yo girls) on the Netflix (She-Ra, because fuck yeah, girl power!), and we proceeded to the bedroom activity portion of this FU. 

&#x200B;

Well, this is the portion of my story where I realize that my FU may have actually been last night. Because last night is when I forgot to take my meds. It happens more often than it should, really. I'm a teacher, and it's summer time, and so forgetting to take my meds happens more often when I'm not on a regular schedule (and yes, I have a reminder in my phone, but sometimes I'm playing games and I turn off the alarm, thinking that I'll remember when I'm done with this level, but I never do...)

&#x200B;

So anywhat, the husband starts his dirty finger dance on the honeypot, and I'm trying to get into it, but my mind is bouncing around like a Cirque d'Soylay trapeze dancer. Should my new Pathfinder be a human or half-elf? What about Trump and his assholeyness? I wonder how many pics we took in Bryce Canyon this week... We should really finish our moving plans soon. (You know, the stupid stuff your mind isn't supposed to think about while your clit is being dj'ed). 

&#x200B;

After a couple of minutes, I finally just tell the hubs that he might as well just jump right on in and do what needs doing, because he might as well finish his deed since mine won't get done right now. So he obliges, but then starts taking his sweet time. I try to find a way to tell him, in not so many words, to just "Wham bam, thank you ma'am" and call it good, but the first words that come to mind pop out: 

&#x200B;

"Bop it!" 

&#x200B;

I instantly start giggling, then follow up with 

"Twist it." 

"Flick it." 

&#x200B;

At first, the hubs tries to power through. But my giggles turned into hysterical laughing. I'm talking the kind where you're holding your stomach, sounding like a flock of Canadian goose migrating south for the winter. 

&#x200B;

Needless to say, his ability to "Bop it" deflates, and he's now in the shower, I'm assuming finishing the job himself with fewer distractions. I went and took my med, and hopefully I have better focus-ability to make it up to him later. 

&#x200B;

TL:DR - Forgot my meds, failed to focus on sexy times, and now I'll never be able to play "Bop It" with a straight face again in my life./nSo I am using a throwaway as my cousin reads reddit and I don’t wanna make things awkward. 

I am staying with my aunt and uncle for summer break and my uncle runs a small seafood business where I help out thrice a week. So one of my co-worker jokingly told me that you could use the head of the squid to masturbate and it would feel close to  the real deal.

Being an idiot, I decided to try it because why not right? I went to his store in the morning to get a suitable squid head before my uncle reached and once I had found one, I used to it to do the deed in the toilet. To be honest, it wasn’t great and I wouldn’t advice anyone to try it. 

Upon ejaculation, I knew I needed to get rid of it but I couldn’t flush it down the toilet. Once I came out to bring it to the disposal area, my uncle came and asked me what was I doing. In a panic I told him that this particular squidhead was a little dirty and I rinsed it. He took it from me and placed it together with the rest of the squidheads.

I was worried as it is a massive breech of health regulations and wanted to clear it as soon as I could. Unfortunately, my uncle kept piling me with work and by the time I was back, I realised all the squids had been sold.

It’s killing me on the inside and I needed to let it out.

TL;DR I MASTURBATED INTO A SQUID HEAD AND IT WAS SOLD BEFORE I COULD STOP IT
/nSo [this happened](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/33vakm/tifu_by_holding_in_my_farts_whilst_in_bed_with/) to me nearly a year ago, and so here's an update, especially for you guys:
/u/BestCritplankNA
/u/GodOfGhosts
/u/ivan82
/u/taliesynD
/u/RileeTM
/u/brandonmreid
/u/PocketSizedPeanut

Well, we've been together this whole time and many of you suggested that I marry her. So that's what's happening. In June. Besides the shit that went down on that fateful day, being around her has been an absolute blast and we haven't been happier.

Just thought I'd share some happiness that came out of a thoroughly crappy situation. 

Peace out, Reddit! :)/nActually today.

My wife has a fancy pink vibrating toy that we bust out on occasion during sexy times.  After we wrap up, I usually throw it on the floor next to the bed and wash and put it away the next morning.

Today I was feeling lazy, and didn't do it first thing, so it was sitting in the open on the floor. We got up, got the 2yo daughter out of bed and started our morning.  The wife started going in and out of our room doing whatever and I was sitting on the couch right outside our bedroom door when our daughter followed the wife into our room.  I hear a happy toddler's scream of "Nemo!" followed a second later by the wife's shriek of "Noooo."

I hop up and run around the corner and see my daughter happily kissing her mother's toy. It's pink, it looks nothing like a fish, so what in the actual hell, I don't know.  I snatch it away for a cleaning, the wife snatches the baby away for her own cleaning and we both kinda looked at each other and decided never to speak of it again.

TLDR: Nemo wasn't hiding, and was found and kissed by my daughter./nThis did not happen today, it was about a month ago actually, but I just thought of posting this here now, so here we go.    
So, a little bit of context, I am an Intern at a small company that makes Labels for a great variety of products.   
I work at the digital printing section, and one of my functions there is to set up the label arts and send them to the printer (a very large industrial printer) for the operators to print.   
Another thing that I do is set up "databases" for a few local governament tags that we also print there, these tags are for bus parts identification (I believe they are used in storage), and come with a barcode and a identification number, that is different in each one. So I send these "databases" to the printer, that contain all the barcodes and id numbers, that will later be printed. Almost forgot to say that the material these tags are printed on is extremely expensive, and the company only buys the exact quantity it will use each time.   
One day at work, about 30 minutes before my time to leave, my supervisor tells me to make one of those databases before I leave, so they could print it later, I say ok, and start doing it. It takes me about 25 minutes to do everything, so I send it and leave without checking if everything was right ( I always check after, because it is easy to make small mistakes).   
Next day I get to work and go to the cafeteria to eat breakfast, and hear a conversation about something that happened yesterday with those expensive tags, I immediately go to my workstation and ask my supervisor what happened. He then proceds to show me the printed tags were ALL without the id numbers, literally a blank space where the numbers should be. So I go check on the database, and really takes me long to find what was wrong, it was one spacebar that I must have clciked on accident right on the beggining, that made the printer not read the entire file, resulting in what was printed. So we threw it all in the thrash.  
After talking with the manager of the production line, I find out that the total loss in material was of about 7 Thousand dollars(converted from my countrys currency) , not even counting the ink and time wasted. Later that day the boss and owner of the company came down to yell at us for the colossal fuckup.  

Note: English is not my main language, so it took me ages to write this, I hope I explained the situation well enough, comment if have any questions.  

TL;DR: Clicked a spacebar, printed a bunch of thrash and lost 7 Thousand dollars for the company.    

Edit: For the people asking if they could print just the Id number over the tags, it was not possible, the barcodes were printed, but with the wrong information.  

Edit2: Mandatory silver edit! Thank you, kind stranger for my first Reddit silver!

Edit3: Thanks for the Gold!!! Also my first one /nOK so about an hour ago I was woken up by my girlfriend who was adamant the cat was acting wierd. It's almost 3 in the morning so I'm all for ignoring it and going back to sleep but nope she want me to go see if he's been sick somewhere.

Alright fine I'll humour the damn cat and go see what he wants 

The second I walk out into the hall I know something isn't right and then I spot it....just to my left the door handle is about halfway down and the door is about to open or shut and I have no idea which.

Now I'm not a physically intimidating guy by any stretch of the imagination but my girlfriend and yoing child are inside so I'm not waiting to see what's on the other side of that door. I wedge my foot as hard as I can against the bottom of the door pull the handle up and twist the key all in one motion but by the time I'm looking out the peep whole they are gone. 
I hear who ever it was run out into the street at top speed. (Thank God) 

But now a new problem, we're they going out or coming in? 

The first one is fine I stopped them getting in and no one got hurt and they have now ran away at top speed. 

The second one though.....this has me worried that they weren't alone.

I start to search the flat....no one seems to be here. good thank fuck, honestly I wasn't thinking about what might happen if I found someone. 

I go to our bedroom and let my girlfriend know everything is OK but someone tried to get in..

I call the police and they take a few details and ask if everything is OK. I let them know no one is here and that they didn't get in. 

About 15 mins go by, the whole time I'm shaking and checking all the rooms over and over, then i get a phone call good news they caught them.....yup them two of them and they ask a question that get my heart going again. 

Are you missing a wallet?.... I don't think so I'm sure they weren't even inside. But I don't know for sure 

Sure enough I check my coat pocket that's in the living room at the opposite end of the flat from the front door and it's gone. They were inside and not only that they had gone through my jacket and God knows what else. 

The police arrive shortly after to give me my wallet back and take a statement. Apparently these guy were off there face on drugs but managed to mission impossible through my flat without making a sound. They were caught on cctv trying to get into parked cars in the area. 

Thank God the cat was acting shifty he's getting to sleep in the bed tonight. 

Lesson of the day CHECK YOU DOOR AT NIGHT. 
Don't take it for granted that someone else locked it.
 

TLDR: didn't check the door and two drugged up "youths" got into my flat stole my wallet and almost got away with it. If it hadn't been for that pesky cat. /nThe obligatory this actually happened last Friday. I met up with a guy from Tinder (we'll call him Tim) for a date. It was actually going pretty well, we had stuff in common and didn't seem as awkward as most dates. Drinks start flowing, I'm having a good time, and the night moves on. 

After we got to the 3rd bar he looks at his phone and says "hey, my best friend (we'll call him Steve) is in the area, would you mind if he stopped by for a drink?" I was having a good time and didn't care so told him to invite him over. 

We proceed to another bar where Steve is going to meet us. I then kick Tims ass at Street Fighter and am still having fun, oblivious to what's about to happen. 

In walks Steve and the world stops. I immediately recognize the guy. How you ask? Because a week prior I was talking with Steve on Tinder, we made tentative plans to meet. When the day came and he contacted me to confirm plans, I just wasn't feeling it. So I was a shitty asshole of a human and blew him off by not responding and just deleted him. Trust me, I know it was an awful thing to do and Karma chewed my ass right back...

So Steve walks up to us and it's awkward as fuck. Tim introduces us and instead of saying the usual "hi" he starts laughing and shaking his head. He says he needs a drink and walks off. I immediately tell Tim what happened and take credit for being a shit stain for doing that to Steve. Tim just awkwardly laughed and didn't say much. 

Steve returns, it continues to be weird as fuck (I deserve it). I try to cut the tension and just straight up apologized to Steve for being a douche bag. Tension got worse. Nobody was saying anything. I had to get out of that situation for a bit so I announce that I'm gonna use the ladies room. It's notoriously nasty in this joint so I leave my jacket behind. 

When I came back both Tim and Steve were gone, and they took my jacket with them. Thankfully bartender saw the whole thing so didn't charge me for their tab, I tipped him well to start being a decent human. 

TLDR: I blew off a tinder date, then a week later ran into him whilst on a date with his best friend. Got ditched and my jacket was stolen. 

Edited for further clarification: 1) To clarify for several people and the haters. I didn't stand Steve up or leave him waiting anywhere, we had nothing solidly planned and I just didn't respond when he messaged to make plans. I feel like I took the higher road and not only told Tim about it, but I straight up apologized to Steve as well. 2) I still highly doubt the whole thing was planned. Why would Tim spend several hours with me having what seemed to be a decent time, just to mess with me and ditch me? He honestly seemed like a good guy and up until the ditching and jacket incident. 

Update 1: I called Tim and he HASN'T blocked my number. I left a friendly enough voicemail so will update if he calls back. 

Update 2: Thanks for the gold!!! :) Was honestly not expecting this to blow up the way it has. All of these comments add to the hilarity of this whole story, even the shitty ones. You guys crack me up! Still no word from Tim though. 

Update 3: This story just keeps getting better and better. Tim called me back! Super busy at work right now so I'll update details when I have time later today. 

Update 4: Sorry all, work was just insane today.. So Tim called me back! Here's what he told me: when I went to the bathroom Steve flipped out, grabbed my jacket and left out the backdoor.  Tim goes to follow Steve to calm him down and to get my jacket back because (obviously) it's just stupid he took it.  Steve starts running, so does Tim, they get into a bit of a live Street Fighter match and Tim's phone gets busted during this process.  By the time he returned to the bar I was gone and he couldn't get ahold of me until today when he got his phone back.  He also paid the bar tab.  Apparently the bartender was dying when he heard this whole story and was prepared to tell me what happened to Tim, but I never went back to that bar.  He has the famous jacket and we have a second date planned tomorrow to make up for the craziness of his friend and to return my jacket.  He says Steve is cool with everything now, was just way too drunk, and he way over reacts to everything anyways.  He definitely wants to hang out again, but I've learned my lesson and will be more communicative about actually making plans with people in the future.
TLDR: Steve is in fact a douchebag, Tim is a hero, I got my jacket back.  Bro's before hoe's my ass./nThis literally unfolded over the last few hours

Every other year me, my siblings and my parents take a vacation together. It's a good way to bond since my siblings live in different countries and while i don't exactly agree with my family on many things we all love each other. Well. So I thought. 

It is necessary to point out I am a lesbian and my family are good people but conservative due to their culture (Georgia, the country not the state). Obviously I am closeted. 

We are currently in Europe on vacation and we went out for lunch. On a table across from us sits a girl who occasionally catches my eye and smiles or plays with her hair. That combined with her Ruby and Sapphire t-shirt makes me suspect she might be interested in me. The girl is also mind-numbingly hot, to the point I forget that gaying around in the presence of my family is not a good idea. 

So when we are leaving I find a moment and ask the waiter to pass her a note with my number saying "didn't find the courage to walk up to you. Will you forgive me? ;) " When we walk out of the restaurant I see her reading the note and smiling, SCORE!

We walk to the hotel and I realise my younger brother is not with us. I ask my Dad and he just laughs and says my brother asked to stay behind a little bit. 

Well it turned out my brother stayed behind to sit with the girl and ask her out. She turned him down and he was confused and mentioned how she was totally smiling at him all this time and she just fucking had to go and say "No I was actually flirting with your sis. She gave me her number. Lulz." WTF random European girl 

So my brother stomped up to the hotel and proceeded to tell everyone and we had a huge ass fight with my family and I was backed into the corner and with not much room to lie and suddenly I was fucking done worshipping Georgian "family values" (think a culture similar to Asian i guess) so I told my parents if they won't stop their bullshit and listen to me I was leaving bc I am 23 year old and not here to be yelled at and promised to be grounded. My mother looked me into the eye and told me "if you leave you will never be a part of my family again" and I snapped and said "well fuck you you cruel bitch" (not my proudest moment) grabbed my shit and left

So now I am sitting in a Starbucks and I am honestly kind of numb. I have my wallet, laptop, documents and other important stuff but most of my things are in the suitcase in the hotel room. I am so numb. I knew my parents would react badly if I were found out but I never thought they would disown me. Their unconditional love for me was always my bedrock. Also, I am slowly coming to realise that while I have a job back in Russia that can support me my parents' promise to fund my education in London where my brothers live is now probably moot so - goodbye chances to leave Russia

All because that girl was a stupidly hot blonde wow 

TL;DR: am gay, hit on a girl. brother also hits on a girl, she outs me to him. i get disowned. topkek 

UPD: had to relocate as my starbucks closed. Honestly overwhelmed at the amount of the support that I received in the meantime, thank you for your kind words and messages. I wish I could reply individually but that doesn't seem feasible, but I'll be gathering my life together. My older brother's blowing up my phone - not sure if he's doing it out of his own volition or my parents are using him as messenger so they don't have to compromise their pride. But I am not interested in talking at the moment either way/nWalking towards door. Girl caught my eye. Got distracted. Went into revolving door segment.. 

'Oh shit, I'm dick to ass with some guy who is already in here.'

He looked back at me as if I just shat in his cornflakes and then we both shuffled our feet at breakneck speed because people were still entering the door in the opposite direction.

I tried to laugh it off, but I overplayed the laugh and just kind of did a maniacal laugh like it was some nefarious plot of mine. 

**Edit:** /u/MarkReadsReddit did a [narration of it](https://youtu.be/teglPZ7UrDc). Worth a watch, haha. /nThis happened over the weekend, and that this is my third year celebrating holiday and not too knowledgeable or accustomed to traditions. (reason, am an exJW) This was the second year doing the Elf on the Shelf, last year i forgot to move it several nights; my daughter would wake up and say if she did something wrong or what happened because it didn't move. So this year i came up with the ingenious solution of setting up an alarm for everyday til Christmas, great idea right? She goes to bed at 8pm and my alarm would go off at 12am, i would move it every night and no disappointment! WRONG! After an introductory marathon of Jackie Chan movies that extended past, you guessed it, midnight! My daughter was lying down next to my phone and it went off with the captions MOVE ELF, she saw it and i reached and got the phone, tried to get up and grabbed a SHELF that was by my bedroom door and moved it. She stared at me and said, "Daddy, why did your phone said move elf?" I tried to tell her it said move shelf, not elf. (She is 8, reads extremely well) After many attempts of trying to convince her, i had to come clean. She cried for what felt an eternity and was sad for longer. The upside is that she is a very cool kid and now she says she is glad she knows the truth, because now she can play with her elf "Daisy" and have fun with it, rather than just sitting on there still.

TL;DR Allowed my daughter to stay up past her bedtime after an introductory marathon of Jackie Chan movies and saw my alarm to move her elf on the shelf, she was crushed. But now says she is glad and plays with it, named her "Daisy"

Edit: Rush Hour marathon

Edit2: thanks for all the love and for MY FIRST GOLD in the comments!

Edit 3: EXJW is Ex Jehovah's Witnesses, who aren't allowed to Celebrate anything and I mean anything. Christmas is something that is BAD. So no experience in celebrating now that I'm out of that cult. /nI made the mistake of taking a 9am class this semester. I go to a community college and live about 40 minutes away so if you do the math I have to wake up at least by 8:20am to be on time (what was I thinking?). My class has a good amount of kids, more than the average size but not too large. My teacher has a very monotone voice and speaks slowly so when he was going over a test I did relatively well on I chose not to pay attention (I got a 98 but with the curve it was a hundred). I resorted to r/tifu for entertainment. I was reading the story about the person who glued their butt cheeks together, and of course I had a huge grin on my face and was trying desperately not to laugh as I was reading more of the details. My professor suddenly hits me with the classic "why don't you share with the class what you find so funny?" Since the class was huge I became very embarrassed and tried to defuse the situation with "nothing." It didn't work and the teacher kept pressuring me to make me uncomfortable. I had no choice so I decided to briefly describe what I read "I was laughing at a story on Reddit of this guy glueing his butt cheeks together." My teacher was shocked and the class started dying. I was then asked to leave class and I'm sure my professor hates me now. I later found out that he started a new unit today so I missed all the notes as well.

Here's the butt glueing post I mentioned

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/5gw5oo/tifu_by_gorilla_gluing_my_buttcheeks_together/?st=IWFC4FNP&sh=734ce2aa

Dang guys! Didn't expect this many upvotes thanks to all/nSo I'm a guy who is generally unsatisfied with life currently, and looking for new experiences. So when thinking of something to do with a large bottle of tequila that I absolutely couldn't stand the flavor of, I thought back to when I read about about a bunch of crazy frat boys that invented butt chugging. I thought it'd be perfect because it'd be a crazy new experience and that way I wouldn't taste the tequila. 

I decided on two and a half jiggers administered by a large syringe (not the kind with a needle). I had heard of people overdosing by putting in whole bottles so I wasn't about to be that stupid. With my butt in the air, I began to slowly inject the fluid into my anal cavity. Sure it stung a little bit, but I wasn't deterred. 

I waited and nothing happened.

Finally I decided it was time to expel the stuff and head to bed. That was the hard part. The burning was like a mother puma giving birth in my butthole. The pain in my unhappy intestines began to grow to a roar. Then I began to literally sweat tequila. It was pretty warm in the bathroom, but this was no normal sweat. I could taste the harsh flavor of agave in every drop of sweat that rolled down my face into my mouth. The last stage was desparate contractions of my poo muscles (to be scientific) coupled with nausea and several close calls with emptying my stomach. Well, that and fear, regret, some bargaining with higher powers. 

I was in the bathroom suffering for an estimated 1 1/2 to 2 hours. During this all this i noticed only a vague sensation of alcoholic stupor. I tested myself multiple times to see if I was drunk. No dice.

Yesterday I woke up to serious muscle cramps in my abdomen and a run to the bathroom which resulted in a mess of bloody mucus. I'm still contemplating a hospital visit.

That was on Thursday and my bowels are still sore. I suspect I may have internal burns, but hopefully they'll heal on their own. I dread seeing a doctor because my parents will get the whole story and they still think I'm a decent young man who definitely doesn't drink.



TL:DR I squirted straight tequila into my anus and damaged my insides. 


Edit: For all you lovely people showing concern, I am still alive. My symptoms are currently very mild and seem non-threatening (no blood, only some mild discomfort). A hospital visit is probably not necessary. No, I'm not an alcoholic, but I can see how it could easily happen. No I am not a minor (I turned 21 in may). I am American. I do struggle with depression, but have not purposefully harmed myself in the last four years (I started seeing a psychologist recently anyway). The whole "add salt and lime to your ass hole" joke was probably funny the first time someone posted it on here, and not the other 300 times.

Hope I answered all your questions. :)



  /nObligatory disclaimer: this happened 20 years ago when I was still in my late teens/early 20s. (I'm a male).

Having always been a bit self-conscious about my pale skin, I had started at the time going to a tanning salon. It was always the same two ladies at the front desk and they always gave me great advice. They actually introduced me to a bed that was part water bed and part tanning machine. It soothed me and helped me deal with my crippling anxiety as well as give me a nice gentle tan.

So, one day, I enter the salon and,instead of the two ladies that usually worked there, I saw a girl who looked 15, maybe younger. I asked her where the two ladies were and she told me she was doing an internship at the salon and that the owners were gone for lunch. Well, whatever. I ask her for tokens for the waterbed thingy and that's where shit started to hit the proverbial fan. Teeny girl replied that the waterbed was under maintenance but, wouldn't you know it, they had a brand new tanning bed that I ABSOLUTELY should try. I ask her a bit more about that new bed and she tells me that it's the best they have and that it's called the PowerSun 3000, or something like that. Immediately, I ask her..."Errr, with that name, are you sure I'm going to be fine, given that I'm blonde and pale as fuck?" "Sure, it's extra safe!," she replies. "So, should I book you for 30 minutes?"

Like an idiot, I said yes. Despite all common sense.

So, I entered the cabin and stared at the monster in front of me. It was about twice as big as my usual waterbed thing. Alarm bells immediately start ringing in my head, while the shy part of my brain tried to turn them off. I wasn't about to crawl back to the front desk and ask for a refund. I'm a man, dammit!

So, I took my clothes off. Yes, all of them.

The first ten minutes felt good. Kinda warmish.

The next ten minutes, I started noticing a mild headache.

During the final ten minutes, I was in mild pain and felt as if I had been placed in an industrial oven.

So, I left the tanning bed early. Two minutes early exactly. I had spent 28minutes in that thing.

I walked back home feeling exhausted and aching everywhere, a bit as if I had the flu or something. I went to bed and slept for a bit. When I woke up, I felt pain all over my body. I went to the bathroom and almost screamed when I looked at myself in the mirror. I was naked. While the parts that are always exposed to the sun (face,forearms,etc) looked only reddish, the rest of my body was a nasty shade of bright red. Like, red like the label on a brick of tomato soup.

I went to the doc, obviously, who diagnosed me with a second-degree burn on 85% of my body. He prescribed a cream and paracetamol (Tylenol).

Obviously, the Tylenol did nothing for the pain. Even having a single bedsheet on top of my body was excruciating. I remember once, my lovely cat decided that now was a good time to jump on my legs while I lying in bed. I think the scream that followed must have emotionally scared her for life.

Then, after a while, came the blisters. I had blisters all over my body. They were so large that sometimes they would pop during the night and completely wet the bed due to the liquid contained in them.

I spent hours and hours peeling layers of dead skin off my body. You've never truly loved until you've spent an hour trying to peel off dead skin from your still-painful balls at three in the morning.

All in all, it took me about three to four weeks to feel normal again.

My only regret is that I didn't live at the time in the kind of country where you could sue for millions for stuff like that. At least I could have consoled myself with bundles of cash...

TL/DR: went to a tanning salon and, despite having a sensitive skin, trusted the advice of a 15yo intern who wanted to make a big sale and sent me to the most powerful bed they had, which caused me a 2nd degree burn on most of my body and weeks of pain.

Edit: RIP inbox

Edit 2: yeah, I will check for skin cancer

Edit 3: I live in Belgium. It's normal here for students enrolled in technical or professional schools to alternate between inclass theory and internship at local companies/nSo this happened about 4 years ago when I was in my final year of school, so was about 17/18. 

I was cooking dinner for myself one night, as my mum was upstairs getting ready for an important evening with the CEO of her company, and my dad had taken my sister to see a movie. 

On the menu was curly fries, baked beans, and a couple of burgers i dug out from the freezer. 

Now, usually, if something has been in the freezer for a while, it is not uncommon for food items to stick together. In this case, it was the final two frozen burgers in the packet. Other than sometimes being fiddly to break apart, it is often not too much hassle to do so. Anyway, these burgers were being a bit awkward, and i couldn't separate them with my hands alone. So i reach for something to help me out in getting them apart. To this day i don't know why i grabbed this particular item, but the tool of choice i went for was a nice sharp boning knife. 

I held the burgers in my left hand, and started trying to pry them apart with the knife which was in my right. I wasn't making any headway to begin with, so i pushed a little harder, and a little harder, and a little harder... 

The burgers gave way eventually, but unfortunately, the force that i was applying on the knife was too great for my brain to react quick enough to what was about to happen. The knife separated the burgers, entered my left hand at the knuckle of my pinky finger and exited the base of my ring finger, tearing the tendon as it went. 

After screaming loudly, I proceeded to run in and out of my kitchen, up and down the hallway, up and down the stairs chanting 'Hospital! Hospital! Hospital!' and just gripping my left hand as immediately recognised the severity of my injury.  My mum rushed down the stairs, grabbed a towel to wrap round my heavily bleeding hand, grabbed her keys and rushed me into the car to take me to the hospital. I should note, that in my state of semi-shock at my little finger barely clinging onto the rest of my hand, I started singing Monty Python's 'Always look on the bright side of life' in the car to the hospital while laughing through the pain. 

&#x200B;

Now in the commotion of all this, my mum had abruptly stopped getting ready for her important company dinner, leaving my parents room with make-up utensils still in front of the mirror and the dress she intended to wear still hanging against her wardrobe. Similarly, I had left the curly fries on a tray above the oven, and the frozen burgers defrosting (now on the floor). But, the main thing, was that during running about in my panic state, i had left a surprisingly large trail of blood all about my house. 

My dad arrived back with my sister about 30/40 minutes after my mum and I had left. He walked into a house that had a large splattering of blood in the kitchen/hall/stairway and his son and wife nowhere to be found. 

My dad happens to be a very calm man under pressure. He is former military, and can process things like this very quickly and formulate a plan of action. He rang my mums phone first, which was inevitably forgotten in the rush to leave, as was my phone when he attempted to call that. He tells me that he strongly believed that there was no 'foul play' involved, but that after there were no answer from our mobiles, my younger sister had started to freak out and he thought it was time to call the police, if anything, to try and get them to help him calm her down. 

The police arrived relatively quickly, and had the same opinion of my dad. They quickly radioed through to get in touch with the local hospitals to see if anyone with my name had been brought in recently. They got notification back that there had been, and my dad and sister met us there about 90 minutes after i had arrived. 

&#x200B;

Luckily, the tendon hadn't fully severed, and after getting it all bandaged up, i went back the next day for emergency surgery to repair the tendon and have it sowed back to my hand. Although it healed back and gave me a bit of a webbed finger, the only remnants of the disaster is a pretty nice scar which runs down most of my pinky finger and base of my ring finger.

&#x200B;

tl;dr - TIFU by attempting to separate frozen burgers with an incredibly sharp boning knife, severely cutting open my hand and forcing my dad to call the police because my house had been left to look like a crime scene. 

Edit - If I’ve learnt anything from posting this. It’s that a lot of other people are as dumb as me and have done at least a variation of what I’ve described. F to all of us idiots! /nThis is a throwaway friends know my account and we want to keep this private.

Yes I know it's half not step

So 29 years ago my mother had a at home birth and out popped her only child, me. When filling out all work she refused to give any info on my father so according to the government I don't have a dad. Life growing up wasn't hard my mom was a doctor so financially we were stable my grandma would take care of me and it was overall nice however my mom refused to ever talk about my dad all I knew is he was "a tall son of a bitch".

5 years ago I met the girl of my dreams. Long black hair a lovely face and an amazing body. She was the sweetest thing and seemed to understand me. She was 19 I was 24 but age didn't effect us. We met at a coffee shop she worked at I would come around 7, when they were about to close get coffee and talk with her as she closed shop. Soon enough I asked for her number she told me she wasn't aloud to give private info to customers so I waited till they closed walked out with her then asked her again. She agreed and we started talking more. Things went up from there we started dating I got close with her family she got close to mine and a year ago I proposed to her at the coffee shop we met at. To my joy she said yes. 

Wedding planning is a bitch I hated it it took about 4 months and during that time my mom got cancer and was put in a hospital. December 2018 we got married, skyped call the whole thing for my mom. And January 2019 my wonderful mother passed away. 

My wonderful supporting now wife was amazing throughout this all, we held the funeral and she kept me going and we held the funeral. This is where life took a turn. We were cleaning out the attic of her house preparing everything to sell. No big deal. Thats when I found a photo album from when my mom was in collage. I flipped through it and noticed something, a guy commonly with my mom..... Was my wifes dad. Shocked and stunned I approached my wife with it and she said we should talk to her dad about it. We go to him and he tells us about how he dated a girl in collage got her pregnant couldn't handle it and "dissapeared" to a different part of town. We explain to him how thats my mother and thats where this story leaves off, I'm grossed but my wife and I talked about it. Were going to try and stay together and never talk about this again.

Tl;dr: I had no dad met a girl married her found out her dad was my dad

Edit: 
Half not step thank you comments

Right now we aren't planning on having kids well cross that bridge when we get there

We don't even really want to do any testing to confirm or deny it we have all the evidence we need we're just going to pretend that the photo album didn't exist and pray it doesn't hurt us later on in life

Okay a lot of people have asked my mom was in and out of the hospital before the wedding and about 1-2 months before the wedding my mom was permanently in the hospital

They had called but not anything in person and out wedding wasn't one with a lot of pictures it was a few friends and family in a small church in the moment thing, the wedding was skype called for me mom but after it her and I talked for a tiny bit then we hung up as we continued on. A few weeks after the wedding went into a coma and soon died

Removed dates

Formated the edit a little more

Yes i know the difference between half and step periods I'm tempted to make a tifu by fucking up on my title

I'm a guy periods dont effect me.

Went to collage from a apprenticeship with a welder now I'm a free Lance worker and odd jobs I do from plumbing to construction. Pays well collage was free from the apprenticeship and I don't use English

Okay I get it Alabama Collage vs College vs Colgate vs Whenever else and yes I know half not step I speak English I don't write it

I may delete it I may not I had permission from the wife at least so she knows and holy fuck yes I'm a dumbass but my dumbass pays the bills with my shitty English

No I didn't fail math

Yes he's one tall mother fucker I'm 6'2 and he's taller than me

No we're not doing porn she's a accountant I'm a free Lance odd jobs kind of guy and I don't think my dick is porn quality please. Please. Please. Please stop asking us to do porn

Wow front page okay I'm dead inside

Automod deleted it for to many reports a helpful mod restored it, yes this is my own story the fuck up was marrying my half sister and its my fault for dating her marrying her and finding the album. A unhelpful mod took down a reupoad for rule #2/nWhen i was 18 i used to run food out to the customers for the local restaurant. But on my way to the table i Happen to glance over to see a girl playing the virtual hunting arcade game that you would see in the back of almost every restaurant. More particularly the shirt she was wearing. It was a workout shirt that had the holes for your arms cut down to about mid side, leaving the entire side of her upper body exposed. How she only had a bra on underneath, mixed with the way she was leaning left her entire boob just hanging out. When i saw this i walked over to one of my more favorite waitresses and said "Do you see that girl over there (nudging my head in her direction)."She is HANGING OUT if you know what i mean". She looked over at the girl and back at me and said "You mean my daughter"?/nSo about a year ago it was a really beautiful day and I \[F18\] decided to walk to the park that was just outside of my neighborhood. There was a playground and right next to/attached to it was a large baseball field and there were a bunch of kids playing on the playground and I wanted some peace so I went to sit in the field. I was laying in the sun and I was uncomfortable so I laid on my stomach with my headphones in and I fell asleep. I don't know how long I was asleep but I awoke to two police officers standing above me, and my first thought was "oh no It must be after hours and I'm trespassing" but I asked them if I wasn't allowed to be there and they looked at me a little incredulously and said no I could be there. At this point I'm confused but I notice their police cruisers and I hear the distant sound of sirens and then it clicks, someone called the cops because they thought I was dead. When I asked them they started laughing and said that a woman called about a person face down in a field assuming it was a drug related incident and I was incredibly embarrassed and they were still laughing about how mortified I was that they had to come all this way just because I fell asleep. They said it would make for a good story at the station, and they went on their way.

TL;DR: Fell asleep in the park, someone called the police because they thought I was dead, they thought it was hilarious./nGonna start this by saying this literally happened within the last hour. I'm a uni student, currently living with my girlfriend and four other housemates.  I, as do many people, like listening to music when I shower, so my girlfriend got me a waterproof Bluetooth speaker, with a suction cup to attach it to the shower wall. I used it happily for a couple days, but then they needed charging. Here's where the fuck up comes - I am not a mature man. I started playing with the suction cup, sticking it to all sorts of objects - my palm, the wall, unfortunately culminating in my forehead. What do you fucking know, the bastard thing won't come off. I ended up with it on my forehead for around three minutes before my gf managed to get her nails under it, and I've never seen her look so horrified. I am now the proud owner of a 5cm long, 2cm high bruise in the centre of my forehead, and I have a meeting with my personal tutor about my dissertation tomorrow. Whoop de fucking doo. 

TL:DR - not a mature man, stuck a suction cup to my forehead, massive bruise ensued, important meeting tomorrow. 


I'll post a picture in the comments.


EDIT: For those asking,[here](http://imgur.com/QgDZtcH) is a picture of me with the speaker still on my forehead /nNot today but back when I was waiting tables at a steakhouse years ago we used to do all kinds of dumb stuff to keep ourselves entertained. One thing we did was play the infamous "cat game" from the movie Supertroopers. Basically we would follow someone out to their table and when we placed the customer's food down we would say something like "here's your strip steak meow". Then, on a busy Saturday night, I followed a co-worker out and dropped of his customer's food followed by a "here's your chop steak meow". Apparently, the guy thought I called him ma'am, made a big scene, called over our freshly hired new GM who ended up comping a $80 check because of his bitching. I finished my shift and was fired before I left because he said he needed to make an example of me. In retrospect, I should have called the guy a chicken fucker.

Edit: yes I know I played the game wrong, hence the reason it backfired :)

TL;DR I got fired for playing cat game from Supertroopers/nI was doing paperwork as one usually does at a sit on ass job, and flipped over a piece of paper. This piece of paper had a smaller piece of paper paper clipped to it. Being in a hurry, I was a little careless in my simple flip, and did it a little close to my face. In  mid flip, this smaller piece of paper decided to contort, and swirl around, heading straight for my face. BAM. PAPER-CUT ON MY FUCKING EYEBALL.  Not on my eye-lid, not right under or above my eye, ON MY EYEBALL.  And yes, it was absolutely a paper cut, and not just a poke in the eye. I heard the classic paper cut sound, where it sliced through whatever dares to get in it’s way. 

The pain was so intense, I almost shit myself. After about 10 minutes, my eye stops watering and I determine I’m not going to lose my eye.

Almost 8 hours later now, and it doesn’t hurt, just as long as I don’t blink, or move my eye at all.

I am now terrified of paper. 

TL;DR  I got a paper cut in my eyeball. Hurt really bad. Still hurts 8 hours later. 

UPDATE: The fact that it still hurt today coupled with you guys successfully scaring the shit out of me, I went to the doctor today. I was wrong about where the cut was, but it’s a small corneal abrasion and is already almost healed. I have lubricating drops to use 4 times a day. Vision is 20/20. You guys can stop worrying now, I’m ok. ;)/n So today I came up with an evil plan to use my Google Home to make the kids be good. I found that you can get the Home to say anything you need using the custom Shortcuts settings from the home app. So I spent a little time perfecting a role play between Google and myself.

Trigger:
"Hey Google, Are any of my children on the bad boys and girls list?"

Response:
"I have just checked with Santa and yes, both Laura and Joel appear on the bb and g list this year."

After a couple of seconds of shock and confusion. Laura was screaming and Joel slowly sank to the floor bawling in disbelief. It took 5 minutes to convince them that I had played a trick and yes, I was bad dad.

Feel free to try it yourself if you hate your children. The action is 'repeat after me blah blah blah'

TL;DR kids will believe anything Google tells them. Don't use this against them.

Edit: for those asking how? Home App > settings > shortcuts > https://imgur.com/gallery/BpcJN

Edit2: BB and G list is a reference to popular children's Christmas book. Aunty Claus by Elise Primavera. /nHey Reddit!

So I've been traveling in Africa for a while, now. About four days ago, I got reeally sick. I was puking all day, had diarrhea, stomach aches... It really sucked. Nothing seemed to help. 

Fast forward to today and still I haven't left my hotel room for more than 20 minutes at a time since I got sick. I was feeling better, but really faint because I hadn't eaten. I had a light breakfast and decided that I was going to go to the beach. I know that a lot of places here don't have washrooms, so I chose wisely and went to a  beach front bar where I was 100% certain that they had a bathroom.

So I'm on the beach, tanning, drinking water, reading... When all of a sudden, I need to shit *NOW*. So I get up and hobble over to the washroom with my butt muscles tensed up as to not leak liquid shit everywhere.

*"Lady! Lady! Sorry, the bathroom's getting repaired right now, you can't go in,"* the bartender explains. *"WHAT NO IT'S OK I'LL USE IT ANYWAYS!" "Umm, no you can't, there's someone fixing it."*

I was desperate, and I told him it was an emergency, and he laughed it off saying, *"Just go in the ocean, everyone does."* Turns out the closest bathroom was a 7-10 minute walk away...

So get into the water and start swimming out as fast as I can. I get about twice as far as the second furthest person... I look around. No boats, no surfers, no swimmers... ok. 

I pull down my bathing suit and start to let out a massive load of orange pudding-like shit. It creates this DISGUSTING cloud... and half started floating up, so I swim a few meters away with my bottoms still down.

Then... I look down into the water and see there's four fucking scuba divers about 2 meters below me, COMPLETELY grossed out, pointing at my cloud of diarrhea to warn each other and swimming away as fast as they could. I shit on scuba divers. 

I left the beach immediately and now I'm back at my hotel.

**TL;DR: Went to the beach hoping I didn't have diarrhea anymore, desperately had to shit, decided to go in the ocean, ended up accidentally shitting on a group of scuba divers.**/nI took my dog to see the vet recently. One of my concerns was that the dog was scooting his ass on our doormat. The good doctor educated me: dogs have two small sacs near their anus. These sacs are filled with stinky liquid that dogs use when marking places. As turds get passed, the glands get squeezed, pushing out some of this liquid and letting other dogs know that they've been there. Occasionally, these glands can get impacted, so it is good practice to clear them out every now and again. The dog will scoot his ass on the carpet to relieve the itch.

Now the good doctor showed me how to do it - WITHOUT ACTUALLY DOING IT. That happened in the back, presumably done by the vet tech.

Fast forward to earlier in the week, when I noticed the dog scooting. So I got some nitrile gloves, and a paper towel and "expressed the gland". With just a gentle squeeze, the most vile liquid I could ever conceive of squirted onto my face and shirt. I cannot explain just how vile it was. Words do not do it justice.

Have you seen those beached whales who die and then their corpses explode from the trapped gases? I would rather eat what's left behind of the whale than smell this again.
I have showered several times and I still smell it. I have done nasal rinses twice and I still smell it. I threw away the shirt, but its in my garage. It can be smelled through 
the garbage bag in my garage.

TL;DR did some home vet tech work. Never again./nI am visiting at my boyfriend's house and brought all of my own bathroom supplies because, like with many other past boyfriends, my SO does not use the greatest products. If I used his brands, my hair would be stiff and dull and I just wouldn't feel clean. I am having my monthly cycle and I had warned him of this ahead of time in case he wanted to try and be sexy during my stay. 

Well, today, I decided to take a shower. His vent doesn't work, so he asked me to leave the door open a crack so that the steam could escape the room and didn't do any damage. I happened to bring a body wash of a certain brand beginning in the letter, 'C', and he happens to not own a loufa. I didn't think anything of it, but my body wash is literally blood red. It's hard to tell the difference when you actually apply it directly to your skin and not on a loufa. Just as I was dumping this body wash over my chest and arms and rubbing it over my belly, my boyfriend walked in unannounced and unheard by myself and he pulled back the shower curtain. 

His face was absolutely priceless in my opinion, but I'm sure he felt mortified. From his perspective, I was rubbing my own period blood all over my body in the shower. Because the body wash was applied directly to my skin it was taking a few seconds more for me to get it to suds up, and the consistency of it was also quite compelling, but he happened to walk in too soon. He just gave me a quick, "sorry!", and hustled out of the bathroom. 

I personally find this little mishap to be quite hilarious, but he still seems a tad bit shaken up despite my explaining to him that it was body wash. I think he was sincerely convinced it was my own blood.

TL;DR Used a red body wash while on my period during shower at my boyfriend's house. Boyfriend walked in and immediately assumed I was rubbing my own period blood over myself. 

Edit: 

Picture of the body wash on my skin

http://imgur.com/eYA5eKu

Picture of the body wash after I wiped it off with a rag

http://imgur.com/WmpImto


Edit 2:

My bathroom lighting is a little more yellow than I would prefer. I took a photo of the bottle in more natural lighting to show high highly pigmented it is. I've also been trying to upvote as many people as I can. 

http://imgur.com/vG8mYsU/nPossibly the most traumatizing experience of my entire life just occurred. Maybe you will agree. Maybe this is a “first world problems” moment and think that I haven’t seen real trauma. I think you will soon realize the latter is not the case and I am lucky to be alive; if the following does not deeply disturb you, you’re probably dead emotionally. 

Exactly 15 minutes ago the following occurred. My heart is still beating rather rapidly. It's the time of year where the weather is balmy at night, and we keep our windows open for that light spring breeze.

I was watching Netflix on my computer on one monitor and reading news on other monitor. I feel something crawling on my neck. I quickly swat it with my right hand. Something is NOT right. This is a small creature. This is not a fly. Something is seriously wrong. Something smells terrible. What was that? I turn on the light waking my sleeping wife as I scream like a school girl. My fears are realized. I have narrowly avoided death. I need to move and sell my apartment immediately. I think only holy water and a fire can cleanse my abode. I have washed my hands 6 times. There is a terrible smell on my hand I cannot wash out. I don’t understand, I used a napkin. I have dry heaved a dozen times and am barely holding it in. I need someone to suffer in empathy. I have woken my wife. I have shown her the remains of my vanquished foe, she is now equally traumatized. This somehow makes me feel better. We are now afraid to move. Where is this evil spawns' family? Does anyone know where I can obtain some military grade napalm!?

I have included a picture. Bottle cap for scale...
https://imgur.com/a/nrbi6B1

TL;DR - I was violently attacked by a mutant spawn of satan. I cannot be convinced otherwise.

Edit - for those that asked about the pencil. I don't know if that school still even exists. You might think it has to do with the instrument, but I can't confirm or deny: https://imgflip.com/i/dtywl
/nWell, actually, Tuesday I fucked up by taking a shit that destroyed part of my house, but rule #4 prevented this post from happening for a couple days. In the end, that's probably a good thing for the post, because the shit was just the tip of the iceberg. I've been fucking up every day since when trying to deal with this.

Tuesday morning, about 3 AM, I wake up and go to the bathroom. I sit down and know I'm in for some trouble because this dump is large and about to punish my butthole. Some pain and minutes later, I finish up and flush the toilet. Clogged. I shut the rising water off, grab the plunger and get to work. That clog ain't budging. Screw this, it's 3am, I'll deal with it after I actually wake up. I go to work on it again in the morning. Still ain't budging. Screw it. I shower and go to work, I'll deal with it when I get home.

I get home, head into the bathroom. The bowl of the toilet reeks. It's lined with dry shit water. I turn the water back on to let it fill back up and rinse the bowl, then I go sit down and watch some TV. About 15 minutes later, I hear a loud crash. There always used to be loud crashes in this house with no explanation, we'd chuckle and say it must be the ghost. Without missing a beat, I chuckled and thought, "must be the ghost." About 1/2 an hour later, I had to piss, and remembered I needed to unclog a toilet too. I walk around the corner, open the door, and holy shit.

The toilet is running. The flapper never came down and it just kept filling and filling until the floor is covered in shit water. I start to panic and dash in, throw towels on the ground, it's not enough. I run into my bedroom and start grabbing old shirts to throw down. Still not enough. I run back and grab an old sheet and comforter off the bed. That manages what's on the floor. As I stand there wrapping my head around this, I remember the crash 1/2 an hour earlier. My eyes dart to A/C vent on the floor... motherfucker, who puts a vent on the floor? I do the math and take off down the steps into the basement.

HVAC ducts all over the floor. Shitty pouring down through where those pipes used to be, all over the wash and dryer, all over cardboard boxes, clothes, files, records. And then I grab a nearby stool and sit down and watch as the water slows to a steady drip. "Oh. Shit. This is bad." 

Mopped the basement up, and started to let it dry. Came back up stairs and went into the bathroom. Threw the shit water soaked rug into the tub. Continued cleaning up what water was left over with my soon to be trashed shirts and bed clothes. Go into my bedroom to sit down and take just take everything in again. "Hm, this carpet is a little wet. Must have tracked some water in with me earlier." Fuck up number two. And in the end, the grandest fuck up.

Later that night, I notice the carpet isn't really drying. The wet foot prints I left, they were starting to become pretty soggy. I grab a towel, drop it on top of it, and start trying to soak it up. Fuck up number three because there was no method to my madness. I should have been working from the outside in. Instead, I was just spreading all that water out. By the end of the night, two or three soggy foot prints becomes a giant puddle of shit water in my carpet that will not relent. I stay up until around 2 AM, going at it from the outside in this time, but the damage has already been done. I put a fan on it and go to bed.

Wake up Wednesday morning. It's pretty bad. On the way home from work, I swing by a hardware store to rent a wet vac. The internet seemed pretty high on these thing's ability to suck water out of a carpet. Six hours later, I've maybe sucked 1/2 gallon a of water out. In the end, I think it only made things worse as several spots seemed much wetter than before. That's what, TIFU #4?

Things didn't seem too bad on Thursday. With the exception of a couple spots, the carpet was just damp. I kept a fan on it when it wasn't covered. Washed and dried some towels, dropped them to soak and went out for a couple hours. I get home, and the smell of shit is permeating through the house. I didn't think to close off the few A/C vents that still work. 

Friday morning. The carpet smell begins to hit. It wasn't too strong though. I take to the internet again. If your carpet's a bit damp, what does the internet tell you to do? Baking soda! So I threw that baking soda down and left for work. Turns out baking soda will fuck up your vacuum cleaner. I guess that's not too serious because it's not like it'll do it right off that bat, but I just feel like this week keeps on kicking. At this point, I'm out of ideas. I'm pretty sure it's gone through to the subfloor. Tearing the carpet and padding up wasn't really an option to begin with, and now I'm taking a break from cleaning out my room and preparing to tear everything up. I am defeated. 

TL;DR: Took a shit that flooded my bathroom. It destroyed the insulation, A/C, a ton of possessions, and now the additional nightmare of my carpet. 

Edit: So this took off since I last got to check it. Thanks for the gold, whoever did that!

Yes, there is home owner's insurance. Things are going to get taken care of. I got bent on trying to take care of the carpet without removing everything from my bedroom. I get now that it's something I can't tackle by myself. Those of you who told me to get a dehumidifier right away to help dry things out and slow down or prevent things from happening, I did that. I don't really know what else I can offer in the way of an update right now?

Some people seemed bothered that this started on Tuesday and not today? Sorry? I checked the rules and they said that was okay.

Anyway, glad some people got a kick out of it. Thanks for the comments and advice./nI'm a cashier at a grocery store. One of my friends is a regular and we joke around a lot, usually it starts by me refusing to ring up her groceries and we have a few laughs from there. 

Yesterday was a fairly busy day. I see her get in my line behind the customer I was ringing up. I finish the transaction, so my friend is next. I'm still putting money in my drawer, so without looking up I loudly say "Ma'am, we don't serve your kind here." Usually at this point my friend laughs and makes a remark right back at me, but this time there was only silence. I look up and see not my friend, but a black woman with a shocked look on her face. My heart drops into my feet and I start to apologize but she puts her basket on the floor and walks away.

The front end manager was running the next register over and saw the whole thing. I was fired on the spot. I tried to explain the situation but she just said "Punch out and leave right now."

I later found out that my friend had forgotten something and had to get out of my line. The black woman took her place. If I had looked up I would have seen.

Unemployment hearing is next Thursday.

EDIT: Gold on a throwaway account??? /nIf you're a polite person, it's muscle memory to hold the door open for whoever's behind you.

I was leaving my university library through a revolving door, and I was reading something on my phone.  This gorgeous girl was behind me with a coffee in one hand and books in the other.

As I exit out into the open, without even realizing it, I hold my hand back to stop the motion of the door.  She walked right into the glass, spilling her coffee all over herself.

I panicked and ran.  

I can never go back./nSurprise! This actually happened today!

So, I just got hired as a seasonal cashier about a month ago. Went through orientation and training, all was well. Learned some tricks on **manual price adjustment** on the register and the like.

I’m short. Like, *really* short. I have to have someone else flick on my register light because I can’t reach it. Up position sets it to blinking, signifying that I need assistance. Down position is normal light and middle position is off.

After figuring out that the “Help” button on the register just sends out a non-specific ping to all the attendants in the area, they set me up with a walkie and tell me to call them if needed. So far, I use it frequently.

It was a slow shift for whatever reason, and two women come up to me and put children’s clothes on the belt. I go to ring it up and they say that the clothes are on clearance for 10% off.

**Strike one:** No clearance tags on the clothes and the register did not automatically adjust the price.

What do I do? I believe them and manually input the discount.

**Strike two:** Not calling my manager.

They put their card in the reader and a new screen shows up on my end that says something along the lines of, “SNAP card, would you like to see a list of eligible and non-eligible items? Please press yes or no.”

SNAP stands for Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, and is to be used for food *only*. These women had no food except for a bottle of water they took from the cooler.

I go to grab my walkie because I had never seen this screen before. This wasn’t covered in training. The lady calmly says, “Press “No”. We already know which items are eligible.”

*Why not?* I think. *She knows what she’s doing and I wouldn’t need to bother my manager.*

**Strike three:** I *listen* to her, put the walkie *down* and press “No”, unknowingly committing fraud at my brand-new job. They thanked me and then left.

Went home and talked to my parents about my day, as usual. Told them about my first SNAP experience and they both pointed out the red flags.

I felt like an idiot.

So, tomorrow I’m going to explain all of this to my manager and see what kind of disciplinary action this situation can bring.

**TL;DR** Got a new job as a cashier and got swindled by smooth-talking customers. May face disciplinary action. Will report back with details.

Edit: formatting

**The update, as promised:** Talked to one of the floor managers about it and explained the situation. For all of you who said TANF, you’re right!

There is no “override” function for welfare payments, for either the simple cashier or the senior manager. She said that, most likely, they used TANF to pay. The only thing I goofed was giving them the 10% discount.

Also, manual price adjustment doesn’t void the marker in the system identifying eligible items. All the “Yes” button would have done was show me a list of items, nothing more.

Since the transaction was successful, it was more than likely legitimate, as a fraudulent card would have alerted the system.

I’m not receiving any disciplinary action, nor am I losing my job. She said she’ll look into it if needed, and not to worry about it. If I *was* conned, which she said is unlikely, given the register system, the cameras at the store are very good. They could go back into the system, find the women on video and pull the register records.

All in all, a lesson well learned./nWorked as an undead and unpaid cast member in my friend's zombie movie. Yesterday was the end of production, prompting the cast and crew to go HAM all damn night. Both the living and the dead were shit-faced in no time. 

Came home around 2 this morning in full zombie makeup. I was staggering all over the apartment, knocking into chairs and stepping on chargers 'n shit. *Never be an undead drunk in the dark, folks.* Eventually my room appeared in front of me. All I had to do was simply open that door, walk in and go to bed. Done. No fuss. No mess. No dumbass fuck up post.

But there I was, pausing in front of my room with an ominous grin on my face. I turned around and snuck into my roommate's room. Zombie-walked towards his bed and climbed on top. I stood over my unconscious roommate in a crooked posture with my arms out. I cleared my throat and did my most badass zombie growl. URRRRGGGGHHHH! Or some shit like that. The night lamp went on and that's when I said: "I'M GONNA FEAST ON YOUR SOUL, MOTHERFUCKER!"

Little did I know, it wasn't my roommate laying in that bed. It was my roommate's fucking fiancé. I said "AW SHIT" the moment I noticed. But it was too late. The fiancé screamed her lungs out and kicked me in the damn balls. I plummeted to the ground, cupping my cock and groaning in absolute agony. 

So, my roommate stormed into the room and found his frantic fiancé and zombiefied friend both in tears. 

Drunk me had no knowledge of my roommate's fiancé being in town nor that he would be in the bathroom when she was in the bedroom.

*Edit: Thanks 
/u/Unknown_IT for the Gold!* 

**TL:DR Turned into a zombie. Pranked the wrong person. Got kicked in the nuts. Instant "ow".**/nThere was a lemon on the kitchen counter. It was the kind of lemon that you see at the grocery store and think “oh, a lemon! I will definitely use this for something very very soon!” so you buy it and then it slowly turns into compost in your kitchen for two months, mocking and judging you silently with its yellow stare everyday in its snide little manner, sometimes pleading you for attention and care and making you doubt that you could ever properly care for a child of your own some day. So you ignore the lemon and all of the self-doubt that it raises in you, and there it sits. Until...

Last night I caught sight of that sad, pathetic, soft little lemon and it haunted my thoughts late into the night. I felt bad for it. By buying it, I had entered into a contract to make use of it and take care of it and see that it didn’t go to waste. And I was failing. I was disrespecting the lemon, I was throwing away the time and effort that it took that lemon to grow and then be picked and brought to the store where I chanced upon it, and most of all I was letting myself down. 

This morning, however, I woke up with one glorious idea to bring hope and salvation for both me and lemon: lemon blueberry pancakes!!! I jumped out of bed and ran downstairs like it was Christmas morning and I got the pancake ingredients together, humming a jolly tune all the while. Once the ingredients was whisked nicely together and the blueberries were folded tenderly into the luscious batter, I went to pick up the crown jewel, the pancakes’ pièce de résistance, the one small speck of happiness and meaning in my life... and it was MOLDY!!!!!!!  So I threw it into the woods behind my house. Or at least I tried to. I aimed for the forest behind the driveway where my family parks our cars and where my mom’s brand new Toyota Prius shone gloriously in the morning light. Just as I began to throw the poor decrepit lemon with all my might in order to banish it far from my sights and give it a peaceful resting place deep within the woods, a stunningly red cardinal swooped in front of me. I didn’t want to bring harm to yet another innocent creature by throwing the lemon at it, so I changed my aim a bit just in time. 

But I accidentally threw the lemon very hard at my mom’s new car and it broke the side mirror and now the whole mirror is dangling off of the car.  It costs 350$ to fix it.

By the way, for those of you wondering about the lemon’s fate, I threw it into the woods successfully, finally. 

Farewell, my sweet lemon prince. Rest well in the arms of Mother Earth and again become one with her soil. 

TL;DR: I threw a lemon at my mom’s new car by accident and totally broke her side mirror. Yeah, I suck. 

Edit: holy f-ing 💩 this blew way the $&@! up!!!!!!! I have been trying to read all of the comments but there’s so many omg. People have been giving me advice on cheaper ways to fix the car. I am looking into that. Please think twice before posting another comment along these lines. I already know. Also, please please please no more “when life gives you lemons...” comments bc they are seriously getting very old, almost as old as the lemon. 
Thank you so much, kind Redditers, and I am glad so many people are getting enjoyment from laughing at my misery along with me. Happy scrolling! /nSo for those of you who don't know, there is a Google Survey app for android you can download where you get to take surveys. After completing the surveys, you receive anywhere from $0.10 to $2.00 for doing a survey to use on the Google Play Store. 

Now with these surveys I have always lied. The more I'd fabricate these answers, the more "valuable" it makes my opinion. The more valuable my opinion is, the more surveys I get which means more play store credit. If I had been honest, I would not have gotten any surveys much like when I told my friend about the app and never got a survey after his first one. So far, I've received about $35 in Play Store Credit by doing these surveys. 

So this morning, I got a Google Survey on my tablet. It was a 3 question survey. The survey asked if I had ever been to a water park called Kelp Water Parks. I said yes. Then it asked what my favorite slide was. I just chose a random name of a ride and proceeded to the next question.

Only then did I find out it wasn't a survey, but it was designed to fish out people like me. People who lie on their surveys. It told me that the Kelp Water Park didn't exist. Google then proceeded to scold me saying lying is a bad thing and it will most likely not consider me for future surveys. Google caught me lying and left me feeling like I lied to my own father. 

TLDR: Lied to Google. Received a virtual spanking over their survey app. /nI got to a work meeting a few minutes late. I very quickly plugged my computer in to the AV system and projected my computer screen onto the big screen so I can start my talk. Unfortunately, I forgot to turn off text message preview and notification on my laptop because I was in such a hurry.

During the talk, a new FWB of mine texted me from his office saying he was bored and ultra horny. He then sent rapid fire texts talking about the nasty things he was going to do to me and my impending “anal destruction” once he gets his big hands on me this weekend. The notification banners kept coming up with each text and the “preview message” function was turned on, so everyone in the audience was able to read them. By the time I noticed (laptop was on mute), it was too late.

No one said anything. There were no questions or comments after my talk. Everyone rushed out of the conference room. I am hoping this is a dream and I will wake up any second now. If there is a God, right about now would be a good time to intervene. I’ve been a good person all my life. Just saying. 

TL;DR: A room full of my co-workers read nasty text messages from FWB during a presentation I gave today.

Update: Hello, I just want to thank everyone for their comments and concern. I also want to thank the people who gave me the silver and gold awards. My day has been so normal that it feels abnormal. I don’t know how else to say it. No one mentioned anything about the texts. I’m sure they’re talking about me behind my back, or maybe they weren’t paying attention during the talk so they didn’t see anything? And yes, I am still meeting my FWB this weekend. Already messed up at work, can’t let my FWB down either. Thank you guys./nTIFU by almost kidnaping the wrong grandma 



My mother’s side of the family lives in Japan. Since I lived abroad ever since I was a child, I haven’t met my grandmother in a long, long time (I am closer to my paternal grandmother). Anyways, my grandma has always been afraid of flying, so she hasn’t traveled abroad in 10+ years, but this year, she decided to come visit us because her time is running out. She was supposed to come to the airport, and my mom was supposed to pick her up. 




However, some other important issues came up, and my mom had to travel to a different city for two days. So instead, I went to pick up my grandma from the airport. (Note that we can’t communicate with one another directly because she doesn’t speak English and I suck at Japanese.) I waited at the airport for 2 hours prior to her arrival time because I was nervous af. All I had was a recent photograph of her and her phone number in case I can’t find her. People arrived, and I kept waiting for an old Asian lady with snow white hair to come out. I tried calling her phone number, but it seemed like she ran out of battery or intentionally turned it off. After all, she’s not tech savvy and she barely manages to dial our phone number because she’s very old—80’s approaching 90. 



From the terminal, I saw an Asian lady come out; she had white hair and looked exactly like the lady in the photograph I’m holding. I assumed it’s my grandma, so I approached her, and said welcome in my super broken Japanese. She responded very kindly and said something I can’t understand; I told her in English that we’ll talk more when mom’s around to translate. I offered to take her luggage, and we walked out together. 




We got home, and I fixed my grandma some food, and showed her to my empty brother’s room [sic: brother's empty room]. I assumed she must be tired so I left her to be. Roughly 3~4 hours later, my mom called me and asked why I haven’t gone to pick up grandma. I asked her, “wtf are you talking about because she’s here with me,” and I snapped a photo and sent it to mom. Then she told me that the lady isn’t our nana. 



Apparently, my grandma had arrived at the airport, but didn’t fill out the paperwork, so it took her extra 30 minutes to get out. She waited for me at the airport. She also didn’t pack her charger in her luggage and her phone had run out of battery, so she asked other Japanese passengers to help her call her daughter (aka my mom) after she waited at the airport all alone FOR 3 HOURS. After talking to grandma, my mom called me in panic. 




Anyways, I went back to the airport to pick up my real grandma, and she gave me a hug. I came back and talked to my fake grandma by having my mom translate our conversation via phone call. She was just an old lady from Japan whose family signed her up for a spa getaway retreat after her husband passed away, and thought I was from the agency to pick her up. I asked which resort she booked, saw her itinerary papers, and drove her to the place she signed up for. Before she left, my real grandma, fake grandma, and I had a mini supper, and I apologized for causing major confusion. 




Before I dropped off my fake grandma at the resort, she tipped me. 







_________________________________________________________________________




EDIT: 





[Fake grandma] (http://i.imgur.com/VlM4kgB.jpg) looks like this. Please don't say that I subjected her to a hostile environment for making her sit on the floor. She kept on sitting on the floor. She was so nice to me, never lost her cute smile, and tried to talk to me in Japanese, but I couldn't understand her. This is the one and only photo I have of her (which I sent to my mom); she was okay with me taking a photo of her, but if someone on reddit is her family member and want this photo taken down, send me a message and I'll do so upon verification that you're her relative. 

[Real grandma] (http://i.imgur.com/AFrn6Za.jpg) looks like this. This photo was taken by my mom at night. She probably loled at my failure. 


By the way, [this] (http://i.imgur.com/eRXfMXq.jpg) was the photo I had to *guide* me at the airport. This photo was literally the only photo my mom had of grandma from the last 5 years because she hated taking photos. Please note that it doesn't really show her face, so I was mostly looking for "white hair + old + short Asian grandma" at the airport. 



For those who need proof of the bill I received: 



[Asian money envelope] (http://i.imgur.com/UcYldgV.jpg) She had given me the money in that white envelope; the envelope is from a Korean foreign currency exchange bank, which makes me assume that she visited Korea prior to her travel here. She also left some coins at my house--don't know if fake grandma left them or my real grandma. I'll have to ask.  



[She gave me money] (http://i.imgur.com/6aI1ORs.jpg)


[Brand new thin ass money] (http://i.imgur.com/tNk54nw.jpg)


[She left these coins behind] (http://i.imgur.com/XhNhxyH.jpg)






_________________________________________________________________________









TL;DR I picked up a fake grandma, left my real grandma hanging at the airport, my mom panicked and called me, and I handled the situation. 

/nObligatory this didn't happen today but happened earlier in the week.
Recently the son of a family friend committed suicide (gunshot). It was unexpected for those of us who did not know he struggled with depression. The obituary said to dress casually, so I had come home from work for the day, got around and dressed, and left the house, grabbing the hat I always wear.
Once I got to the funeral home, there was quite a line. I stood and waited in line to see the family and to pay my final respects.
I had gotten looks from a few different people but at viewings people are normally fairly shook up and distraught so I thought nothing of it.
Once I got home, I realized my mistake when I took off my hat. The hat I always wear. Smith & Wesson branded logo.
I feel like such an asshole. It was completely unintentional but man do I feel like such a jerk  :(
Rest easy up there bud.

TL;DR wore a Smith & Wesson branded hat to the viewing of a man who committed suicide by gunshot./n(I started writing this when the whole situation first happened, but it started to get more and more complex, so I’ve been waiting to get as much info as possible, and it’s been about two months since the first incident.)So here’s some background information, my parents have been together 19 years. My dad’s the real provider for the family, he was in the military for 26 years, but retired after being hurt in a car accident. He still makes good money off his new job and Veteran’s Affairs checks. My mom spends a lot of his money on clothing and purses and other stuff, but it’s kind of okay because she’s a stay at home mom. The one thing I was always upset about her was that she traveled a lot, never taking any of my family with her. Me(16M), and my two little brothers(11) never have traveled anywhere with her. With that out of the way, here’s the story. I was just playing Red Dead Redemption 2, and my mom came down to watch me play because that’s her way of interacting with me. She kept asking questions about the story and stuff, and I’d tell her to listen to the characters and cutscenes but she wouldn’t listen because she was just texting on her phone. Eventually, I was annoyed and said, “Let’s see what’s keeping you busy.” I tried to grab the phone jokingly, but she got scared and pulled away, which got me interested. I left the room and five minutes later, I came back and took her phone right out of her hands while she wasn’t looking, she started screaming and chasing me around. I tried to read but I couldn’t read the texts, but I recognized the name(we’ll call her V, who’s a female). She was upset and left, and I figured something was up because if there was nothing to hide she wouldn’t have acted this way. So I knew something was wrong. I acted distant the next few days because I was worried about what was wrong and that she was hiding stuff from me. A couple days past, and she sat me down before school, and asked me what I saw on her phone. Now since I didn’t know any specifics, I didn’t want her to know that so I just said, “You tell me.”  That’s when she basically said, “You saw what I was talking to V about. How I like-like her.”  And guess what happened the next day. My dad told me he knew that I knew. WHICH MEANS HE KNOWS ABOUT THE AFFAIR!!!! He said  that he doesn’t like it, but he has a couple reasons for tolerating it. 1.He still loves her, 2.He doesn’t want to break the family up, and 3.She says she’s “exploring herself” so he feels like it would be unfair to give her an ultimatum. I was pissed. My dad is sacrificing so much, including his self respect and happiness, and my moms sleeping around with her best friend. 

Now about two months have passed, and my dad is still unhappy, my mom still doing this, and she’s barely at home anymore. She’s at V’s house 24/7 basically.(Another fun side note, V also has a husband and two kids, and her husband also knows and is also very sad and upset with this).

And the worst part is, my mom keeps making me and my dad hang out with V. She’ll make us have dinner with her and her family, and it’s so awkward and painful. I’m just really pissed off that my mom is just tearing apart my family and making us unhappy, just for her sake. 

For those of you that read this far, thank you for listening, and I hope you don’t fuck up like I did.
Moral of the story is don’t read other people’s phones...

TLDR:I read my mom’s phone, stumbled across her affair with her best friend, and my family’s falling apart, yay!

EDIT:To the people(and I say people even though I only saw one guy say this) who are saying I’m an asshole for looking through my moms phone, yeah I fucked up, it’s in the title, but I don’t think it’s all that fair to call me an asshole when looking at this entire situation.

EDIT: Also I’m stupid for not mentioning this earlier, but the affair has lasted longer than I’ve known about it, it started around last August, sorry I feel like that was something I should’ve mentioned/nLiterally happened like 5 minutes ago. So the other day, my SO and I were browsing an ask Reddit thread about how to strengthen your relationship. We came across something about getting in the shower together, lathering up each other's butts and just rubbing booties together, ya know, really exciting stuff. So we waited until this weekend when I could be over at her place to test this out. After a long, hot day outside, we figured today would be our opportunity. We got into our birthday suits as fast as we could and hopped in the shower. Things were going good! We got all soapy, pressed our butts together, and shook like our lives depended on it. It was super fun. Here's where I fucked up; for some reason, I thought it would be a wonderful idea to just let out one of the burliest biker farts my body could produce. I built up my energy and just exploded flatulence. Of course we both thought it was hilarious and began to laugh... Until the smell hit her nose. She looked dead into my eyes, almost as if she were about to tell me the saddest news in the world, and threw up everywhere. All in the shower floor and on our feet was my girlfriend's vomit. Now here I am, cleaning the shower while my girlfriend feels ashamed and embarrassed over what just happened. FML

Edit: Wow! That blew up! Thank you guys so much. My girlfriend and I have a really silly and fun filled relationship and we've been together for almost a year. I love her so much. Thank you guys for the funny comments! 

Again, for those of you who didn't see, here's the link: https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/4y0kuj/couples_of_reddit_what_are_fun_things_you_should/d6k8x20

TL;DR- Farted in the shower with my SO 
and she threw up everywhere./nYou're probably wondering how a person could fry his or her retina. Staring at the sun? Flaming your eye with a lighter?(lol) Well, there's a more hazardous way that I unfortunately got involved in a few days back and I learned today that it's consequences were permanent.


As a curious teen, I loved playing around with extreme stuff such as high voltage capacitors that generate enormous sparks, neodymium magnets or even high powered lasers which shouldn't even be legal. I did fuck up with almost everything at least once but the lasers are the ones that left a permanent scar on my life. *Warning: don't get inspired by my experiences and never think of buying a high powered laser unless you truly are up for the risk*


One day, i unboxed a 3000 MilliWatt laser that i ordered online and was quite excited to use it. It was huge and solid built with a rechargeable heavy battery. I didn't want to go outside since pointing it upwards could cause disturbance in air traffic i.e: planes. And pointing it down could start a fire within seconds. The laser was so powerful that even staring at the projected dot could cause eye damage. I was stupid enough not to buy laser safety glasses because i never took precautions when doing anything. So after charging it to 100 percent i started pointing it to places like the wall, the ceiling, pretty normal stuff. I even burnt some wood and plastic for fun because why not? I took it out on a rainy day once and pointed it to my house wall from a distance around 20 meteres and it was awesome. The beam was extremely bright and looked phenomenal in the dark. 


So after a couple of hours goofing around with it, i wanted to point it near my eye from a distance to visualise the "light saber effect"[like it wasn't bright enough already from the sides]. I placed it an arms length from my eye and stared almost directly at it. It was an unreal experience, it looked like a bright blue neon stick! I kept staring for a minute and got nervous for some reason, probably from the risk i was taking and my bottom and back had strange goosebumps that caused me to slightly move towards the death beam which was centimetres away from my left eye. I panicked and quickly tried to get up. As i forced myself up, my back tilted slightly towards the beam, it was enough to expose my whole pupil directly at it. I screamed and closed my eye instantly due to the reflex and held both my hands on it. The exposure must have been a fraction of a second long but it literally burned my retina. I told myself it wasn't a big deal and kept my eye closed for a like 10 minutes. It was burning so i took some ice and held it on the area to cool it down. When i opened my eye, there was a black/grey area i can't really describe that couldn't see color. It covers the area around my focal point (wherever i stare at). I didn't worry much since i thought it'd heal and my light sensing cells would regenerate. I was dead wrong on that. Little did i know the color sensing cells never regenerate nor heal properly, so the damage was and is permanent. I did go to the doctor and he said the color sensing cells (rods and cones) will unfortunately never recover but scar tissue will substitute them. The "scar tissue" can't sense shit, it's just there to prevent more damage.



The fortunate thing i learned by experience is that our brain is an intelligent piece of meat. Although my eye has a huge blind spot near the focal point, as time passes, it's appearance is becoming more subtle and less noticeable. Basically our brain finds a way to keep us functioning normal even if we aren't. We all have a blind spot on both of our eyes. You don't notice it because the brain fills it with the surrounding colors and patterns. This is why i don't notice it much. You can find out how it functions in [this vsauce video](https://youtu.be/4I5Q3UXkGd0).


I do regret playing around with it so ordered laser safety glasses and am gonna take precautions whenever performing such dangerous experiments. Never point lasers (including those 5 milliwatt ones) to the eye even from far off. 


TL;DR: burnt my retina with a high power laser and now my left eye has a huge blind spot on it. I didn't expect the worst when experimenting with the high power diode but now i learned my lesson, don't try this kids, it ain't what you expect it to be.


Edit: corrected "permanent" in the text/nSo, I am 23 and a new English teacher. I look like a kid myself, and I'm barely 5'1" so I always try my best to be professional. I want my students to take me seriously. I don't think they will after today.

I was reading an Emily Dickinson poem to my class of 10th graders, and I got to the line that says "Shuts the door--to her divine majority," and I got tongue-tied in the worst way. Here's where my students lose all respect for me.

Very loudly I said, "Shuts the door to her VAGINE-" and cut to students falling out of their chairs howling with laughter at me. I just sat down. I gave up. I literally have no idea how I replaced "divine" with "vagine."  How?! It will haunt me forever.

Perhaps the worst part? I sent a kid to the principal two days ago for screaming "Penis!" while going over answers in class. On his way out today he high-fived me and said, "Mad respect."

EDIT: Aw, snap! Front page! So far, none of my students have called me out for posting this.

Also, some people are super upset that I sent Penis Kid to the principal. Trust me, I am a pretty chill person, but some kids (especially huge teenaged boys) like to test the limits of the teacher who looks like a seventeen-year-old girl. It was mostly a warning shot because he had been causing some major issues. He got a slap on the wrist and has been an angel to me since then. ;)/nThis happened around 30 minutes ago and I'm still in shock.

Here's some background: My parents are very very old fashioned. They both come from Slavic origin and are stuck in their ways on the topic of homosexuality. I myself am not homosexual, but will have a hard time trying to explain that to my family whenever they come around.

The fuckup began yesterday night when while hanging out with my friends I made the stupid decision of chugging a half full bottle of hot sauce on dare. I knew the consequences at the moment: searing hot mouth, watery eyes, the works. Little did I know the consequences the next morning would bring. I woke up to the sharpest searing pain in my stomach and the feeling I wanted to throw up. I thought it was because I was sick because I had never experienced this kind of pain from anything other than sicknesses. 

My first reaction was to go for the laxatives and Tylenol. Within 30 minutes I was in the bathroom proceeding to have both the most satisfyingly smooth but painful shit of my entire existence. It was nearing the end of my jalapeno shitfest when by habit I grabbed my phone. I had missed calls from my friends and I quickly remembered I promised to hang with them because summer is nearing for us soon. I wasn't too worried about my parents, my mom was working till 6 and my dad had an appointment. I quickly wiped my ass, grabbed 50 bucks and left to go hang. 

Fast forward like 2 hours and my ass becomes an inferno. I think it's a combination of the spicy shit I took and the fact that I wiped a bit quicker than usual. Regardless I can't wipe it now that I'm hanging out with friends, I need to use baby wipes or take a cold shower or something. It starts off bad but as the hangout progresses so does the pain. by the end of the night my asshole feels like Satan himself is ripping it to shreds. It hurt to sit, it hurt to stand and by god it hurt when I occasionally had to fart.

I tried to have a good night and pretend nothing was wrong but the fact that the sun itself was exiting my pooper really put a damper on my mood. I got home late at night, a lot later than usual and before I could even say anything to my parents I ran to the bathroom to soothe my raw anus. I pulled down my pants and began to spray the coldest water imaginable at my butt. At first the contrast between hot and cold hurt, but as I adjusted it became heaven. I began slowly cleaning my ass with a bodywash and shampoo mixture and it felt utterly amazing, the closest thing I can compare it too is a angel kissing your ass. Little did I know I forgot to lock the door in the rush. With my hand rubbing my ass, my eyes closed and letting out a soft satisfying moan my mother walked in. She was probably worried because I never come home and ran to shower that fast, I made it a habit to say hi to her when I came back, so her concern was understandable. Still I can only imagine the look on her face as I basically fingered myself. I only realized when it was too late and she had left to tell my dad. 

I quickly scrambled to get out of the shower and I heard my mom downstairs, crying on the couch while my dad consolidated her. I heard her say something along the lines of, "now how will we ever have grandchildren?". Now I'm sitting in my room trying to plan out my course of action but waiting has probably worried them more. I thought Reddit would just enjoy this little fuckup of mine. hopefully my family will understand before they call all of my relatives.

TL;DR had a spicy shit, didn't wipe too well, when I finally did get to soothe my ass I forgot to lock the door and my mom walked in on me rubbing my pooper and loving it./nSo this had actually happened about a week ago.

&#x200B;

I wanted to shoot some cool overhead footage at my sisters wedding reception, and it was a pretty windy day. I go for this shot where I start close, and fly out backwards, zooming away from the party. Just as I do this, there's a strong gust of wind that pushes my drone backwards soooo fast I didn't have enough time to react as it went into the trees.

&#x200B;

Now this is a DJI drone so its got sensors to try and keep distance from objects automatically. The drone kept getting stuck in branches, getting itself out of them, only to fly right into another branch. All while this is going on the whole wedding reception is gasping and moaning because I was *sooo close* to flying it out of the trees!! All of a sudden it flips over sideways and that was it.

&#x200B;

*SPLOOSH*.

&#x200B;

Into the water below. Yeah. There was a river, forgot to mention that. The drone had tumbled through the branches bouncing off each one just barely slipping out of their clutches, only to meet its ultimate demise into the depths of the river.

&#x200B;

This was quite the spectacle for everyone at the reception. But it gets worse.

&#x200B;

As people were coming up to me and sharing their condolences, a few mentioned the same crazy idea, "*you gotta go into the water and retrieve it".*

&#x200B;

I'm fully dressed up for this wedding, and realized what that meant. I juggled the idea around in my head for a few minutes before I realized I had already lost my drone, can't get any worse from here. So, I stripped down to my underwear, in front of the whole reception. Everyone was shocked someone was already taking their clothes off despite not having consumed any alcoholic beverages. I stand at the edge of the water, look down, and-

&#x200B;

"*SIR!!! DO NOT JUMP IN THAT WATER!! We have someone on their way to help fish your drone out of the water."*

&#x200B;

You see, the wedding was at a private park, and apparently some of the staff had caught on that I was about to jump into the river, which apparently was off limits. Of course they waited til I had stripped down to tell me someone was on their way. So here I stand, pretty much naked, in front of the whole reception. Everyone is just staring at me dead quiet. All of a sudden my grandma starts laughing and runs to me asking someone to take a picture of us, with me still in my underwear. This was quite the hit, as everyone found themselves wanting to come up and take pictures with me.

&#x200B;

Shame. Embarrassment. Sorrow. I'm not sure which emotion I felt more, but I had accepted my fate at this point, and had no other choice than to stand there while everyone laughed and took pictures of me, as I was cold and vulnerable.

&#x200B;

I finally get my clothes back on, when the staff shows up to get the drone out of the water, *with a little fishing net.* The water was 12ft deep, while the net was like 4ft in length max.

&#x200B;

And that was it. My drone, along with my dignity, were lost forever that day.

&#x200B;

**TL;DR**  I stripped down in front of a whole wedding reception to retrieve my drone out of the water. Staff wouldn't allow me to go in the water. Everyone at the reception laughed at me and got pictures taken with me basically naked.

&#x200B;

\*\*\***UPDATE: Because many of you requested pictures and video, here they are:**

[Drone Crashing Video](https://youtu.be/fKrpoKTfUyo)

[Totally embarrassing pictures](https://i.imgur.com/89RiFXT.jpg)
&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;/nSo this actually happened today.

I was hungry around lunch and thought that I'd get some KFC after seeing all the new deals on TV. Anyway, I bought it, ate it, nothing interesting there. But a little later on I noticed a bunch of those wet wipes that come with the meal just sitting on my desk. I didn't even need to use one, but I got bored and decided to open one... with my electric plasma lighter. For anyone who doesn't know what that is, it's a lighter which uses two arcs of electricity instead of a flame.

Yeah, stupid decision already but what I hadn't realized/remembered is that the inner side of the wet wipes were lined with a metal which I assume is aluminum. It doesn't look like it from the outside though, rather like paper. In hindsight it makes sense to prevent moisture from getting out, but this is Today I Fucked Up not Today I Made a Conscientious Decision, so I stupidly decided to try and hold one side of the packet, while zapping the other end with my plasma lighter.

The moment I did that I got a huge jolt (much worse than I would have thought from something like a lighter) and threw both the lighter and the packet down and clenched my hand in pain. I think I'm going to go vegan now.

TL;DR: Tried to open a KFC wet wipe packet with electricity, got jolted and probably broke my lighter.

EDIT: Front page of Reddit, you guys are amazing! Also, I'm not actually going vegan, that was just a joke but thanks for the advice anyway!/nOk, first post. Good luck me.

Last year I got a kitten as a Christmas Gift last year. I named her Cecilia (Cissy for short) and all she wanted to do was sit in my lap. She was this precious little gray ball of chill. So chill, it was suspicious. The next day, found out why...

SHE BLIND

And it made me love her so much more. 

Turns out the backyard breeder they got her from had children who thought it was a good idea to open the eyes of all the newborn kittens for fun before they were ready and more than half the litter went blind. After other families and I told them about the kittens, and after threatening to get the law involved, they decided they will no longer be breeding.

Over the next few day despite her disability, Cissy Showed Amazing Intelligence. With in a week she mastered climbing off and on the bed, finding her litterbox and responding when called. She could even play fetch with the plastic rattle balls! Knows when the dreaded bath time is. Within a month she knew how to navigate the house and get into trouble like a normal, healthy, ANNOYING cat. 

She had a particular habit that drove me insane. To keep her food from the dog, I placed her dish on the nightstand and surrounded the ground with pillows. When the bowl was empty, she would shove the bowl off the nightstand and past the pillows so it made a very large BANG. This drove me nuts. I would tape it to the desk and she'd RIP it off the stand and send it flying. 

She did this so much and so often I gave up and bought a huge jug feeder and water so I wouldn't have to fill up her bowl as much or hear the bang. She loved it. They more food she could shovel into her mouth the better. The dog stayed away and got her own food jug too. I felt like a winner. 

Now, my dog has got constant morning breathe. I had forgotten this. Its gross so to combat it, I put additives in the water to freshen it between her dental cleanings. I added to the water jug bowl no problem. Cissy must have loved it. Keep rubbing her face against the bowl. Even played in the water from the looks of it.

Later that week she went crazy. Every night she screamed and was crying by her feeder. Usually she wants out of the room. I scoot her out. More screaming. Only stops when I hold her. Purr city. Everyday she goes to her water dish plays in the dish and harasses me with love. Not in a cute way.

HARRASSES ME WHILE SOAKING WET

headbutts super hard screams until she's on my lap. In my face every second of every day and soaking the bed. I thought she was having separation issues. Then my fiancee noticed bumps on the back of her skull. Tumor? This young? Maybe it's making her go insane. I was gunna take her to the vet tomorrow.

Tonight I was worried if she was eating or not. Her food bowl was empty and I figured she could have some of my dinner until I bought her more tomorrow. Roast chicken and stuff no big deal. As we walk back to the room she goes up to the feeder and scoots it. She's trying to shove the food bowl for more of her food. She never lost the habit. Then it hit me.

She doesn't like water but she plays in the dish...

She is screaming for attention...

The bump on her head feels boney...

OH MY GOD

I go straight to the kitchen and fill a bowl with tap water and set it on the ground in front of her and she destroyed it. Almost taking gulps. Now she's in bed, quiet and resting.

She was dehydrated. The bumps were her bones. She hates the fresh stuff I put in for the dog. She wasn't playing in the water, she was scooting it away. She tried to use her paws and got drenched in the process then came to me for help. Since it's too big to scoot, no bang.

NO BANG = NO ME TO FIX IT

NO ME TO FIX IT = CISSY MAKE BANG WITH MEOW

TL;DR I thought my cat was being annoying but she was trying to tell me in her own way that she was VERY thirsty and didnt like the additive water I was giving her.

UPDATE: CISSY IS DOING GREAT!

Omg, I had no idea that my late night confession would get any attention at all! Holy cow! So many questions! I'll try to answer as many as I can!

First, Cat tax:

https://www.reddit.com/r/teefies/comments/9lpr1a/this_is_my_precious_cissy_look_at_those_teefies/?utm_source=reddit-android 

Q: Did you take her to the vet? Is she ok? How are her kidneys?
A: took her to the vet anyway this morning. She's healthy and not dehydrated as I thought. She was drinking the water she just doesn't like it. She's very healthy. Kidneys safe. Shes actually getting kind of chubby.

Q: What did you use?
A: it's called dental fresh for dogs and cats. I've used this before with previous cats and they never cared before. I will no longer be using attitives and give my dog treats and toys more breath friendly. I usually take her in for professional cleanings as often as I can.

Q: did you move her food away from the water? Did you give her more wet food?
A: her food is on the other side of the room from her water, next to the dogs. She does drink from it now. Without the additives and as for wet food... shes very picky with wet food. Hates it. Even canned tuna. Wont touch it at all so from now on to get more water in her she will be having a chicken dinner 2-3 times a week with me.

Q: you bathe your cat alot?
A: yes, she cannot groom herself very well and is a messy eater and drinker. She also drools when petted. She needs to be washed once a month and have her face wiped down almost daily.

Thank you so much for the advice and support! I will be listening to her much more closely from now on!

/nI'm a  backpacker travelling around South America on a miniscule budget, jobbing my way around. I've been working in a hotel in the Colca canyon, Peru. My boss splits his time between the hotel and his family home in Arequipa (a city 5 hours away).

We have mountain bikes for hire at the hotel (STRICTLY FOR GUESTS) and I'd taken to sneaking rides on the bikes when my boss is away.

Anyway, I took one of the bikes out in the morning and rode 45 minutes to the next town over. Glorious day, no problems, having a great time. On my back, I'm getting up a bit of speed (it's mostly downhill) when suddenly I hit an improvised speed bump made of rocks outside of a rural orphanage that wasn't there earlier in the morning. I go flying over the handlebars and into the road, breaking both of my arms and completely mangling the bike. 

8 hours and a $1300 ambulance ride to Arequipa later, I have to ring my boss and ask him to drive the 10 hour round trip to collect my stuff from his hotel and bring it to me in hospital. I also have to explain that I destroyed one of his bikes.

I am currently holed up in a hotel room in Arequipa waiting for my shitty insurance to organise a flight back to England. I can get dressed and type but, crucially, I can't wipe my arse. I was also supposed to move on to Chile for another 2.5 months tomorrow in preparation for a glorious Christmas return.

Bonus detail: The only reason that I rode to the town in question was to ask out a girl in a coffee shop who turned out to have a husband anyway.

TL;DR

I crippled myself while disobediently riding/destroying a bicycle owned by my boss and I'd have gotten away with it too, if it weren't for those meddling kids.

Edit/update:

Just got back from an appointment at the hospital to redress wounds/stitching in my hands and had been having a great laugh with the receptionist while I waited to see the doctor. On my way out, I thought to myself  'you need to get back on the horse' so I asked her out. She is also married, and my mum called reception while I was in the appointment to check that I was OK./nA few years back, I was a naïve kid attending a smallish college outside of my home state. Utter shyness was my vice, and this made it nigh-on impossible to get a job in a town which was almost exclusively clerk/ cashier positions. Every interview I went to, I would cripple over into myself and sweat profusely. Still, I needed a job – badly. 

So, when I saw a ‘help needed’ sign in the general store’s window, I was eager to check it out. This place was old school; it looked as if it had been preserved from the social-contract times of the 1940s and the owner was an elderly man of eighty years. I ask after him and the old guy hobbles out, extending a hearty handshake. 

We walk off to a backroom and he begins to ask the usual questions, I begin to get uneasy and jumpy like usual. This seems to make the old man nervous also and a perplexed expression forms across his face as his brow furrows. “Say, why ya nervous all of a sudden?” the man asks. In a panic, the sweat funnelling down my neck, my hands becoming clammy, I was in a corner and this was the last chance saloon – “Er, well, you probably ought to know I have autism”

Fuck! A look of compassion and sympathy spreads over the old man, yet I want to run away. “None to worry, can you stack shelves for a couple of hours a day?” I continue to look at the ground, praying for it to swallow me whole, “yes, sir.”

And so, every day for four or five hours, I stock the store’s shelves whilst pretending to be autistic. I saw ‘Rain Man’ kind of once when I was on a flight, and I do my best to imitate Hoffman’s Raymond Babbit. If a customer came to me and asked for an item, I’d echo their words under my breath, or twitch my body around, or mumble incoherently. It was a shitty situation all round, but I needed the money and I was doing no harm. 

This ploy continued through to spring, until one day the old man asks me if I want to work front-shop ‘to build some confidence’. Reluctantly, I agree and continue doing a sub-par impression of an autistic man for the few customers that walk in. The old man stands beside me sorting out items, he seems proud.

A few hours pass and I slip into the routine. Suddenly, my mom and dad stroll through the door – I had forgotten they were coming up to visit me, oh shit! 

They walk up to the desk and hug me, I cannot react else the old man beside me will know the ruse is up. “How are you?” my mom asks with a big smile. “mrrr…” comes my reply. Mom looks confused, “mrr, mrr, work,” I repeat. 

“What the hell, are you fucking with us?” The old man steps forward and leans over the desk, he thinks a random couple have come in to abuse me. “This kid has autism, you fucking old whore, get the fuck out of my store.” My dad, my mom, and me stand with our mouths agape. Sensing I had to mitigate the situation, I throw my apron on the floor and run like Forrest Gump to my car, I floor it to my dorm.

Several hours later I get a call, it is my dad. “Son, have you ever been tested for the spectrum?” 

TL;DR: Recreated Rain Man with the old guy from Up/nObligatory this didn't happen today but two days ago. I just finished taking a shower and my husband and I did what we call a hot swap (He got in as I got out). When I stepped out of the shower and grabbed my towel I knocked my husband's wash cloth off of the bar. Being the good wife that I am, I reached down to retrieve the cloth. Now, I should mention that my husband and I just moved to Massachusetts from Florida. We are not very experienced with cold weather or the heating methods employed in the Northeast. I thought nothing of it as I bent down to pick up his wash cloth. That's when things went bad. After a moment I felt a weird sensation. I slowly stood up as I started to process my mistake. When I bent at the waist my ass made contact with an active and uncovered stream radiator. Unfortunately it took enough time that when I pulled away the damage was done and the skin remained. Thankfully, the radiator was decorative so the burn looks kind of cool, but oh boy did it hurt wicked bad. 

TL:DR I bent over to pickup a washcloth and melted part of my butt on an extremely hot and active radiator. 

[Proof]
(https://imgur.com/75Thzpq)

Edit: for everyone who is wondering why the radiator isn't covered, we're renting. Also we don't have access to the thermostat. The radiators themselves reach up to 215 degrees F./nIf you didn't see my first post, it is right here https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/cba007/tifu_by_telling_a_dude_weve_been_watching_him_for/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

Today I told my mom about my previous post, made her read it, made her almost cease to exist from laughing so hard and then she says "Yeah, but that guy is pretty weird." And I say "Uhh why do you say that?" and APPARENTLY I am from a family of freakishly awkward individuals. 

You guys, my dad DID THE SAME SHIT AS ME and he just... forgot to tell me or my sister about it? (Thanks Dad, you're great.)

So he runs into My Dude at the store and he was like "oh hey, I see you running all the time! You're looking great! Keep it up!" My dad was a coach, so he's got the weird proud dad thing going on. My Dude just kind of looks at him...says "th-ankssss." And slowly backs away. 

The End.

JUST KIDDING. Then my mom proceeds to tell me she just saw My Dude running. 
Please read the following in stereotypical mom voice: 
"Oh my gosh, I saw him running the other day. His shoes look so bad! I almost stopped. I wish I knew his shoe size so I could get him new shoes! Should I stop and ask him?" 

Holy.Shit. 

(Don't worry, I said don't fucking do that mom Jesus Christ fuckin' figure it out.)
So now that I know I wasn't the first person to tell him that I've been watching him I feel REALLY bad. My family ladies and gentlemen.


Another Update
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/cc5bt3/tifu_by_telling_a_dude_weve_been_watching_him_for/
Tl;Dr
My whole family is awkward AF and told a guy we've been watching him run on separate occasions./nMaybe this is over dramatic, but I will forever feel horrible for this.

For some background, my kitten Bones is the runt of our latest litter, and is 10 weeks old. She’s really tiny, about half the size of her siblings. I say ‘mentally-challenged’ because she’s kind of stupid. By this I mean she walks into walls, off of edges, and into our other pets- and is completely stunned by this. She has to take a whole minute to figure out how to jump a short distance. At first we thought she was blind, but it turns out she’s just kind of slow I guess. When she wants attention or food she headbutts the wall. When she ‘runs’ she opens her mouth to breath and drools everywhere. She’s also somewhat cross-eyed, and also walks really weird, with her tail straight up, back legs bent like she’s crouching, and her ass half-way to the ground. We actually even named her Bones because when she walks, her hip bone juts out in a way that it’s very prominent. 
We took her to the vet last week, and he said she was perfectly healthy now besides breathing problems, but we should watch out for possible seizures in the future. He thinks she probably got dropped by her mom when she was a few days old, and that could be why she’s kind of weird.

So anyways, she’s my favorite little kitten out of the litter. Even though she’s quirky, she’s very loving and fun to play with. Her favorite thing to do is curl up against my neck and cuddle. 
Two days ago at 4 AM I had just finished binging GoT and went to go throw away the wrapper of a popsicle I’d eaten. She’s small enough to fit in my palm, so I got lazy and was carrying her and holding the popsicle wrapper in the same hand. This was a really stupid decision. 

I popped open the metal trash can and without even thinking, threw her and the wrapper in the trash. I didn’t even register it until I heard a loud thunk and strained ‘mrow’. It hit me and I rushed to turn the light on I could pull the top off and see inside. This happened to be the same night my mom decided to clear all the leftovers from the fridge into the trash can. So she was covered in a ton of old, sloppy food (mostly enchiladas and spaghetti). She also had somehow hit her face. She had a really bloody nose she kept sneezing from and I swear her head had a little bump that looked dark under the fur.

I panicked and took her to the bathroom to wipe her down. The second she heard the water she scratched the hell out of my hand and pissed and shit all over herself. I felt horrible. I got a washcloth and wiped her down the best I could, but she wasn’t happy at all and her bloody nose kept going. 
It eventually stopped but I still felt like shit. She didn’t trust me for the rest of the night or the next day, and kept running away from me. She didn’t eat at all and only laid in the same place. I was so scared I had given her severe brain damage or something crazy. She warmed up to me again, but I will forever feel horrible.

Also the scratches she gave me got infected and pus-filled, so there’s that. I deserve it. 

Tl;dr: Was too lazy to hold my runty and mentally challenged kitten and trash in different hands, so I accidentally threw her into a metal trash can so hard I gave her a horrible bloody nose and bump. Also got infected scratches from trying to help her, which I more than deserve.

EDIT: Bones is okay!! She’s still being her derpy self, walking off beds and into walls. Nothing is broken and she isn’t in any pain! She’s eating and running just like before :)
(Also fixed the post because my sister reminded me that she’s 10 weeks, not 8)

EDIT 2: Since so many of you asked, here she is!
https://imgur.com/gallery/9vy8T36

EDIT 3: I have decided I’m going to make up for this horrendous sin by dedicating the rest of my life to making sure she’s healthy, happy, and loved.

EDIT 4: I’m really sorry for flooding this posts with edits, but I’d like to keep you all informed. The commenters telling me I should get her checked anyways are right. Next week when Bones goes to get shots, I will have the vet check her out and I’m also going to ask about the chance of her still being potentially blind (many of you pointed out her unfocused eyes) and Cerebullar Hypoplasio (which her mama also has!). Because a week is a long time to be in potential pain, I’m having my mom’s friend (another vet) come over tomorrow to check her out and hopefully give me the brands of potential painkillers she can safely take as a baby. 
Thank you all for the advice and support! ❤️

EDIT 5: I’ve already gotten a dozen or so comments asking that I fix her mama because she shouldn’t be breeding if she has a neurological disorder. And I completely agree! 
But the problem here is that Bones’ mama isn’t my cat. She’s my sister’s cat, and my sister is refusing to fix her. She actually was going to, but then we found out she was pregnant with Bones’ litter, and spaying a preggo cat = murder in my sister’s eyes, I guess. 
I fully plan on spaying Bones ASAP! I disagree with breeding and if I could fix my sister’s cat, I would. 
Sorry if I confused anyone!

LAST EDIT: You guys keep asking for more pictures, so here you go! https://imgur.com/gallery/2XaqkJF
I’m also considering making some form of social media for her since a few people have asked!/nSo this happened a few days ago.  Throwaway for obvious reasons.

I had just gotten home from work (I work from 9-3) and I decided to take a nap for a few hours before I had to make dinner.  As I was starting to fall asleep I rolled over and then felt a weird pain in my left testicle.  It didn't feel like it had been hit, but rather like it was being squeezed.  I assumed I was laying on it or something and rolled again, but the pain stayed.  I wanted nothing more than to sleep and I knew if I had laid on it the pain wouldn't just go away instantly, so I tried my best to ignore it and managed to fall asleep.  This would turn out to be the biggest mistake of my life.

I woke up 2 hours later and I felt like my dick and I felt a pain greater than anything that I've ever felt.  My left testicle felt like it had been attacked by a cobra, and was having it's life slowly squeezed from it.  I knew right then something was wrong, I've been hit in the balls before, but this is something else.  I reached down to feel it and the whole thing just felt weird. My parents weren't home (I'm 17) and there was no way I'd be able to drive myself to the hospital, so I had to call my neighbor who rushed me there.  The pain was just getting greater as time passed to the point where I threw up out her car window at one point.

The first thing they did when I got there was give me some morphine.  This helped me a little, and I was able to stay still long enough for them to do an ultrasound.  While they were comparing my balls, the doctor told me that I was most likely dealing with testicular torsion.  For those of you who have only heard of that from Cards Against Humanity but have no idea what it actually is, basically it's when the spermatic cord twists, and cuts off the blood flow to the testicle.  If it isn't treated soon enough, the testicle could die and have to be amputated.  The doctor gave me a lot of crap for going back to sleep instead of taking the pain seriously, because I was really cutting it close time wise and they weren't completely sure if they were going to be able to save it.

I learned that the way to fix it would be to perform a surgery where they cut open the scrotum and manually untwist the cord.  They put me under, and I went to sleep praying that they would be able to save my testicle.

They couldn't.

Today's the first time I haven't been heavily medicated since the surgery, and I want to use this TIFU as a PSA.  If you think something might be wrong with your balls, TREAT IT LIKE IT'S SERIOUS.  I already have a low sperm count, and the doctor told me it's very unlikely that I'll be able to have kids now that I can only produce half as much.  Please guys, take care of your testicles.

TL;DR: Decided sleep was more important than my balls, lost half of the Juice Crew

Edit:  Holy shit gold!  Thanks for the support everyone.

Edit 2:  Anyone wondering how I know I have a low sperm count I did a test last year.  There's a history of infertility in my family and I took a test to know if having kids would be a possibility somewhere down the line/nThis is literally making me gag as I type it, as it just happened a few hours ago and is still painfully fresh in my mind. 

Backstory: I had a vasectomy a while back, and last week I finally got around to setting up the appointment to give a "sample" for testing. Today was the day that I had to submit. 

As I was groggily getting ready for work this morning, I remembered that I had to collect a sample. Cool, a legit reason to rub one out before work. I grabbed the lil cup that they give you and plodded into the bathroom. I fired up the ol' naked lady machine to get myself in the mood, did my thing, collected the sample in the cup, set it on the counter, and went into my usual morning routine of shower/shave/brush teeth/mouthwash/floss. Yes, I floss. (Get the little pick thingies, way easier than regular string floss!)

Anyway, I got out of the shower, got dressed, and prepared to brush my teeth. I poured a little mouthwash into one of those little Dixie bathroom cups like I always do, brushed my teeth, spit/rinsed, and grabbed the cup & tossed 'er back like a shot of whiskey. Guess which cup I grabbed, Reddit.

Yeah.

Yeah.

I grabbed the "sample" cup. The instant I threw it back, the smell hit me and I realized I fucked up by not immediately capping the sample after I collected it. Do you know what happens to jizz if it sits in a cup for a little while? It turns runny, like the consistency of whole milk or something. And since I knew *last week* that this appointment was going to be happening, I had been "saving up"  so that I could provide a nice sample size. Not all of it made it into my mouth, but infinitely more than I would have liked did. I simultaneously gagged and gained a completely new respect for what my wife does for me sometimes. I spit and hocked and horked and gagged for about 30 seconds, before I finally had the sense to put the actual mouthwash in my mouth. I'm not sure if I'm imagining it or if it's real, but I swear I can still taste it 3 hours later. I can *definitely* still smell it, so much so that I have checked my shirt and pants twice to see if I somehow spilled it on myself (I don't think I did).  Ugh, I feel sick.

**tl;dr - gargled my own jizz.**/nEdit: Holy shit guys! My first 'shared' fuckup and immediately it's fuckup of the week?! Jesus Christ! So let's get on with the formalities: I'd like to thank my friends and family who stood by me while winning 4th prize only to fuck it up afterwards.

----

This wasn't today, but I just discovered this sub, so here it goes...

I participated at a hackathon (a competition for coders to make something in around 2 days), and I won 4th place. The were five spots that would get a prize.

When looking at the things I won, it was a t-shirt and some coupons for using various services for free. It was nice overall.

I live in NL, and the Hackathon was held in US so I had the stuff shipped to me. When the mail man came he had a large box, and asked for 50 euros (around $60) import taxes. I said: "Wtf, is that shirt made of gold or something?".

So I took the box and it was quite heavy too, not the "just a tshirt kind of heavy". Stupid me still thought there was only a tshirt inside it. So he said: "if you don't accept it we'll take it back to customs where it'll be destroyed". So I said "Yeah take it I'm not gonna pay for shit I won, especially when it's just a tshirt".

A few days later, I went to my PC and an email popped up from the organisation stating: "Hey we added a laptop too".

I was like: "WTF?!". So I quickly called the postal office and the organisation to see if they could send it back anyway, but it was already with customs.

tl;dr I won a prize and then lost it again because customs destroyed it after I refused to pay import taxes./nThis happened an hour ago sadly, I work as a delivery driver for a Japanese resteraunt and it was really slow. Me and a coworker who im cool with were talking about messing around on the computers we use to take orders, so i had previously tried making the most expensive order of filet mignon and we decided to see how high of a bill we could get. It started off at 100 dollars for a single plate, doing every customization possible and adding as much as we could to it. But then i had the fantastic idea of seeing what the highest we could get using the quantity function. We ended up putting $541,000 worth of spicy mayo and thought it was pretty funny. The phone rang and my coworker picks up the phone, and instead of pressing cancel, sent the order. I grabbed the recipt as quick as i could but the damage was done. Our computers couldn't handle roughly 1 million orders of spicy mayo and anytime we tried to open the order to delete it, it would crash. Our boss, who isnt the best at english noticed the commotion and saw the problem. We all tried fixing it but it was no use and he called support. It ended up getting fixed but my record of not making any mistakes was tarnished with my half a million dollar order of mayo. 

Tldr: i ordered $541,000 worth of spicy mayo on our work computer and ended up messing up our conputers/nI like to eat in bed.  Little did I know it would almost kill me. This fine evening I decided to make myself a few sandwiches and sit in bed while browsing the internet. After finishing my sandwiches I put my ceramic plate on my nightstand next to the bed.  Brushed my teeth and went to sleep. 

Next morning I’m pretty horny and roll over and initiate with my wife. We do the deed and end up mostly on my side of the bed. After I finished I roll off her and intend to roll to the side of the bed with my butt on the edge and feet hanging off so I’m basically sitting on the edge of the bed. Well, I misjudged it and fell right off the bed. In the process of falling I knocked off the plate and proceeded to land directly on top it. Naturally it shatters. I felt no pain so my first thought was “damn, that was close.” My wife asks if I’m ok so I look down and see a large gash on my right knee cap, which for some reason wasn’t bleeding, a profusely bleeding puncture in my thigh next to my knee, and on my left foot, two more punctures that were mildly bleeding. 

Shit. Is this how it’s going to end, bleeding out on my bedroom floor while butt naked?  I tell my wife no, I’m not ok and urgently tell her to drive me to the ER.  She doesn’t realize how badly I’m bleeding since I’m putting pressure on my leg with a towel I found nearby, and proceeds to slowly get the kids ready and in the car before helping me put on some shorts, a shirt, and helps me down the stairs and into the car. 

We get to the ER and by that time I’ve miraculously stopped heavily bleeding. I find a wheelchair and wheel myself to the front desk to check in. Since I’m not noticeably bleeding anymore they didn’t give me priority. Eventually I check in and they ask what happened. I tell them exactly what happened except I left out the sex part. They legitimately did not believe me and asked if my wife did it. My wife then happened to walk in with the kids after parking the car so I motioned to her and told the receptionist “no, this is kind of embarrassing, but we had just had sex and I rolled off the bed, etc.”  

At this point a few other ER personnel overheard and started cracking up. The receptionist loudly asked my wife across the room “if it was true.” My wife embarrassingly nodded her head.

I get admitted and they remove the plate shards, stitch me up, and tell me to practice safe sex in the future since I literally could have died had the plate hit my artery. 

PS - we told our kids that mom and dad were “wrestling.” They still like to talk about how mom threw dad off the bed while wrestling and sent me to the hospital. It’ll be fun once they’re old enough to realize what we were actually doing. 

Tl;dr - left a ceramic plate on my nightstand. Had sex with my wife the next morning, fell off the bed, knocked over the plate, landed on the shattered plate, cut open my knee, thigh, foot, went emergency room, they didn’t believe me and thought my wife did it at first. Gave them a good laugh when they realized I was telling the truth./nI woke up today and it was like any other day so i thought.  As I disembark from the dream train and stumble into the bathroom to deal with my morning routine I notice my nose felt full.  I got excited because who doesn't like breaching the booger dam and firing boogers out like a rail gun.  

I blew gloriously and felt the sweet release of said booger dam. It was like buck shot into a tissue.  As soon as i did this i knew something was a miss. 

I got that odd feeling you get with a bloody nose.  Dripping but not quite snot, it was more fluid. I touched my nose with the tissue and realized it was soaked. We're not talking little drips of blood but full on red as can be.  I grab a tissue and move the old one to apply the fresh sponge , immediately it was pouring a rain of blood in my sink.  

As i hold a new tissue i start to realize I can't breath and my throat is getting full .. I spit in the sink and a golf ball sized glob of coagulated spit blood hits the sink like one of those sticky hands you get from the dollar machines.  

I went to the hospital and spent an hour with a close pin device on my nose until a doctor could see me. 

He takes his nose scope and tells me i have a busted vein and we are going to cauterize it.  

"Ummm like as in burn the inside of my nose to sear the vein closed ?" 

He walks in with a stick and tells me to hold his light.  I hold it and he goes spelunking poking around , and it immediately starts to burn like i poored hot sauce in my nose.  

Now i can't blow my nose for 3 weeks and it's cemented shut from dried blood.  Im uncomfortable.

TL;DR

I blew my nose to hard and had to get a doctor to cauterize the wound,  my bathroom now looks like a murder scene

Edit 1: alright. So i ate some 300,000 plus Scoville hot sauce because im a fanatic. I also had a few beers because why not.  Im hoping my cauterize doesn't loosen and unleash a red sea ride of hell. If i die from exsanguination i will post from beyond the grave.  Stay frosty my friends./nThrow away because my friends know my main account. I'm sure they'll hear about this at some point, but right now I really don't want to deal with being the butt of their jokes.

Anyway, I'm moving countries and have been selling my stuff in this last week. Today I sold the final item on our list of things to sell (apart from the car), to someone and offered to drive it to them because they couldn't fit it in their own. 

I get paid and put the cash in my wallet with the rest of the cash from literally everything else we sold and headed home. 

On my way back, there was a car stopped in the middle of a 2 lane/2 way road with a lady running around around her car, throwing her hands up in the air and looking quite helpless. I stick my head out the window and asked if she needed any help and it turns out that there's an injured pigeon on the road and she was trying to catch it to get it out of harms way. 

I get out and chase the pigeon, caught the little guy, and walked him out to a little area where I knew he'd be safe and went back on my way. 

When I got home, I realize that my wallet wasn't in my pocket. No Biggie, I must have left it in the car. 

Nope. 

I'm not really sure what happened, but I'm guessing I must have left the thing on my lap or something, got out and lost it there, but I could not find it when I went back. Nearly $6,700 down the drain. 

Maybe my fuck up was waiting until I sold everything before I put it into my bank account, or not just putting it in a fucking sock or something. Either way, I basically lost the earnings for everything I owned to this goddamn pigeon.

I hope that pigeon lives to be fat and plump because if I hear that a cat got him, it would have all been for nothing.

**TLDR: I sold everything in my house and got absolutely nothing for it because I lost my wallet whilst rescuing a fucking pigeon** 

*EDIT: Woah. I never thought this would get so much attention. I really appreciate all the love and all the lovely messages you've sent me. I also wholeheartedly agree with everyone pointing out how much of an idiot I was for keeping so much money with me in person (this is why I'm here on this sub). I fucked up big time.* 

*I spoke to my wife about it, and she's an absolute legend. I know she was upset, but she never overtly showed it and just told me that it will be alright and we'll get through it. I'm so lucky to have someone awesome like her in my life. I was panicking about this, but she's amazing. I think I owe her a big holiday sometime.* 

*Also, to those of you suggesting the gofundme thing, that's awfully generous of you. It's really cool to see people band together to do shit like that. There's a lot of stuff happening in the world right now gives me a bleak glimpse of what humanity has come to nowadays, but it's people like you who glimmer like diamonds in the dirt. You're awesome.* 

*I know it's a lot of money, but I've always strongly believed in facing the consequences of your actions (or inaction in this case), learning from it and moving on. The help is greatly appreciated, but it just doesn't sit right with me to have strangers fund a totally avoidable situation. I fucked up, and now I must deal with it. I'm also not completely broke or anything like that. We could've made it through fine without the money from our old stuff, but it's just a shame to have lost it all - especially since we considered shipping some of the more expensive stuff. Gah!*

*Those of you asking me to check back where I lost it, I have! So have the police. I mentioned in a comment that they were pretty certain I would never get it back. Either someone's picked it up, or an animal's taken it. They will keep an eye out for it. Also, it's a lot a money! Of course I've also thoroughly checked my car, and I definitely had it on me because I put the money into my wallet just before I drove off. The only stop was the pigeon rescue.*

*The lady could've been a scam artist, but it just seemed quite unlikely for a few reasons; she was driving a fairly expensive car, she was with me the whole time, she drove off just in front of me and she was alone. Perhaps there was an accomplice involved, there's no ruling that out, but it just didn't seem likely. I think I just dropped the bloody thing under my car when I got out and didn't see it when I got back to my car. I even vaguely recall seeing something in my rearview mirror as I drove away, but at this point I don't even know if that's just my mind making it up or something.* 

*Also, those of you wanting us to run over the pigeon - shame! That's terrible! I would've taken it home if I wasn't moving. I actually have no regrets saving the thing. I just wish I was more careful with our cash, or less lazy and less stupid. Lesson learned I guess.* 

*Thanks for all the e-hugs. You guys rule :)*

*Edit 2: Oh yeah, for those of you wondering how I fit that much money in my wallet, I'm not from America nor do I live there. I only converted the amount to USD because there are more Americans on here than any other nationality (ans besides, most people can relate to USD). We have bigger amounts in notes where I live, but yeah my wallet was still pretty thick!* 

*Also, for some of you who think I'm trying to scam people into feeling bag for me and paying me, as I said earlier, I do not want your money, nor am I asking for help. I just wanted to share a fuck up just like everyone else on this sub.*

*Hope that covers all the FAQ's!*/nSo a few weeks ago, me and the boys decided to have a nice little gathering and crack open a few cold ones round the fire. 
I had told my parents I would be back at 10, but didn't specify to them that I meant AM not PM, and that was my first mistake. 

Upon arriving at my friend's house, the clock drew 8:00, and I got a call from my parents asking if I was still coming home at 10... in the evening. Immediately, I tried to bargain, but to no avail (thus is the life of a teen raised by strict parents). They told me I would have to get a lift back home, but due to nobody being able to do such a thing, they said I would have to walk.
Angrily, I packed my things, drank one last coldie, said goodbye to the boys, and set off into the beyond.

To set the scene: my friend's house was in a town, surrounded on all sides by rolling fields and musty forests, and it was 6 miles away and 4 villages from my house.
I left the town, setting off at a brisk jog as the sun began to set. By 9:00 I had passed through Village 1 and made it safely to Village 2, by which point everything was grey. The sun had set, and night was on it's way. Feeling already defeated, and only 1 mile into my trek - I asked for a lift from a stranger, to which he replied "fuck off".

So at this point i'm just wandering country roads on my way home, but decide to take a shortcut to pass time. 
And this is where I fucked up.
I took a right turn after Village 2, and walked through endless fields, stood in fox shit, got cut all up my arms and legs (I was wearing a t-shirt and shorts) by tall reeds and thistles, and I got well and truly lost. 

By this point, 10:30, I had missed my deadline to return home, and was in the middle of nowhere in complete darkness - the only lights being the far away orange glimmer of Villages 3 and 4, and my hometown. It was still miles away.
Nevertheless, semi-drunk me thought he knew his bearings, and wandered aimlessly for another full hour, falling into ditches and getting caked in mud, until my iPod's battery finally died and my one source of light faded away.
I was next to a motorway, and I thought I was on the right side of it, however my home was across the sea of traffic (not really a sea, more of a stream due to the late night drivers). 

I decided against running across the motorway, because at this point I thought I was on the right side of it anyway. 
I eventually stumbled through a small forest and ended up in a cornfield. So bearing in mind, it's now 11:30PM, it's pitch black, and I can only see about 2 feet in front of me... oh yeah and i'm in a fucking cornfield.
So I continued my Outlast 2 journey, wandering through this massive maze of maize, until I heard rustling.
Barks soon followed, and I heard the padding of desperate hungry feet behind me.
"FUCK!"

I remember screaming, I ran faster than I ever had, as the barks of dogs chasing me grew louder and louder - and they were big fucking dogs, we're talking bloodthirsty Great Dames.
I was heading towards a tree, my only safety, when a blaring light shone across the corn, illuminating me and the dogs that now ran towards the source.
"OI! WHO THE FUCKS THAT!"

They thought I was a poacher - the farmer's wife and the farmer - but even after telling them that I was merely a lost crybaby 17 year old boy who wanted to go home (and had pissed himself) they still refused to give me a lift home. 
Until...
"Who are you talking to, Mum?"
A voice sounded to her left.
"Some boy, he's lost."
"What's his name?"
She told him my name, to which he replied with a laugh.
Long story short; I had ran onto the farm of my school bully's property, and after giving me a full-on fucking roasting, he and his mum drove me home at 00:00. 
I stumbled in, covered in my own piss, tears, fox shit, thistles, reeds, mud, and pollen (giving me a very nasty allergy and forcing my left eye shut). 
I didn't even talk to my parents, who didn't even ask if I was okay, and fell asleep.



Tl;dr: I walked home from a party, got lost, chased by dogs, and was rescued by my school bully.

Edit: numerous people complained about a lack of paragraphs so I have added them in, very sorry everyone. I was going to edit out "Dames" to "Danes" but apparently the misspelling is quite funny so i'm gonna leave it.

Thank you so much for giving me gold, this is my first proper post that took effort to type so i'm quite gobsmacked it was gilded, thanks again! :)/nSo I have this large fish tank (29 gallons) and every Saturday I clean it. I do my routinely clean and put a towel beneath the fish tank so no water spills on the table. I have a siphon thing that sucks up water and puts it into a bucket that I then dump outside. I then refill that bucket with water and put it in my fish tank. Well little did I know that during my last siphon cycle, my fish named Ted made it onto the towel—he’s really small and must have gotten sucked up by the siphon and fell out of it because I put my siphon on the towel since it’s wet and I don’t want everything getting wet. Well I go to take my towel downstairs and put it in the washing machine to make it clean since fish tank water isn’t exactly the cleanest. I then go back upstairs to admire my newly clean fish tank and notice that I can’t find Ted.  I looked for him all throughout the fish tank and couldn’t find him—this was weird because my fish tank is open and I can usually see all of my fish.  Anyways so I go downstairs again and notice that I don’t hear my washing machine—I go to check it out and realize I never hit start. I realize that I also have some other laundry to put in, so I run upstairs and grab it then go downstairs to put that laundry in. I open the washing machine door and I see it—Ted it right on the towel. I freak out and grab him, fill a glass with water in the kitchen and put him in. He didn’t move so I was panicking but then suddenly he flinches a little. After a few minutes he’s back to normal and I put him back in the tank. He’s all fine now!

TL;DR I put my fish in the washing machine after he got sucked out of my fish tank and on to a towel but didn’t run it so he didn’t die

Edit: I went to bed and this blew up thanks everyone

Edit 2: thanks for the Reddit silver!

Edit 3: check my most recent post on r/Aquariums to see Ted

Edit 4: do not worry, I dechlorinate my tank every time I clean it it’s safe

Edit 5: Ted is a clown pleco/nAbout 8 years ago, just before I went to University, my girlfriend at the time broke up with me.  Reasons included, but were not limited to:

-My weight

-My appearance

-Distance at different universities, 

blah blah blah, but very importantly, and I quote

"You've got the most annoying voice on the face of the planet"

Being my first girlfriend, I was heartbroken. In a good way. I decided to improve myself at University, the whole glowup procedure. I was going to a different University from all my other friends anyways, might as well start new.

I started working out, eating healthy, started doing more skin care. Ended up losing 60 pounds and getting a six pack.

I started looking up how to dress better. Out with baggy tshirts that hide my moobs, in with the fitted jeans and collared shirts. Got contacts, started learning how to style my hair. 

Took self-improvement classes, got some therapy, started being happier with myself. Started calling myself with my middle name instead.

And very very important... I started practicing an Australian accent. Stupid me thought hey, let's try and learn the sexiest accent out there.

By no means do I LOOK Australian. Heck I'm 3rd generation Chinese-Canadian.

But I got GOOD. I studied it religiously. Hours of practice. It got to the point even Australian Natives couldn't tell the difference. Problem was, I couldn't turn it off. Meh, s'okay, it's a good accent.

So now I LOOK completely different, SOUND different, and even go by a different name. Top it off with me moving to another province for work.

Now we start the FU.

Fast-forward to about 1 month ago when I started a new job. Boss is doing the rounds, introducing me to the team. He then introduces me to my cubicle mate/work buddy for orientation.

It's my ex.

And I start sweating bullets. This girl is triggering a massive flight response. I am TERRIFIED of her. I am ready to quit right there and then.

And she doesnt recognize me. At. All.

I obviously can't ignore her, so I try to play it chill. She starts asking me some generic get to know you questions.

"Where are you from? I love your accent! "Where did you go to school?" Etc. Etc. Etc.

I panic. And I lie. A lot.

"I grew up in Brisbane." (Nope. Kamloops)
"Did my MBA at UofT" (UBC)
"Oh yeah, totally miss Australia" (I went there once... During a layover)

And it keeps going. Can't be that bad right? Just one person that thinks I'm someone else.

And then we have a team ice breaker.
"Introduce what you know about your buddy to the rest of the team." Of course, my ex then introduces me with what I just told her...

And now, the entire team thinks I'm their resident Australian, and I'm now living a complete lie.

On the plus side, the ex asked me out for dinner?

TL;DR: Improved myself to the point I look like a different person, lied in my introduction to my ex, now I'm living a lie, and I'm now an Australian./nOk so this one happened a few weeks ago now, but it's permanently burned into my brain, So I have an inbuilt defibrillator, that will monitor my heartbeat and shock me if my heartrate raises above 180 BPM, and it plays an important role in my tale.

so, it's 3am and I feel like shit, really bad pain in my lower abdomen, at this point everyone else in my family has gone to bed, so after about 3 hours of suffering, I say fuck it. and decide to go have a shower. and it relieves the pain, though, because I was alone, in the shower, with no-one else awake, I say fuck it, may's well jerk off. and I'm going along and.

BOOM

 I black out. I come to, Scream for my mother (at first I thought I was having a stroke, oh the irony).
Turns out the combo of jackin' it and hot water bought my heart rate up to 217!

BOOM

I black out a 2nd time. my mother rushes into the bathroom and sees me with a raging boner. 

BOOM

I black out once more.
and collapse in the shower.


 my mother wakes me up, and calms me down (turns out being electrocuted tends to increase your heartrate) , as I get continually shocked. and I end up in the ER a 4AM in the morning, having to explain, to my own mother, and 3 female nurses, why my heartrate was so high at 3AM in the shower.



I will never live this down./nSo this happened about 5 years ago, but due to being new to reddit, I’ve never shared the story before. Anyways, I recently had started dating this girl, and one night we decide to go for a drive, as my parents were home and we were both feeling frisky. We get to a good spot, and I pull over and we get in the back seat. When the deed is done, I need to dispose of the condom I just used, so I pull up to a dumpster just down to the street and fling the condom out the window into the dumpster. Given it was very dark outside, I didn’t actually see the condom go into the dumpster, but I assumed I had made a perfect shot. 

The following morning, I had my mom bring my car in for maintenance, as the only appointment available was during the school day. About 10 minutes before the appointment started, I get multiple phone calls from my mom and decide to step out of class, as it might be an emergency. As soon as I answer the phone, my mom says “what the fuck,” which I knew was really bad, as she never swears. She tells me that when she got out to fill my tank up, she noticed a used condom stuck to the side of the car door. It turns out when I had thrown it out the window, it hooked around my finger and stuck to the side of my car door. My mom had driven my car all around town, and ran multiple errands with my used condom splattered on the car door. I still cringe thinking about it today. 

TL;DR: had sex in my car with my girlfriend and tried to throw my used condom out the window into a dumpster. Instead it hooked on my finger, sticking to the car door for my mom to discover the following morning./nI'm a dad of a beautiful 3 year old girl.  Any dad of a daughter will tell you that bathroom stuff is part of the deal.  If mom is not around, or tending to one of the others, I have to take my little girl into the men's room.  So this happened at a quiet little mom & pop restaurant.  It was just the two of us in there.  I wipe off and cover the seat so she can do her little tinkle...but then I realize I really have to go.  No big deal.  I just place her in the corner of the stall and say "don't move."
I start to pee.

I hear the door to the restroom open, meaning we are now no longer the only two occupants.  I hear two guys walk in.  As one of the sets of footsteps draw near, my little girl starts to back away from the door and ends up right next to me.  She looks down at what's going on (with an "open door" policy on the bathroom at home, and her two brothers...it's nothing she hasn't seen before) and loudly exclaims:  "Daddy!!  Look at your little penis!!"

What...the...

I hear the other guys in the bathroom kind of snort...and then let loose in laughter.

First of all...wow.  She's never said that before...or since.  Second...WHAT IS HERE FRAME OF REFERENCE!!??  

I didn't know what I could possibly say to make it any better.  I kind of wanted to yell out "Um..She's just kidding...it's normal size"  but I figured that any remark trying to clarify my size would just come off as creepy.  I just stayed in the stall until the other two guys left.  I couldn't face them.  I'm sure they were out there in the restaurant watching to see me come out so they could tell their wives about the guy who has a tiny wiener by three year old standards!!

TL;DR My daughter publicly insults my manhood

edit:  Wow, thanks for the interest everyone!  Also, for those concerned about "open door policy" I guess I should clarify that it's not so much a policy as a fact of life with 3 kids and 2 parents in a smallish house.  Everybody has seen everybody else's stuff and it's no big deal./nI work in IT at a graduate school at a large, semi-prestigious university.  

After attending to a call, I came back up the stairwell and as I opened the door I saw a yellow jacket (wasp) on the door frame next to the handle.

Keeping the door open (because I didn't want the little asshole to get spooked and fly off), I took my shoe off and THWAPED him pretty hard (perhaps a little harder than intended).  He fell, and I said to myself, "Good job, me, you saved the school".

Almost immediately after that, there's a school lockdown.  I'm told to get in my office, lock the doors and shut the lights off.  There's some important government people who work here, so I figure maybe they do this as a drill every so often so whatever.  But I'm still kind of nervous. 

I texted someone up at the front desk "wtf" and they texted back "there was a gunshot". 

I guess that staircase is pretty echo-y, because the next thing I know I'm trying not to laugh as police officer is questioning me, getting my information, and taking pictures of my kill like hes the fuckin wasp FBI.  At some point I heard mention of a SWAT team on standby.  It didn't even die, it was still wiggling around as he was photographing the crime scene.  

I can't work here anymore, everyone's calling me "shooter".  I was just trying to help.

nb4 swat jokes/nI'm a PhD student in Chemical engineering and doing research on gas hydrates. I do research using high pressure reactors. This morning I was taking the bus to work and mentioned on the phone to someone how we collect our high pressure samples using [sample cylinders](http://store.clarksonlab.com/images/products/detail/K27851.jpg)... Except... we commonly use the term "sample bomb"... And I said that on the phone... 

I got a few eyes on me but nothing too alarming until i got off the bus about 15 minutes later and 2 police officers were waiting for me. They asked me a bunch of questions and I tried to explain how a sample bomb isn't actually a bomb... They even made a few calls to corroborate what I was telling them before letting me go...

TL;DR Almost got arrested for using the research related term "sample bomb" in public./nThis happened over the past week, not just today. I stumbled upon someone’s insta via one of the many subreddits on here dedicated to girls in yoga pants. Big booties squeezed into tight smooth spandex, y’know the drill. A few I’ve followed via my own discreet insta account (ie not my main personal one). I have a thing for girls in leggings and yoga pants, a particularly throbbing thing, I’ll admit that. One specific account I stumbled across I’ve since learned is very much too close to home. At first I thought nothing of it and did my thing, as one does. But then I recognised a few things. First was a door, and then an entranceway to a house, and then as I scrolled down I recognised a kitchen, and then a living room. In case you haven’t latched on, the rooms I recognised were the very same ones in my house, and it dawned on me that the absolute only owner of this insta account that I’d been not only following, but also flowing over, was that of my one and only dear sister. I’ve since unfollowed and tried to forget about it, but had to write it down here for therapeutic purposes. Needless to say I won’t be letting her in on what I stumbled across or what happened.

TL;DR: I accidentally stumbled across, followed, and thouroughly enjoyed my sister’s anonymous Insta account until I realised it was her’s./nObligatory disclaimer: This happened a couple of months ago. My friends encouraged me to post here about it and today I decided to. I know, I know...

So, a good friend of mine invited me to a cowboy themed drag show he was putting on as fund raiser for a pretty bad flood that happened in our area recently. I accepted and showed up on time but realized pretty quickly that "on time" is early and no one really shows up early anymore. Should've known.

After the obligatory "hello's" and "how ya doin's" to my buddy and the other folks running the event, I found the bar and settled in. Drink in hand, I began scoping out the few people that had trickled in since I arrived. I didn't really expect to find anyone I'd be into at this event but hey, I'd gone through a pretty bad break up a couple of weeks prior and was feeling desperate for some action. 

After chatting with the bartender for a while I finish my second drink. Feeling a little loose, I turn around to check out the new arrivals when I notice an old friend of mine sitting alone at a table on her phone. 

I walk over, say hello and we begin to catch up. I hadn't seen Angela (nope, not her real name) in about a year and find out she was in from out of town and meeting up with a few of the folks I planned on seeing this evening as well. Score. We'd always had a mutual attraction to each other but never acted on it since I had always been in a relationship. Obviously I'm thinking that shouldn't be a problem now.

The night progresses and we meet up with all our mutual friends. We drink. We dance. We have a blast. Everything is going well and her and I are really hitting it off. 

Once the show ends, someone suggests we go to another bar and as a group, we all agree. Everyone is already quite drunk so inhibitions are pretty low. Angela and I made out on our way to the bar and I'm feeling like a boss ass player. 

One or two bars later and we end up at an after hours dance club. It should be noted that Angela and I pretty drunk at this point and I convinced myself that I'm some sort of amazing dance god. She's digging it even if I'm struggling to keep from falling down so I go in for the kill. 

"You wernt ta come over ter my place??"

I asked right before the beat dropped so I never actually heard what she said but it was something along the lines of, "Sure. I guess."

Fuck yes. I'm da best.

I call an Uber and we start heading towards my apartment. She has us stop at a 7-11 to get her a toothbrush and I grab an ice cream sandwich. This night is going way better than I thought it would. 

We get home and our clothes start flying off. My buddy had given me a couple of Viagra a while back so I pop one. I didn't want to get whiskey dick so it seemed like a good idea at the time. 

We start going at it and the Viagra kicks in. My Tony Stark turns into Iron Man and for about 15 minutes, we have amazing sex. I feel like such a boss. 

She flips over and prepares herself to ride Reverse Cowgirl. I remember thinking, "Hmmm. Things seem a little dry down there." just before she slams down on the saddle. 

You know that moment when you're in so much unexpected pain that your brain doesn't even really register it? You know something bad just happened but you don't really feel it yet. That's about where I was in that moment. 

I shout in pain and push her off. I look down at my boy and blood is shooting out of the front. Literally shooting out. The Viagra and high alcohol content are pumping out blood like the fucking Bellagio Fountains. 

I run to the bathroom holding my junk and jump into the bath tub. She comes careening in after me shout-asking what the hell happened. I shout-tell her to shut up and take a deep breath before examining the damage. 

Turns out, her forceful mount and lack of lube put an abnormal amount of stress on my bowstring (Frenulum is the technical term) and popped the little guy right in half. 

So here I am, sitting naked in the shower, unwillingly rock hard, drunk and bleeding an impressive amount. She becomes hysterical, starts crying and calls her Dad. 

Why her Dad? Well, apparently he's a doctor. Apparently she thinks he can give her some advice or home remedy to fix my broken bowstring at 4 AM in the morning. Yeah. I don't think so. 

You know what this guy says? "Why are you talking to me? Take him to the hospital." Thanks Angela's dad. Real helpful.

After about 15 minutes, the bleeding slowed slightly but I'm starting to feel pretty woozy. The shock of the situation finally subsides and I begin laughing uncontrollably. I think, "This is what's happening to me right now. Everything I've done in life has led up to me boner bleeding in the shower. This is what I have become." 

Angela puts some clothes on and grabs the keys to my car. She tells me to get out of the shower and meet her out front to go to the ER. I tell her she better Yelp the best one because I'm not having some 4 star doctor handle my precious wounded hog. She's not very happy with me at that moment.

As I shamble out of the shower and gingerly put some clothes on, I look around for the nearest object to carry my broken junk in. Maybe a smart person would grab a towel but nope, I grab a wide mouth Mason jar that was sitting on the counter and tuck my dick and balls in that. Why both? It was just more comfortable that way. 

The blood isn't coming out as much at this point but I still have an erection. Pants pulled up to my thighs and holding the bloody Mason jar between my legs, I walk outside and get in the car. 

We drive the 5 minutes to an Urgent Care (5 star rated on Yelp, of course) and I walk in there with all my glory showing and no fucks to give. There's a few people in the waiting room but the guy behind the counter doesn't want me sitting in there with them because my pants aren't pulled up so I get the VIP treatment and see the doctor right away. 

I explain the situation to Dr. Ted while Nurse Caroline takes my Mason jar and throws it away (I mean, I didn't want it back I guess). Ted is in his late 60's and and Caroline isn't far behind in age. Ted gets the thing clean and puts pressure on it when he drops the bad news. 

"OP, the bleeding isn't really going to stop with out putting pressure on it. I don't want to stand here all night and hold your [Glorious Member] so we're gonna have to stitch it up." 

NOPE. 

I ask if there's anything else we can do. Literally anything else. Glue? Bandaid? Caroline puts pressure on it? No dice. 

In a last ditch effort, I ask for some sort of anesthetic but he explains that would be more painful than just getting the stitches. 

Caroline holds my hand. I glare at Angela. Ted puts 3 stitches in. I cried. We all bonded. 

Angela and I drove back to my place in silence. She left back to her hotel shortly after we got back. We haven't talked since then but I like to think the conversation with her dad the next day was very awkward. 

Three days later I got the stitches out. Ted and Caroline weren't there so I had to explain the story to a whole new set of people. They laughed, a lot. I left them a 5 star review on Yelp. 

TL;DR I thought I was a boss ass bro getting a one night stand. Ended up breaking my dick and going to the ER. 

EDIT: Thanks for helping me get to the front page, all the kind words, and of course, the sweet sweet gold. I read all your comments and laughed a ton. My day has been made and I have a permanent smile on my face thanks to all of you./nI walk into starbucks and take my place at the end of a rather long line. I notice in front of me a group of about 10 adult men who have Down Syndrome who are on a "field trip" and being chaperoned by an older woman. The woman turns to me and says "we are going to be a while, why don't you go in front of our group." She then loudly announces to her entire group that I will be skipping ahead in line and that it's ok. I thank her and begin to walk up the side of the line, looking at each man in line as I pass to ascertain whether he has down syndrome, and continue forward to find where their group ends and my new place in line is. I lock eyes with the frontmost man who has Down Syndrome, and slide into line in front of him. A few moments later I get a tap on the shoulder, and the man I had moments ago locked eyes with begins to explain in a broken, defeated voice that he's not with that group. I respond "oh, I'm sorry, I thought you were..." and my voice trails off as I realize that I had mistaken this rather unattractive man as having down syndrome and pretty much everyone in starbucks saw it go down. He stood there uncomfortably shifting on his feet for a moment and then B-lined it for the door, didn't even get his coffee. So awkward. I can't even imagine the damage I did to his self esteem.  

Edit 1:
/u/Cyae1 has contributed an audio narration of this fuck up
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WqkifqmAzyQ

edit 2:
I am very happy to announce that all feelings of shame I've been harboring today after this incident have been completely erased by /u/Fameless kind contribution of reddit gold. If it is ever possible to monetize this reddit gold I have every intention of donating said monies to some retarded charity.  

Edit 3:
I originally expressed it as "being Down syndrome". Lots of people pointed out I should say "a person who has Down syndrome". So I fixed that. /nHad to create an account just to tell you guys this story!

Though it was several days ago that I shaved my asshole, it is this morning that I had to face the consequences.

My girlfriend and I decided to shave our sexy parts together earlier this week, so we did. I shaved my pubic hair down to the skin. Like a baby's bottom. For some reason, I thought my asshole looked a little messy, so I went to clean it up a little bit. The more I shaved, the cleaner it looked, so I just clipped the surrounding hairs down very close to the skin.

A couple days later, I'm at work and my asshole is irritated. I thought nothing of it and I continued my day. It wasn't severely painful.

Then it became severely painful the next morning. I took a look at what's going on down there and I have some ingrown hairs that look like little red mountains of pain and grossness.

This morning, I took my throbbing asshole to the immediate care center, where the doctor had to correct ten ingrown hairs right on the area I can only describe as the "taint." I was laying on my back with my legs in the air, feeling the sensation of having my taint pierced nearly a dozen times.

I feel better now, but I will never shave my asshole again./n Tuesday I fucked up by posting this story without reading the sidebar. Sorry. But alas, it's the weekend and anything goes, so I'm reposting it.



 Today I fucked up big. Oh man, where to begin. It all happened so fast, and fell apart so early. I'll start by saying I've been single for about two years now. I settled down early, at 14, and then spent the next 20 years with the same chick. Since she left, I've been forced to rediscover myself as an individual. I'll get to the point. The one thing I actually enjoy about being single is the fact that I can fart whenever and however loud I want. I want to fart on my kids? No problem. I want to Dutch oven myself? Absolutely, smells great. I want to hard fart on the couch? Please do.


Two a.m. last night seven year old daughter, Grace, has a nightmare and joins me in my bed. Six a.m. Half asleep and I make perhaps the worst decision of my life. I should mention here that I get the occasional bout of constipation. Yesterday was day four so I decided to take a laxative to ease things along a bit. The instructions said take between one and three for "natural relief". Six p.m. last night I took the three and waited for my "natural relief". Back to six a.m. Grace is the big spoon and I feel a hard fart coming on. Half way between consciousness and slumber I push a hard one out. I feel a HOT, not warm, hot, and wet, liquid THEW shoot out of me. Grace comes to and is covered from mid chest to knees in hot yellowish daddy shart. It shot clear through my pajamas. She wipes the sand out of her eyes and you can see it clicking on her head. She glances down and looks like she just found her pet’s decapitated head next to her. She immediately starts screaming. Her screams turn to tears as she stands up in the middle of my bed, dripping dad's colon sludge. She's screaming and crying, I'm apologizing and crying. All of this wakes up the five year old boy. He groggily stumbles into the bedroom and when he realizes what's happening, proceeds to full-on bend-over guffaw. I'm now holding my still exploding ass, Grace is losing it on my bed, and the boy can barely breathe as I make my way towards the bathroom. I get to the door where my son is, and before I can waddle past him, I notice his pants are wet. This boy laughed so hard, and on a count of the early hour, he pissed himself. "David, you're pissin yourself!" I scream ironically, whilst holding my shit filled jammies. He responds by laughing harder, falling on the floor, curling up into the fetal position, and continuing to empty his bladder. I'm in tears and covered in shit, Grace is in tears covered in shit, David is laughing hysterically in a pool of his own piss, and the dog starts to bark. My oldest daughter is home sick from school and wakes up in the commotion, and is now watching all of this like a horrified deer caught in the headlights. 90 minutes later, David has finally calmed down, everyone has showered and it's fucking silent as I try to feed them breakfast. A quiet ride to school an hour late and we have to stop by the office to get a note. The attendance secretary asks David why he's late and he busts out laughing again. Grace looks at me and screams “don't tell them anything", and goes tearing down the hall towards her class. It takes another three solid minutes to calm David down. I'm sure he went right in to class and told everyone. Grace hasn't said a word to me or made any eye contact with me since this morning. I think I may have really damaged her. I don't know if I can somehow blame all this on being a single dad to garner some sympathy, but I'll try. I'd hard being a single dad; even harder to look your daughter in the eyes after shitting on her. Ok, now comes the really bad part. Today is Grace's eighth birthday.





UPDATE: Grace said nothing to me on Tuesday, didn't look at me either. I gave her space and she kept to herself. Not her brother or sister, she didn't even want anything to do with the pets. The kids go with their mom on Wednesdays and I pick them up from school again Fridays. Since her birthday fell on a week day, we’re celebrating it this weekend and I need to make this one count.


 Thursday morning I get a phone call from her mother that wakes me up. I'm sleeping on the floor as my mattress is in the backyard waiting for a truck to take it to the dump. I can't tell you how much I dreaded answering that call. This is not going to be a positive conversation. I answer the phone to a good four seconds of silence.


“Hello?”


One one thousand, two one thousand, three one thousand, four one thousand.


“WHY THE FUCK WOULD YOU LET SARTRE SLEEP IN YOUR BED TO SHIT ALL OVER OUR DAUGHTER ON HER FUCKING BIRTHDAY, ASSHOLE!!!?”


Wait, what? Did Grace lie to her mother or does she actually believe that the dog did this to us? Is her little eight year old brain too naive to comprehend her daddy sharting all over her? I mean it was early. It was a confusing fucking mess, but could she have been that confused? I never said I shit on her, just apologized. I thought it was obvious.  Maybe she thinks I was apologizing for letting the dog sleep in the bed.  My mind is racing as the ex continues to ream me.  Perhaps that’s why Grace didn’t want anything to do with the dog and ignored everyone. I apologize to the ex, and she finishes up yelling at me as I explain that I didn’t even know Sartre was sick and maybe that’s why he jumped into bed, to let me know he was sick. (Is this working, is Graces mom actually buying this shit? Am I actually getting away with this? All of this rushes through my head as I put forth the sick dog hypothesis.) I picked up Grace today from school. She seems o.k. She’s talked to me a little. Just demands though, “I’m hungry,” “can we change the channel?” that sort of thing. I don’t dare push the subject too hard, (after all, pushing got me into this predicament in the first place), but I’m kinda dying to know if she knows that it was me. How do you broach that subject with someone? Should I count my blessings and let it go? Do I just sacrifice the dog like that; Sartre taking one for the team, literally not existentially? The existence of the shit precedes the essence of my guilt, or something like that.  Maybe I’ll just save the ‘I shit on you on your eighth birthday’ bombshell for her 18th birthday. Fucking parenthood, huh?
   

Edit: tl;dr. I woke up this morning and covered my seven, now eight year old in a hard shart.
Edit 2: I've tried to fix the formatting, I wrote this in word and it got screwed up in transition 

Edit 3: Holy shit, thanks for all the gold, I wish I could say I was proud of my first gold./nThis happened a few years ago, long before the resurgence of IT...

My mom is an artist and made me an assortment of life sized Halloween decorations. A 12 foot tall grim reaper, with scythe, a bandage wrapped mummy and... a 6 foot tall, stocky, murderous clown. This creature was the source of nightmares. It had crazy clown hair, dead eyes and held a decapitated head in one hand. 

Both my roommate and I hated this clown. I had nightmares about it crawling up the stairs to murder me in my sleep. So it was normally stored, in a corner of the basement, facing the wall. 

One night, I was feeling particularly pranksterish, so I hauled the clown out of the basement, and positioned it in my roommate's closet. The closet had sliding doors, so when you opened the door, the clown would fall out. 

I took some fishing line, tied a bell to the end, placed it in the closet, and wrapped the rest out of her room, down the hallway and into my room. And waited.

She comes home, goes to bed... 

And I wait.

Around 2 am, I start pulling on the fishing line, making the bell jingle. 

She got up, expecting one of my cats to have trapped themselves in her closet, flings open the door... 

And the most blood curdling scream I've ever heard filled the house.

She moved out shortly after. 

Edit: holy shit this post blew up. No, I'm not a corporate shill, but if you know where you get hired for such things, let me know. Also, it would appear everyone assumed I was a guy... I'm a chick. We have evil streaks too. 

TL;DR Hid life sized clown in my roommate's closet. Needed to find new roommate. 
/nTL;DR after the story.

First of all, YES, you read it correctly. 

So me and my girlfriend are quite childish and dumb tbh. We like to mess around, say stupid things and altogether goof around.

Straight to the point. Happened today. Came out from the shower after a little fun time in bed, dried myself in the shower so was buttnaked. Girlfriend wrapped in a towel laying on the couch browsing social media. 

I walk up to her and just stand on the couch and state to her that I'm planting my ballsack on her face. Not a biggie. HERE COMETH THE FU. She laughs about it and i tell her to take a picture of it. She uses snapchat to take it and shows the ridiculousness of a picture of my hairy buttcrack and spikeless hedgehog looking ballsack. Again, we laugh about it and she decides to SAVE the picture. I try to interfere and aim for the 'BACK' button on her phone to send the picture to bytehell. I press it and she sets her phone down on the table.

Well on snapchat there is this one button that adds snaps straight to the 'My story' which can be viewed by all her contacts for those who didn't know. And conveniently enough it's positioned right next to the 'Back' button of her phone. And I happened to press THAT instead of the 'back' button. 

Flash forward couple minutes, she pics up her phone as I'm in the toilet and starts screaming "OMG" "NO" and stuff. I'm like "ha, she did something dumb". She proceeds to tell me that THE snap went out for every single one of her contact's to see. She recieves messages asking wtf is going on and most importantly, WHY the f***. She's very embarrassed as she takes it out of her My story and tells me she may cry a little. 

So I guess me and her are just gonna stay home for the rest of our lives and try to avoid every friend of ours. Idk might aswell move to Alaska.

TL;DR 

I let my girfriend take a selfie with my ballsack on her face for laughs and accidentally send it to 'My story' on snapchat for all her contacts to see for several minutes./nDo I get bonus points? This happened less than an hour ago and I'm still laughing. 

I had been expecting a delivery all day, but I had to get ready for work. "I'll grab a fast shower, what can go wrong?" Ha. Hahaha. I was shaving my legs when I heard the doorbell ring repeatedly, and my 120-lb German Shepherd going ballistic. I knew this was a delivery I would have to sign for, so I leapt out of the shower, fumbled for my glasses, and threw on a towel. I didn't notice that I was still dripping soap at this point. (This is important later on).

I THOUGHT I locked my dog in my room as I ran to the door, but I guess the door didn't shut all the way (also important). So I opened the front door, hiding behind it to maintain some decency as I scribble and drip on the pad the poor driver offered me. Then I hear it- the dreaded sound of paws racing across hard wood. My moron dog slips in a puddle of soap, looses his footing, and crashes into the door, sending me, towel, and scribble pad flying. I landed on my ass, naked as the day I was born and sopping wet, sitting on the very same scribble pad. The poor driver got a very X-rated look at my tattooed hide as I scrambled for my missing towel (somehow it landed halfway across the room), one hand across my tits and the other trying to cover my half-shaved lady garden. I stammered an apology as he grabbed his scribble pad and practically RUNS to his truck, so red his ears might be smoking. 

My furry asshole of a dog is now watching me type this and I swear the bastard is laughing at me. Fuck my life.


Edit: holy shit! This is rapidly turning into one of my highest posts, and one of you crazy bastards popped my reddit gold cherry! Awesome :D now WTF do I do with it?

Edit edit: yup, this is now my top post AND made the front page. I love you screwballs./nI fucked up big. I should start by saying this happened today and my bathroom is perfectly clean.

At about 4 today I was dropping my kids off to the pool and around the 3rd wipe I went DEEP and was terrified to feel something down there start wiggling. At first I was like OH FUCK and started to retreat before I realized some kind of bug must have managed to get up on the toilet seat and got swiped right into my ass as I was reaching around.

Heres the fuck up. Once I realized what was going on i had the instinct reaction to push and squeeze this little fucker in as many ways as I can to guarantee once i pull out the wad of TP that hes gonna be 100% dead. Immediately regretted this 10 seconds later upon having half a centipede in the toilet and the rest of him caught in my half-wiped asshole. 

TLDR centipede managed to get in my back door and I made him leave in pieces/nIt started out like any other Saturday, but today was Mike's 19th birthday and I wanted to do something nice for him. It was three in the afternoon and I had no gift ready and his big day was already halfway over. As I'm sitting in my dorm room and I come to the conclusion that I now am of legal age to rent a stripper. With this idea in my head, I raced down the hall and find my two close friends and I pitch my idea to them. They love it.
My next step is to ask my floor RA If there are any rules against having strippers in the on-campus dorm rooms. My RA thinks I'm kidding but he asks his supervisor anyways. After they look it up, there is no rule against strippers in the dorm rooms, so our college gave us the green light. Bingo. So how do 3 eighteen-year-old college kids find a classy stripper hours before the big day, they hit up Yellow Pages. I called some company and the operator give us a quote of $300 an hour. Now to three college kids, 300 bucks is a fuckboat of money. I said "thank you, will keep looking", but in the back of my head we dismiss the idea and moved on with our day.
Fast forward to 6 PM, I get a call back from the stripper company. The lady says she can do $200 for half an hour and transportation costs. Honestly, we don't care how long the stripper is here, we just want to say we got our friend a stripper for his birthday. 200 bucks split three ways is still a lot of money, so the three of us rounded up six other kids and split the cost nine ways. Mike was going to get Virginia's classiest two hour notice stripper. The operator puts me in contact with a stripper, and as soon as I start talking to this girl I realize how big of a mistake we had just made. This stripper probably drank rocks as a kid. Without any photo evidence of who she was, we told her to come and she drove 45 minutes south to our college.
I greet her when she arrives and she steps out of the car and I thought maybe she was the escort for the real stripper, but I was sadly mistaken him. Maybe this girl was a soft 2 out of 10, oh and she was 32. Looking at her, I was ready to pay her to keep her clothes on. Well we already invested the money, no turning back now.
Mike was having a really bad day, and his fraternity was having a social with a popular sorority right before the stripper was about to arrive. We planned everything out in secret so we would surprise him and we couldn't have him leaving before the big surprise. I call his big brother in the fraternity and tell him to keep Mike at bay. Now on top of Mike's terrible day, he gets a phone call saying that he is not allowed to come to tonight's social and he's in trouble. I walk the stripper from her car to my dorm room and I try my best to make small talk. How do you even make small talk with a stripper? For the three minute walk she was able to tell me about the time she was raped as a kid, how she watched her dad get shot in the face, and about her two kids in high school. Lovely.
I get to the room where all the guys are waiting and I knock on the door three times. The room erupts in chaos as nine college boys turn into rabid dogs. The stripper and I walk in and my friends faces turn from astonishment to terror. One of my good friends looks over at Mike, pats him on the back and says, "uhhh Mike, happy birthday dude, we bought you a stripper" and to my astonishment, he sprints over to the sink and throws up. The stripper then has an emotional breakdown and sits in my chair and starts crying. Birthday boy is up chucking his birthday wishes and the Chipotle he ate for lunch, and crazy stripper mom is hysterically crying in a chair in front of 8 now less horny boys.
After 10 minutes of dead silence from us and the stripper hysterical crying, I tell her it's okay, you can leave, we'll work something out. Having already paid her in cash, we exit the building and I bring up a refund. This is where all hell breaks loose. The stripper start screaming at me saying she does not give refunds, and threatens me with rape charges. I call the company and try to work something out, but they tell me that they have fired the stripper and they are no longer affiliated with her. I tell her if we don't get our money back I'm going to call the police.
I dial 911 on my phone but do not press the call button. What I didn't know at the time was that when you dial 911 from my phone, it automatically sends the call. The phone is not my ear, but all the dispatch officer hears is a lot of shouting over money and rape. Within 45 seconds, four police officers are running at the two of us who are standing in the middle of our quad with flashlights in our faces screaming our Maranda rights. Both of us have no idea what's going on, but now the stripper is hysterically crying again. The police officers catch her lying in between sentences when she is giving them a description of tonight's events. This stripper is so dumb she contradicts herself in every other sentence.
The next thing I know my guys come outside of our building to help tell the story and all hell breaks loose. The cops are cracking up asking why we would ever hire a stripper when we're all sober. The crazy stripper gives us her phone number, date of birth, and fake name, and goes on her way. The police officers pull us to the side, give us a hard look and one of them said "this is why you never order a stripper off yellow pages". So far I have received 44 calls from crazy stripper mom, and there might be a civil lawsuit involved.
TLDR: Bake your friends a fucking cake for their birthday./nIce had a great run... 5 years of causing all sorts of mischief, listening to the kids' Christmas wishes and reporting back to the big man in red if they'd been naughty or nice. Alas, I have killed him. Completely disemboweled, actually. The kids' horror was the worst part as I contained my vulgarity. Apparently the lights in the light fixture that he was placed on that I previously thought were LEDs, are, in fact, not LEDs. I flipped on the light in the kitchen to make myself a cup of coffee and the kids were having some breakfast before school. It wasn't long before an awful aroma filled the house... It took a minute but once I realized what was happening it was too late... Ice the elf had a massive hole in his gut and burn marks on this thighs. The kids screamed bloody-freakin'-murder at the sight of their beloved elf on the shelf dripping his insides all over the table and floor. Oooops. "Have a great day at school kiddos! "[https://imgur.com/a/g4WO0E2](https://imgur.com/a/g4WO0E2)

&#x200B;

TL;DR I completely disemboweled my kids' elf on the shelf/nFor the largest part of my life, I have been using spray deodorants. It's the first thing I ever used, and I have never had a reason to switch to a stick type. 

Right before last Christmas, I was beginning to run out of deodorant. The one I use is rather expensive, at least by my standards, so I put it on my wishlist for Christmas. Christmas comes around, and I was happy to pack up a new deodorant. There was, however, a catch. This one was a stick type of deodorant, as the ones who bought the present couldn't find the spray version. I had never tried a stick type before, but I didn't care enough to replace it. 

I quickly learned that it didn't smell as much. The smell was much thinner. I just shrugged it off, because it seemed obvious that a solid deodorant wouldn't smell as much as a liquified one.

Months went by. I used the deodorant every day. I no longer smelled as much as before, but nobody ever commented it, so I never gave it much thought. 
What was raising questions in my mind though, was that I didn't have to push the bottom up once. Keep in mind this was 6 months after I had been using it every. Single. Day. Either something wasn't right, or I was going to be stuck with this deodorant, that didn't smell as much as the other, for ever. So, I went on to inspect the stick.

I never had to remove any cap, so maybe there was one?  It would have to be pretty transparent, but I checked anyways. I pushed the bottom up, and... THERE WAS A LEDGE! I tried to pull the thing off, but it wouldn't move. I was afraid I would break the entire stick, so I gave up trying. It was the same colour as the rest of the stick, so it made sense if it was just a part of the mold. There wasn't a cap after all then. Except... What if I twisted it? And so I did. 
I slowly applied pressure, and slowly air bubbles started to appear under the surface of the stick, and POP! The cap was off. I was shocked! I realized I had not been using a deodorant, but a plastic cap... FOR 6 MONTHS!

It is amazing nobody has noticed any smell...

Tl:Dr: TIFU by not removing the transparent cap on my stick deodorant, and therefore using the cap as a deodorant for 6 months.

Edit: Link to a video of the deodorant and the cap. Trust me, my girlfriend and my family has confirmed I haven't smelled. Maybe I lack the gene everyone is talking about, or this is a mystery.

Video link: https://youtu.be/dA9H2lttVfE (credit to u/qwerty1134)/nThis happened last thursday but Im still very terrified at the thought of this ever getting out. Im married and work at a fabrication plant in the offices. I get moderately high at work a few times a week like a lot of people here do. Not a smart thing to do, i will admit that. I wont go into too much detail other than i do a lot of data entry, very monotonous. 

Got to work at 7, get some tasks and emails out and hit my vape pen with a thc cartridge at about 8. At 9 which is breaktime, im roughly at a (4), little more than a headchange. Coffee has given me bubbleguts so I head to the shitter upstairs, instead of the one neareast me. I had no idea how good of a decision this was until later. I do this bc there are a higher ratio of female employees upstairs so i dont have to wait for a stall as much as the crowded one on ground floor. 

Go in, no one is there so im thinking hell ya ill drop these turds and maybe rub one out if i can. This is also nothing new as i have jerked it plenty of times at work. So the bowels are empty and im on xvideos, midway thru a sunny lane doggy scene and getting close. Due to the fact that these stalls are narrower than the ones downstairs, my leg starts to cramp. Instead of finishing in a handful of TP, i decide ill stand up , tuck back, and blast my seed into the toilet.

I stand up quickly to execute my plan, start to cum, and everything goes black. I come to out of foggy blackout world and im laying on my side. One of the stoner maintenance guys is shaking me loudly whispering hey dude! Wake the fuck up! Hurry man cmon! I have no idea what has happened but my phone is beside me still displaying the now stopped video. He goes look man put your dick in your pants. Breaks been over for a couple minutes someone will be here any time. Hurry the fuck up. Im still very dulled but quickly get penis in pants and my stomach feels sick. Christ im getting fired. 
He says look im not judging and i wont say shit but if someone else had found you, youd be in serious shit. 

Apparently when i stood up, the drop in BP, coupled with thc and endorphins from climax gave me an instant KO. He says fix yourself man i gotta go back to the floor. He unlocks the door to which i say whyd u lock the door? He goes well i walked in and half of you is laid out under the stall, dick out, and phone on floor with porn. I need a job like you do so i tried to help and hoping you werent dead or somethin. I thank him a LOT, and im about to cry. He laughs a lil and says its cool man dont worry i wont say shit. BUT, for real, do you know where i can get some flower? Ive seen you vaping but they hirt my chest. I say yeah ill holler at you after work. 

He leaves. I have a red mark on my face from laying on the floor and red eyes. Go back to my office, put drops in, and nervously try to shake this whole thing off which is pretty much impossible. By 3pm, ive calmed down but scared that this person, while helpful, may very well have taken pictures of my extremely exposed situation. Italk to him in the parking lot where we laugh about it, mine is forced. Tell him ill find some flower and we part ways. 

I do NOT tell my wife as she will undoubtedly be mega pissed. She doesnt have a problem with MJ generally, but doing it at work, jerking off in a stall and blacking out will be a bad fucking deal. As I previously stated, im still on edge when i think about the very real possibility of this coming back to bite me, even after being insanely lucky. FML. 

TL;DR, masturbating at work while high and passing out is extremely risky. You probably wont be saved by a fellow pothead samaritan.

Edit: i know some people have the same f’d work habits as i do, and i just wanted yall to be careful. Did not expect gold. Thank you so much. For those asking yes im still very shook up over it and have decided to quit or at least lay off the trees for a little while. I may go to therapy also. And also yes dude now speaks to me every time he sees me. He doesnt wink or make any weird “i know what you did last thursday” faces. But he does. 

Edit2: i am very well aware my decisions were absolutely idiotic. This is the only job where i have been high or masturbated. No i dont think it is acceptable, not in the slightest. A lot of people here get high bc its well known that the ceo is a cokehead and looks the other way. Once i started the  habit of getting high, the other started soon after. MJ makes me horny, it is what it is. Regardless, some of the messages ive received are beyond hateful. Yes i fully admit, i was a fucking idiot. Yes i have very much learned from my mistake, more than i can express in words./nSo, this morning I got off work and did my normal routine. Leaving my glasses in the bedroom, my legally blind self stumbled down to my bathroom to take a nice scalding hot shower. While in the shower I grabbed the bottle that looked like my normal bottle (Forgetting that I was out and had moved my shampoo from its normal shelf the previous day), popped the top and got a decent bit and lathered on up trying to do my best Santa impersonation to be festive... I noticed that the smell was a little off but, didn't pay it much attention. At least not at first. As it continued on and I rinsed it off I noticed the smell again and realized that it wasn't my normal shampoo. I had, in my blindness grabbed the bottle of the dogs shampoo and unknowingly used it until it was too late. 

I didn't think much about it at first and was laughing at myself when I got out and toweled off. However, after my shower I go to bed and normally my dog will come and cuddle/lay with me for a little bit until I pass out. But, for some reason, my puppy was nowhere to be found... So, I set out on the search for him and finally found him hiding under an end table obviously stricken with fear. I coax him out and can't figure out what up with him and why he is acting so weird. Then it hits me... I smell like a bath to him and he has a huge fear of them. Needless to say, its been a few hours and he still won't come around me. On the plus side, now my hair is super fluffy, my skin isn't dry, and I should be tick and flea free for the next month or so!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Tl;DR- I used the wrong shampoo, now my puppy won't come near me for fear of a bath.

Edit- shoutout and thanks to the person who gave out the silver award! 

Edit#2- make that, thanks to the 3 of y'all who gave this silver./nThis happened on Saturday. My friend threw a party at a JCC for his kid's 1^st birthday. They had food and music and there were some tumbling mats and a bouncy castle for the kids to play on. At one point the kids sat down to eat and the tumbling mats were empty so I decided (being a kid at heart) that I would try to do a cartwheel into a back-handspring and show off my gymnastic abilities (despite having not tried this in many years when I weighed a lot less). I went into the back-handspring and my arm gave out causing me to land with all my body weight on my head and shoulder. I forgot those mats provide very little padding and are made for doing forward rolls and not breaking someone's fall. I played it off like I was ok, because I felt like an idiot and I didn't want to traumatize any kids, and stayed to the end of the party with my shoulder and neck in considerable pain and not being able to lift my arm. Went to the hospital later and x-ray revealed I have a broken collarbone (I was admitted to the pediatric ward at the hospital despite being in my 30s for some reason). I just started a new job this week, so now everyone I meet is asking me how I hurt my arm and this story is so embarrassing, on top of that I am in the process of moving and I have to somehow pack up and move all my things with one arm. This sucks, and I only have my idiot self to blame.

TL;DR - I (a 33 year-old man) broke my collarbone playing on the tumbling mats at a kid's party/n"Dear reddit, TIFU…" is what I would have said about seven months ago, because that is when this fuck up really happened.

Let me set the scene, it’s early April and I’m in full panic mode as my IB final exams are fast approaching and I’ve had a debilitating case of senioritis the entire year. My main priority was my favourite class, HL economics as I had already decided that was my ticket into uni. Alas, not even my favourite subjects were safe from the viscous cycle of procrastinate/cry/cram/cry that I had mastered over my final year.

Another thorn in my side was my desire to make my final exam notes extremely neat, brief yet informative and colour coded. This was especially problematic as I AM **NOT** NEAT! Yet, I persisted.

Which brings me to that fateful night. It was late, way past my bed-time and I was freaking out big time because I need my 8 hours and I kept making spelling mistakes and other small trivial errors that compromised the neatness of my notes. Hence, I kept having to rip the page out and start over. And my favourite black pen; it kept jamming every few words.

The logical thing to do would be to swap to a different pen and keep going. But, it wouldn’t have matched everything else that I had written and would ruined my beautiful notes. Besides, there was still ink left, I could see it. I just needed to figure out a way to help the ink flow out more easily. So, I unscrewed the cap and took the cartridge out and blew into it. Nothing. Duh, the ink is like vacuum sealed or something, it doesn’t flow around the cartridge so blowing it out won’t work. Lightbulb. I need to loosen the ink. How can I do that? I suck on the end of the cartridge.

Instant regret. Black ink fills my mouth, and I feel like I've just blown a squid. I had to brush my teeth over and over again to try to get the black out, all while cry-laughing at my own stupidity in the middle of the night as the rest of my family slept peacefully across the hall.

TL;DR: crammy wammy for examy, leads to inky drinky because me no thinky :(/nI (22F) am a server at a restaurant. Last week we had lone male customer come in, and asked to be seated by the window (my area of serving) we immediately hit it off. He was older than me, had a sexy Scottish accent, hilariously witty and very out-going. I was thrilled when he left his number on the back of the bill. Fast forward one week: after a few small talk texts we decided to meet up, and agree at 3:00pm at the city fountain, right downtown in a busy area. I arrive a few minutes early, and decide to sit in the shade of a nearby statue and wait. Within seconds an older, relativley handsome guy wearing sunglasses approaches me. "Hey, it's great to see you!"
I smile and greet him, and he immediatley lunges into some big 5 minute long story about a fender bender he got into on his way driving to meet me, and apologized profusseley for being late. By this point I could clearly tell he didn't have a Scottish accent. "You don't have nearly as much of an accent that I thought you did, am I crazy?", he laughed and gave me a weird look, agreeing how I must be crazy because he has never had an accent. We continue walking slowly on the downtown strip, making more small talk. By this point I had a feeling something was off.. I could've sworn the accent was the main reason I had been drawn to him in the first place. When he asks me how to produce my name, as the "O with the dots" is relativley uncommon in our country. I say my name (which has the letter O not Ö) and he is immediatley giving me a weird look. We stop in the middle of the pathway surrounded by people walking. He takes off his sunglasses, revealing an unfamiliar face. You're not Ben are you?" I ask awkwardly, to which he shakes his head. We both burst out in laughter, realizing we clearly fucked up. "I'm supposed to be meeting a girl I've met online, down bedside that statue at 2:30! She's a redhead but I haven't a picture of her face!" We speed walk back to the fountain, both almost in tears due to the hilariously embarrassing moment that we found ourselves in. We part ways just before the fountain, and i see my REAL date sitting reading a book. Didnt mention the ridiculous event that happened moments before, and had a terrific date. 

TL;DR  Went on a first date, ended up being the wrong date, found my real date eventually./nSo last night I was bored as fuck and I decided to get my wife's waxing stuff and and try my luck at waxing my ass crack, because, let me tell you it's a fucking jungle down there. 
I've never waxed before and I didn't bother looking up how to do it because uh who tf needs directions.
I plugged the machine in and it took forever to heat up. When it was finally ready I took one of those sticks and just went to fucking town on my ass crack and my gooch.
I knew basically how this works so I opened the drawer to get a wax strip out... and there were none left.
I tried everything as a substitute I was freaking out I used:
a shirt (which now has ass hair on it)
an ace bandage
duct tape
after about 30 minutes the wax was dried and my ass was completely stuck together and I had made little to no progress so I had to do the unthinkable ..

rip all of the hair out by hand

for what felt like forever I sat in the shower ripping hair out of my ass crack with only my bare hands which also had wax all over them and were now completely covered with ass hair.

this has to be the worst experience of my entire life and I'm never trying to wax again kill me/nThis actually just happened a couple of hours ago. I'm a math TA at my college, and I was working my weekly shift. Nobody had come in for help, so I was pretty bored all night long. I also have a cold, so I had been blowing my nose pretty frequently throughout the shift.

There were about 30 minutes left in my shift, and I could feel my nose about to drip. I was out of kleenex, so I got up to grab a napkin from the corner. As I'm blowing my nose, I feel a weird feeling in my head. Immediately, I recalled a family friend of mine who had a brain aneurysm triggered by blowing her nose. I know it's ridiculous (which I'm realizing even more as I type this out), but because that's what my head immediately went to, I just had to know what the symptoms of a brain aneurysm might be.

I did a Google search, and the first thing I read was "An unruptured aneurysm usually causes no symptoms." Now, I'm someone who gets queasy at anything medical like this, but this was a new record. After reading this, I thought to myself "oh fuck", and then proceeded to tunnel-vision. My last thought was "shit I think I'm gonna fain---"

Next thing I know I was being helped across the room by another TA in the room, and I had no idea what had happened yet. As I get to the other side of the room, another TA comes in with a medical student (the med college was in the same building), and this guy asks me to lay down on the ground. He asks me to lay down on the ground, and that's when I notice my hand covered in blood. I start to panic, and when I try to sit up, I immediately started to tunnel-vision again, so I quickly put my head back down to keep from fainting again. Then they covered my brow with paper towel, which indicated to me where I hit my head. I was asked questions such as "what day is it today" and "who is our president," both of which I knew.

Overall it was a wild series of events. EMTs were called, and ambulance was sent to my location. A few friends of mine were in the building, and they came to make sure I was okay. After ten minutes or so I felt fine aside from being a little shaky after everything had happened, and a hospital stretcher was brought in. '*Shit*' I thought, as I know how much an ambulance trip costs and idk jack shit about my family's health insurance policy. To make matters worse, half of the people in the room thought I should go to the ER to make sure everything was okay, and the other half told me that I was fine and didn't need it. Still in shock, I opted not to go, and I've felt fine ever since aside from a bit of a headache from hitting my head.

After everything went down, my understanding is that I fell out of my chair and hit my head on the wheel of a table in the room. I was out for about 20 seconds, and I clearly scared the living shit out of the other TAs that were there. Overall though, I was very impressed with how the situation was handled. The other TAs were quick to get multiple sources of help, and the med student had arrived by the time I came to. He was very knowledgeable and was able to replicate many of the questions the EMT had asked me when he got there. I'm just glad to say that I wasn't alone when I fainted, otherwise I might not still be here. Anyways, I'll probably will be taking the day to relax tomorrow.

TL;DR: Felt a unique feeling in my head after blowing my nose, googled brain aneurysm symptoms, and got queasy and fainted. Hit my head hard on the wheel of a table and almost got sent to the ER./nJust found the TIFU thread this week. Thought i'd write one of my greatest fuck ups ever as an initiation. This happened back when I was a sophmore in highschool, when I first got my license.

I'm a big procrastinator. I usually manage to study the day before an exam in order to take them. This time was no different. I had this huge calculus exam that I didn't study well enough for. My mom packed me my breakfast, and I took it in the car to eat right before class because I was running late. However, it was snowing pretty hard for the first time since winter season started. I didn't have any experience on how to drive correctly on snow or ice at that time.  

So the entire car ride I was dreading when I would have to go and take the exam. I thought as a joke: Oh wouldn't it be nice if I could just drive my car slowly in a ditch and just say I got into an accident and didn't need to take the test. I laugh it off.

So it happens. I was rounding this large curve near my neighborhood, driving a lilll over speed limit. And my wheels hit a patch of ice. My car starts curving out of control, and to my luck, there's a school bus rounding the same curve. I smash into the side of the school bus near the driver's seat. I scream as I slo-mo watch my breakfast splatter all over me. My car is totaled but there's only a small dent in the school bus. 

When I look up. I realize that I didn't hit just any car, I hit a fucking school bus. The angry bearded bus driver shoots me the dirtiest look as he gets out of his bus. It's not until the second school bus comes to pick up the kids and transfer them do I see the small children filing out of the bus one by one. Thankfully no one got hurt. And because a school bus is government property, I had to wait for not only the police cars to come investigate-- but the state troopers came by to inspect the bus for damages as well. 

TLDR: karmas a bitch. wished jokingly to miss an exam via car accident, hit a school bus full of small children due to ice, missed the exam, came out with expensive ass insurance and no car.

EDIT: This blew up wtf--- thank you I know i'm an idiot. Just a calm state of mind thing for you all: i'm now the slowest driver on the road and haven't gotten any sort of ticket or accident since B). Also because this matters so much apparently, I was actually a junior. Permit puts you at 16-- so that'd make me a junior (grade 11). Wrote it down incorrectly.

/nMy dog loves nothing more than sitting on the toilet seat when I'm taking the shower. The other day though I was having some stomach problems and the world was coming out of my ass. As I sat on the commode almost in tears praying for it to be over, I can hear my dog scratching to get in. I lean over to crack the door not only to let him in, but to let some of the nasty smell out.

When I'm finish I reach for toilet paper and find there ain't none. With a tear in my eye I stand on up, feeling at least 10lbs lighter, and penguin walk across the room to grab some. Next thing I hear is my dumb dog leaping into the toilet and falling down the bowl.

Everything goes slow motion. My Beagle cross is covered in my feces, he's freaking out 'cause he done gone wet and stinks. He leaps outta the commode and hightails it outta the room and runs to my sister's bedroom across the hall.

Now y'all seen dogs when they get wet right? They be shaking and rubbing themselves all on the carpet and up the wall. I hear my sisters hollering and screaming 'cause my dog is spreading my muck all over their sheets, shaking it on their clothes and none of them wanna touch him 'cause he's filthy. They can only sit back and watch in horror as he ruins everything and tries to leap up at them. You see, my dog is a big old marshmallow and loves to jump up on people. 

I'm standing in the bathroom with my junk still out, still needing to wipe, and all the while thinking it might be worth locking the door and climbing out the window to freedom instead of facing my sisters wraths. 

**TL;DR** Beagle cross leaped into the toilet, got covered in my diarrhea, smeared it all around the house, my six sisters gave me hell. 

**EDIT**: Holy shit, thanks for the gold!! Makes all this worth it and definitely a story for the grandkids!

**EDIT 2**: Keep seeing the same comments, so gonna put some answers here

The bathroom door weren’t all the ways open, just about an inch at most. I closed it most of the way after my dog came in, but didn't click it shut so he just used his nose to open it. I had the decency to close the door after.

I’m male and from Alabama (North east), and I’m sorry for how I write. I just write how I speak and grammar never really was my strong point. 

My toilet paper is in a cabinet opposite the toilet, so I wasn’t walking around butt naked in my house. All I had to do was stand on up, waddle three steps, and I was home free.

What I’ve taken away from this is I’m gonna be flushing the toilet more often when I’m having difficulties, and gonna be storing my paper underneath the sink next to the darn toilet within arm’s reach. 

And finally, had some real nice comments about making everyone happy and I’m glad I could bring some enjoyment into your lives. I’m still in the doghouse, ain’t no doubt about that, but feels good to know I made some folks laugh. /nMandatory "This didn't happen today.", it happened yesterday morning though. English is my first language, roast me.

&#x200B;

It's a bit of a light-novel so I've put a TL; DR at the bottom

Cast

Neighbors 1 & 2

Me

Brothers 1, 2 & 3

Jimmy

&#x200B;

Early morning yesterday,  my  next door neighbor (Neighbor 1) came to knock on my door, telling me that my other neighbor (Neighbor 2) was locked in his house and he couldn't get through to his wife, who left with their keys. So, my brothers (Brothers 1 & 3) went out to the backyard (where there are two houses)  to try and help. The landlord left some keys over at our place, so my brothers took those to try and get Neighbor 2 out of his house. I went over to the back door to see what was happening and my younger brother asked if I could call the landlord up to see if we could get him to come over with some keys.

&#x200B;

I walked back to the house, made the call and then on my way out to the backyard, I, stupidly, walked past my bird, Jimmy, who was on his cage and let him on to my shoulder. I went through the kitchen with him on my shoulder, and out on to the porch. As I came out on to the porch, Brother 1 told me "Take him back! He's gonna fly away again.". And I jokingly said, "He won't fly away, he's a good boy.". I then saw a bucket of water on the porch that I had been using the previous day to clean. I got this stupid idea to prove to my brother that Jimmy would not fly away and I picked the bucket up by its' handle, stepped of the porch and into the backyard. As I started pouring the water into a drain, the water made a huge sloshing sound, consequently scaring Jimmy and thus leading him to fly off.

&#x200B;

Me and my two brothers started screaming in horror as we watched him fly over Neighbor 2's house and into the Great Beyond. I panicked and climbed over our back gate into a gated back alley trying to see where he might have went. All the while my two brothers were running out to the front of the house to the street. I started screaming for Jimmy trying to here where he was. After a few minutes, my brother had opened the back gate trying to see where Jimmy might have flown to.

&#x200B;

And so began the first search. We walked around our block, thinking he didn't go that far as he only flies around inside our house. Eventually, we heard him calling and we followed his voice to a tree in another neighbor's  house. We called out, a lady came out and we asked if we could take a look in her back yard. After we got into the yard, we heard him in a tree in another yard. So we went into the back alley behind our house, over a rusted gate and into the yard of an abandoned house that burned down. I called out again and Jimmy called back. His voice was pretty loud, so I knew he was near. After looking around for a bit, I spotted him on a branch. I climbed all the way up to him, but as I got about three feet away from him on the branch he was sitting on, he got spooked and flew off again.

&#x200B;

Though out the day, my three brothers and I walked all over our neighborhood asking neighbors if they saw anything and calling out to Jimmy in every tree we saw. My brothers were pretty cool about it, even though it was clearly my fault that Jimmy got away. They tried to make me feel better and they didn't bring it up at all. We walked all morning, it was kinda cold and it was lightly raining on and off. At some point there was a bit of wind. Needless to say, it was shitty weather for flying. I just kept thinking he was sitting somewhere wet and freezing and it's all my fault.

&#x200B;

Come afternoon, we had walked the neighborhood more times than I can count and my mother even drove us around one last time to look for Jimmy. We were dog tired and couldn't go anymore. My Brother 1 went out one last time and when he came back I saw him sobbing in his bedroom, Brother 3 was trying to console him. He just kept saying "I don't know where he is.... I don't know where that guy is." My Brother 1 was really fond of the parakeet and he was taking it pretty hard. I just felt like shit, everyone was upset and they didn't want to even say that it was my fault, which it really was.

&#x200B;

That night we didn't even have dinner, we all just went to sleep. I kept waking up, my body hurt, I was worried about Jimmy and I felt like I could just die. Thinking about Jimmy all alone through the cold night was killing me, I couldn't relax. That was probably the worst I've ever slept in my life. I couldn't stop feeling guilty.

&#x200B;

This morning, I waited for the Sun to come out and then Brother 2 and I went out again. We went back to the abandoned house and called for Jimmy again. No answer. We walked about the neighborhood again and called with no answer. We sort of just wondered off and called for him. We went through a really nice neighborhood and then we found ourselves in a field/bush. We followed a footpath that lead to a path made by a car (dunno what that's called) and then followed that road to a steel mill. We asked a guy working there if he had seen or heard a green parakeet with a red beak, he said he hadn't and that he had only got there a few minutes ago. So, we walked off. We walked along a fence a few feet from the steel mill, and continued calling him. He answered. The sound came from one of the trees in the fenced area.

&#x200B;

We ran back to the steel mill and asked if they had a key to get into the fenced area. Apparently, it was someone's house. The owner of the house came to his door and he was in a wheelchair we called from his gate and asked if we could come in to his yard. He then called his dog and locked the dog in the house and told us we could come it. We hopped his gate and started calling again. After a few seconds we heard him louder and I started climbing a tree where I heard the sound the loudest. I couldn't really see him so, I told my brother "Jimmy must be really high up because I can't see him. Go home and get Brothers 1 and 3 and bring the cage and a ladder. We could try to put the cage on the roof (flat top) and let Jimmy fly over to his cage." Brother 2 left and got a lift from one of the guys to our house.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Meanwhile, I spotted Jimmy and climbed higher to try and get to him. Eventually, I was about a foot away from him. I tried to get him to come to me, but he got spooked again, and I saw him fly to another tree. I climbed down the tree and went to stand at the foot of the second tree. By then my brothers 2 & 3 showed up with the cage, they couldn't get a ladder. So, I tried to come up with a new plan. I set the cage down a distance from the second tree and tried to see if I could get him to fly down. He wouldn't budge. I told Brother 2 to go home and get Brother 1, because the bird is more fond of him and maybe he would fly down for him. And I asked them to bring some bird seeds and some fruits/vegetables to try and lure him down.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

When Brother 1 showed up, we tried to lure Jimmy down for about 10 minutes and he just wouldn't budge. He called out like he wanted to come down and he tried to climb, but I guess he was a bit scared or something. I was too scared to climb up, because it was a really high tree, maybe 30-40 feet and I didn't was to scare Jimmy off again. Brother 1 told me I had to try to climb the tree because Jimmy was not going to come down. So, I did. I took a carrot in my hoodie's pocket and started climbing. When I got near to Jimmy, instead of approaching him, I started chewing on the carrot. My logic was that he was probably really hungry after being out for 24+ hours. Naturally, he started inching towards me. When he seemed to be comfortable with me just sitting near me, I steadied myself and grabbed him. He chewed up my hands a bit, but I just kept a firm, but gentle grip on him. I had my hoodie up so I shoved him in there behind my head. He stopped screaming and just held on to my hair with his feet. I just started crying... I couldn't believe all of this had happened. I was so relieved. I climbed down from the tree, and my brothers and I drove home with the guy from the steel mill. It was a wild two days. I have for sure learned my lesson. I will never take Jimmy outside again.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

TL;DR I took my pet parakeet outside despite my brothers explicit instructions not to, ended up on a two day long bird hunt and brought misery to my family... And then finally finding the mad lad in the next neighborhood.

&#x200B;

Thank you for reading.

&#x200B;

Edit 1:  A picture of Jimmy.

[https://www.reddit.com/user/TheGreatInk/comments/bmkk94/jimmy\_the\_prodigal\_son\_feat\_lana\_banana/](https://www.reddit.com/user/TheGreatInk/comments/bmkk94/jimmy_the_prodigal_son_feat_lana_banana/)

&#x200B;

Edit 2: Added that we found the bird, and a link to the picture of Jimmy.

&#x200B;

Edit 3: Added Jimmy to the Cast

&#x200B;

P.S. Neighbor 2 got out just fine. In all honestly, I had totally forgotten about him. The landlord came over while we were searching and let him out with some spare keys. The door can't be unlocked from the inside without a key... yes it is a fire hazard./nFor as long as I can remember, when I was 8 years old I've had horrible issues with sleep in general. I was *always* tired during the day and evening no matter what was done. I could sleep 6 hours or 12, absolutely no difference.

At the time, none of my doctors could figure out what was wrong with me. They had assumed because I wasn't fat, and I was so young that it simply was ADHD. So I was given Adderall to mask the symptoms of sleep, which did help. 

I don't know if you guys know what massive sleep deprivation does, but imagine having no sex drive and being tired all the time. Anytime you try to study, you get unbearable sleep attacks that even if you did fight it, it was moot because you literally forgot what you just read.

My sleep deprivation was so bad, I had to constantly rock my head against the desk just to stay awake. My teachers were always frustrated with this, and would frequently think I was sleeping and ask me questions. Amazingly enough, I was able to answer these questions and not get in trouble.

Eventually, my parents got scared that I wasn't getting proper education and took me into home schooling. This was literally the worst decision in my life to agree to. They were unbearably strict, I had to get a 80% or I was grounded and had to take the lessons over again.

It was impossible for me! I tried so hard, but no matter how much I tried it didn't matter. I would be literally fighting myself to stay awake, and forget the last 30 seconds of my life. I didn't know what was wrong with me!

I did the only thing I could, and that was cheat. This is my biggest regret in my entire life, I had cheated through ninth grade to 12th, hardcore. I installed a virtual machine, which for some reason Windows 7 gave admin rights inside of it even if you were a standard user. I had copied the answers from the Teacher edition.

Eventually, the guilt overwhelmed me and I admitted this to my parents. They were not happy at all and made it much harder for me. I then had to use a keylogger to steal the password and grade the courses myself.

I felt so guilty, I had graduated high school by cheating and as far as everyone is concerned, I have no better education than a 7th grader. I no absolutely no math at all, I even struggle with addition and subtraction. I became very depressed, and was given anti-depressants which didn't work at all. I did make a recovery from depression however, but it was during dark times. I didn't realize I was gay until right around this time, and it kind of hit me all at once. But it was a huge weight lifted when I got out of the closet, as if I was suppressing my own feelings without realizing it.


So at this point, I did the only thing I could do. I started studying in computers, as much as I could. I got the shittiest help desk job and moved up the ladder and make decent money, but currently feel I have hit the glass ceiling. I opened up to my friends here and many of them felt that my medication for ADHD was "cheating" and that being tired is perfectly normal. This hurt me the most because these co-workers were the closest thing to me other than my parents and they totally disregarded my problems as something normal and I was taking the easy way out.


I felt no doctor could figure out what was wrong with me so I literally diagnosed myself, I did research online and with the symptoms I had and blood test results I knew I had the conditions. 

I tested positive for Narcolepsy, which involves taking 5 naps with 2 hour breaks in-between. I fell asleep on 4 out 5 of them, hitting REM within 6 minutes.

I was rated at 48-72 hours of constant sleep deprivation. My entire life, I was misdiagnosed as having ADHD.  To make this even worse, I also had sleep apnea despite not being overweight. I inherited the sleep apnea, from my mother and narcolepsy from my father.

It was an overwhelming experience, everything made sense. I no longer feel stupid and understand why I had so many problems.

But in return I feel my entire life has been wasted and I am not sure what to do. I had cheated through High School, skipped college and only went into IT knowing that it didn't require an education. I had played life the best I can with the cards dealt.

But now knowing this can be treated and I can go to college, I am scared. Part of me regrets not being more resilient to my parents by complaining I needed help, but they never believed I had issues as I had good hyper-focus. I was writing scripts in games at age 9, so they felt I was more than smart enough to handle it.

Perhaps my calling is to become a doctor myself, but having no education and starting from High School just not sure if it's possible.  

I know I can't blame my parents, they couldn't have known. There's nothing I can do to change the past, but hopefully my story can help support others who have similar issues with staying awake and feel trapped. TIFU isn't for getting advice, it's for letting people know you fucked up... and I did. 

Tomorrow is a new life for me.


TLDR: I had massive sleep deprivation from both Narcolepsy and Sleep Apnea, misdiagnosed as ADHD and given Adderall. It was impossible for me to function, my family had too much high standards that I had to cheat and I ended up here today knowing how to fix this problem and feel I wasted 16 years of my life,  not knowing what my future is. 

My entire life all of my friends called me lazy for admitting taking Adderall, explaining I couldn't stay awake. Constantly being told why don't I try being a normal person and not take drugs as ADHD is a load of crap. Being tired was normal, etc.





/nI had been at the beach all day when I got back to my car. I didn't realize the coin in my seat, but immediately noticed it was searing hot.

 You can even see the face...

https://m.imgur.com/DtUo6uG/nMy long distance boyfriend (22) and I (19) were having a video call, talking about my visit, as I'm going to visit him next week and meet his family for the first time. As we talked about the things we will do together, things started heating up, as he began telling me the things he would like to do to me. This started making me horny, so I grabbed my favourite hairbrush, which has a ridged hilt and can make me cum in under a minute, and decided to play with it.

After cumming a first time he told me to play on my knees, it felt amazing, but after cumming again I felt like something was wrong. I let go of the brush and surely, there was blood on my hand. When I said "oh fuck" in a much different tone my SO knew something is up. Playtime was over and my nervous laughing fit began. I took the toy out, which (graphic) had blood all up in the ridges. When I got up I noticed I had stained my carpet. Fuck. I got up and cleaned the brush and carpet which was fucking disgusting, but a nasty stain on the carpet remains.

Happy period week.

TL;DR Was video calling with my SO as we decided to play with ourselves as things heated up. I used a brush hilt with ridges as a toy. After cumming a first time I got on my knees on the carpet and toyed myself until I came a second time. Triggered my period as well and dirtied up my favourite toy and left a stain on the carpet./nObligatory this didn't happen today but rather about 4 years ago (I have a reason for saying that so calm your tits).

My (then) boyfriend (now husband) and I went to Orlando a few years ago (in October actually) for a surprise/engagement trip. We ended up taking his mom's white Chevy Volt since it was better on gas than our vehicles. At the time, I was working at a bank (just started actually) and had the sweetest co-worker ever. Super young, very religious, parents were die hard Pentecostal people. Anyway, my boyfriend still had his moms white car, as he was going to swap out vehicles the next day. He was picking me up from work, he had texted me a few minutes earlier to let me know that he would be there soon. We had a big window at the top of the staircase that looked out to the parking lot and when I saw a white car pull up, I high tailed it down the stairs so we could go home. I run across the lot, fling the door open and hop in. Much to my dismay, the driver is *not* my sweet boyfriend, no. Instead, she's an older lady who I had never met so I did the only logical thing I could think of, which was to scream "WHO THE FUCK ARE YOU?" at the absolute top of my lungs at. Then I realized, this is *not the volt*, I jumped into someone else's car and screamed at them. I jumped out and ran back across the parking lot, back into the bank and called my boyfriend and asked where the hell he was. 

Next day at work, my co-worker pulls me aside to ask if I might have possibly screamed at her mother the night before. Whoops. 

TL;DR Got into the wrong car and screamed profanities at an older lady.

Addition** Yes, I know the title is sort of misleading. I genuinely assumed I was getting into his car, obviously I was not, but that's why I named it that. It was a little more catchy than "TIFU by getting in the wrong car". For those of you who are getting pissed and commenting "click bait", just call me Buzzfeed and move tf on. 

** for those of you who think I'm an asshole.  Yes, yes I am an asshole. But this was a legitimate mistake. I know I startled her, but I panicked and ran out. No I did not go back and apologize because I was too embarrassed. My co worker and I had a fine relationship afterwards so there were no hard feelings left over. She teased me about it a few times. 

** This was 4 years ago. I cannot go back and apologize to the lady or my coworker. I no longer work there and I lost touch with her after she got married and quit. I don't even know what her last name is to reconnect with her on social media. /nOriginal post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/boznue/tifu\_by\_getting\_caught\_masturbating\_to\_myself/](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/boznue/tifu_by_getting_caught_masturbating_to_myself/)

So I woke up to a text from my girlfriend in the morning telling me to call her once I'm awake. She's an early bird so I kinda expected this. So I called her and said I wanted to talk about what happened last night. The call was slightly awkward at first but we decided to meet up to talk about it.

She was actually quite understanding about all this and we ended up opening up a lot about our sexual fetishes and stuff. Told her it was just a passing moment kinda thing and although this isn't a lie, she assured me that it would be totally fine if it wasn't a passing moment.

Long story short, she took it well enough and this fuck up ended not being a fuck up and actually benefited me in some way. Looks like my sex life has gone from vanilla to kinky pretty damn quick. I'll spare the details ;)

And no, she didn't and won't tell anyone so my dark secret is safe with her and hundreds of strangers who read my original post.

Some of you have also been asking me for pictures. Guys, in case you haven't realized, this is a throwaway and it's a throwaway for a reason so.... I'd rather not share my embarrassing pictures online where some of my Redditor friends lurk around. In fact, i actually changed some tiny details of the original story just so that they won't realize it's me if they do come across this TIFU.

HOWEVER, if this post or the original post reaches the front page, I MIGHT reconsider. (Things I do for karma huh... and it's not even my main account)

TL;DR - Fuck up turned into a fuck yes. Anyone asking for pictures gets a fuck off, at least for now.

EDIT: Almost forgot, shoutout u/TheThemeSong for his song: ["My Own Girl"](https://soundcloud.com/user-591372626-793487424/my-own-girl)

EDIT 2: holy shit i didnt actually think it'll reach the top, at least not this fast. To be fair i said i MIGHT reconsider... Please spare me and give me time to reconsider til tomorrow... My identity and dignity is at risk here

EDIT 3: okay fine you guys win. I'll update you guys on saturday cuz i have things to do tomorrow and I'm gonna need time to research the best way to blur sensitive parts of my face as much as possible while keeping the filter obvious. This is the result of my reconsideration so uh... Compromised enough?

EDIT 4: ~~Here you go, I'll probably delete this in a few days.~~/nI have to start by saying this didn’t happen today, but about 2 years ago.  I was a senior in high-school. Care free. Looking forward to college. Enjoying my free time as I ignored my responsibilities.

 I was watching TV in my room one night and decided to get up to grab a late-night snack. I walk downstairs and begin rummaging through the pantry. 

BINGO!

A brand new box of Oreo pop-tarts; my favorite flavor. I grab a pack and head back upstairs. I set the unopened package on my bed while I grab my controller to start the show up again. Without giving it a second thought, I absentmindedly tear a corner of the package to get to my delicious snack. As it opened, I felt a corner of one of the succulent tarts break and fall onto my lap. Naturally I wasn’t going to let a perfectly good corner go to waste. Without looking I reach down to retrieve the piece and pop it in my mouth. I joyfully bite down to an unexpected crunch and undesirable flavor. I thought maybe my tastebuds were off so I chew again.

I begin to smell something putrid. I then feel the writhing of multiple little legs and a taste that can only be described as a mix between a chemical waste bucket and the inside of a women’s outhouse.

Oh fuck. I just ate a stink-bug.

I went into full-on freak out mode and ran to the bathroom as fast as my little legs would move. I spit the half dead stink-bug into the sink and begin washing out my mouth for what felt like an hour. I tried to gargle mouth-wash to help with both the taste and the smell, but to no avail. After about an hour and a half, my nostrils finally stopped burning and my taste buds began to return to a neutral state. I started eating my pop-tarts again, watching every bite with a steady eye. 

TL;DR: I went for a late night snack, grabbed a pop-tart, broke off a corner into my lap, grabbed what I thought was the corner and popped it into my mouth, quickly realized I bit into a stink bug.

Edit 1: A lot of people thought the bug was inside the package. What happened is the stinkyboi crawled into my lap at just the wrong time.

Edit 2: [For those who don’t know what a stink bug is](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brown_marmorated_stink_bug) /nThis was a few months ago, but I was just slapping the ol' beef and didn't really have a ton else to do. Came a few times, figured I could go for one more. At this point the dick was getting kinda flappy but I figured if I went hard enough it would work itself out. After a while of jerking, my arm started to get tired so I switched arms. Started again with renewed vigor and went basically as fast as I could, squeezing for more feeling. I started squeezing tighter and tighter as my arm got more tired and I kinda started to tense up everywhere, and suddenly I heard like a physical rip and felt excruciating pain from my Willy. Looked down to examine and there were broken blood vessels in a ring around the base of my dick. I then had to figure out how to get my pants back on and drive myself to the hospital without passing out. Ended up in a dick cast type thing for a few weeks, now I'm really horny but afraid to masturbate. 

TL,DR: tried finishing too many times, almost tore my dick off.

EDIT: Just wanted to add that unfortunately I don't have any pics cause I was too embarrassed of the situation. It wasn't exactly a dick cast like one on your arm necessarily, but more of just kind of a thing to hold it in place while it healed. Peeing was interesting. They gave me some medicine to help it not fill with blood every now and then (like if I was to randomly pop a boner) which sorta helped. This was the first time I told anyone about this cause I was pretty embarrassed. Nothing like confessing your idiocracy to Reddit!
/nThis happened about two years ago in the summer when I was home from college. 

So background story, I am infamous among my friends for being horrible at cooking because I get really impatient when it comes to food. I hate waiting for water to boil or waiting for the oven to preheat and I'm bad at following directions. I have flooded microwaves trying to make microwave mac n cheese, burnt soups, and unforgettably melted my mom's $400 wedding gift pot. 

My mom loves to cook and often makes these delicious broths that she boils for hours on staying up during the night which she boils through the morning and turns the stove off in the afternoon. 

On this particular morning, she made it on a weekday and therefore had to go to work in the morning and put me in charge of turning the stove off in the afternoon. I was like okay mom no big deal I can't fuck this up, wrong. After standing in the kitchen for a solid 2 minutes I get bored of waiting and take a nap setting the alarm for noon, fuck up number one. 

When I wake up, I hear fire alarms going off and look at my phone feeling betrayed because my alarm never went off only to realize I had set the alarm for 12 AM instead of PM. I run downstairs to the kitchen to find it filled with smoke. I immediately turn off the stove and run to open all the windows and doors. I go back to the stove and lift the pot and lo and behold the bottom of the pot melted off from the rest of the pot, bubbling and hardening into molten metal. 

I quickly bring the pot outside and try to scrape off the molten metal off of my glass stove with a spatula, fuck up number two. As I frantically scrape up a chunck of the hardening goo I hear my stove crack. I think "shit, I just melted a pot and cracked my stove all in one day this cannot get any worse", wrong. 

Because I had opened all the doors and windows a freaking tarantula, A TARANTULA??!! (By the way this is in Georgia so tarantulas are not common here and I had never come across one until this day) crawled in through the door and made its way into the kitchen. Now this was when that viral video of the guy swatting a tarantula with a broom resulted in it exploding into million baby tarantulas. I had the maybe I shouldn't smack the tarantula thought in the back of my head but when that mother fucker moved I screamed and smacked it with a fly swatter, fuck up number three. 

All hell breaks loose and it explodes into millions of baby tarantulas. I was mortified and tried to spray ant poison at it but by the time I found the spray can many of the baby tarantulas had made it way to different parts of my house. 

I now had to call my mother telling her I almost set the house on fire, wasted her time and efforts going into the broth, melted her wedding gift pot, cracked the stove, and infested the house with tarantulas. My mom came home immediately and after getting an earful of anger and confusion she told me to make myself useful and move the bed in the third floor guest room to my room on the second floor. I rush over in shame and begin to move the box for the bed down the stairs until I see a baby tarantula crawling on the wall and drop the corner of the bed box on my foot. I wailed in pain and just broke down and cried like a bitch. 

My mom rushes over and starts laughing at how ridiculous I am and said "poor sharonoelee nothing ever goes right does it" and deems I had enough and makes me sit on my bed and keep my hands to myself so I don't cause any more accidents. 

It was a horrible day and I had a persisting limp for a good 2 weeks, but I can laugh about it now. 

TL;DR: forgot to turn off stove, almost burn down my house, melted my mom's wedding gift pot, cracked the glass stove by scraping the melted pot off with a spatula, tarantula entered in through opened door, when I smacked it, it exploded into millions of baby tarantulas infesting my house, fun stuff.


Edit: The wolf spider looks almost even more terrifying than the tarantula/spider demon I encountered in my house. The mother and the babies were all black, hairy, and the mother was bigger than my hand. Thankfully, hopefully, none of the baby tarantulas grew up to be that size *shudder* but I do not need more pictures of spiders in my life, please do not send me any more pictures of spiders please and thank you.

Edit #2: Some people are confused as to why my mom sent me to move the bed. I came home from college for the summer so my bed was in my apartment in another town so I had to move the extra bed from the guest room to my room, sorry for the confusion.

Edit #3: To those saying the stove was long gone before I scraped it with the spatula, there is a crater in my stove because the stove actually melted too and the crack grows every year. We still use the stove, three out of the four heating spots still work! I think I managed to do about $3,000 in damage in one day (sorry mom and dad, I love you).

Edit 3.5: I will relink my photos of the incident into the edit tomorrow, afternoon, whenever I wake up... thank you for all your kindness and not kindness they all made me laugh throughout the day!

Edit 4: [pictures from that day] (http://imgur.com/a/kVno8) I don't have pictures of the tarantula/spider demons because it was such a chaotic day and the last thing I would have wanted was to have pictures of them on my phone. I go home in about 2 weeks so I'll post pictures of the crater in my stove which I named Timmy./nLiterally happened like 15 minutes ago. My mom recently bought a BMW which I've been driving because she hardly uses it. At night she always wants it to be parked inside the garage. I almost forgot to pull it in from the street tonight so I ran out there after everyone was asleep and pulled it in. As I pulled in I got a text on my phone and started reading it. I sat there for a good few minutes until suddenly I didn't know what I was looking at and my hands felt weird and my vision started blurring in a really bizarre way. Suddenly I realized that's because I was literally fucking dying because the engine was running in a closed garage and I was just breathing in carbon monoxide. I managed to drag/roll myself from the car and get outside where I sat on the ground and for some reason cried a little bit. Now I'm sitting on my bed eating a banana thinking about what an idiot I am. 

TL;DR Gave myself carbon monoxide poisoning effectively killing off the single brain cell I had. 

Edit: a few* words*. 

UPDATE: I made it through the night without dying. Yes, the banana was great. A little underripe though. I looked up what to do and mostly did just find "fresh air" as a fix for any exposure and thankfully I remembered how to breathe. Also, for those of you asking it's not a brand new BMW, it's an older model but she just recently bought it so the engine doesn't automatically switch off. Our garage is quite small as well so yes, it can happen in a few minutes! 

UPDATE 2: Stop calling me "he." I'm having flashbacks to my childhood when my mom made me have short hair. /nHello Reddit!!! This is my first TIFU, and it's because I chose to fly EasyJet, even after a bunch of people told me to avoid it! I hope you all enjoy this story so here it begins.

**UPDATES POSTED BELOW** 

**THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR THE KIND WORDS AND SUPPORT! We are looking into our rights and ways to get compensation for everything including our lost vacation time and wages. I had no idea this would blow up, I posted it because I needed somewhere to vent all this frustration and stress and felt like I really made a fuck up booking with them after being told not to. I have been given fantastic advice from a majority of you, we are both very heartfelt. For the small few of those that posted rude comments or suggested this is fake, believe what you want, but it's far from it. It's a fucking living nightmare we had to endure.**

**WE HAVE FINALLY ARRIVED BACK HOME IN THE STATES ON THE 31ST!!**

My wife and I decided to take a trip to Amsterdam from the states this summer to visit family. During said trip we booked a seperate flight to London for 3 days. The 22nd-24th.  We arrived in Amsterdam on the 21st and left the next day, all went smooth. We enjoyed the city of London and visited pretty much all of it in the time we had. Then the chaos began.

On the 24th while at Gatwick Airport our flight to Amsterdam was canceled due to a fueling issue in Amsterdam, this was understandable as our flight home from Amsterdam was on the 28th, so no big deal; we'd catch another flight. My wife had purchased alcohol after security and was told by a manager we could get a free checked bag. After being in line at customer service for 3 hours the airline said the next flight was on the 26th and they had booked us for 2 nights at a hotel. When we arrived at the hotel they said we were booked for only 1 night and dinner was no longer being served.

On the 25th we went back to the airport to request another hotel since they had mistakingly booked just a night, and we had to wait another 5 hours in line. They eventually booked us a night at a different hotel. When we arrived at the hotel they told us nothing was booked, and to go back to EasyJet. We went back and had to wait another 3 hours, totalling 8. They apologized and said the confirmation was never sent. So a whole day of opportunity wasted. We got back to the hotel and missed half our food vouchers. 

On the 26th we got to the airport and our flights were canceled again, due to weather issues. However employees told us it was due to a crew issue and other airlines were flying to Amsterdam without a problem. We had to stay in line again for 4 hours, only for them to tell us there were no available flights for a few days. We needed to be back in Amsterdam by the 28th. They hired a taxi, and drove us to Luton airport 2 hours away on the 27th. Another whole day wasted. 

On the 27th when we arrived at Luton Airport we asked about our free checked bag we were promised on the 24th, and an employee told us "I don't care what a random person or employee told you, it's not happening". I tried to explain how we have had multiple canceled flights and the employee said "I'm going to walk away now." I was about to get upset.. my wife made me walk away before it happened. We decided it wasn't worth our fight. Another hour at customer service. When we got to our hotel we were told we had problems with our food accommodations and had to argue there for half an hour, which then they only allowed us pizza for dinner. Whatever, it was food! Yet again, another day wasted. 

On the 28th our 7 am flight was canceled again due to a crew issue we were told.. It was unbelievable. We had only gotten 4 hours of sleep. In response they put us on the 8 am flight. We ran to security, got to the gate and got loaded into a bus. After 20 minutes waiting to be driven to the plane our flight got canceled.. For the fourth time; and they announced it was a crew issue. We would now miss our flight home. When we got back into the airport the attendant told us to wait in an area to recieve further information. They had then come to us and told us they don't know where our checked bags went and may be lost and could take a few hours to have them returned. I was livid! This whole trip had become a comic book! We got our bags an hour later. We waited on customer service for another 3 hours and they told us we had to go 2 hours back to Gatwick Airport to catch a flight home and they would pay for our flight to the states. We called Norwegian, who we missed, and to reschedule our flights cost us 900 pounds, which we are hoping EasyJet will refund (they said they would, and wrote a notice in our account.. But who knows, my trust is gone). They drove us back to Gatwick and we stayed the night. 

So now today, on the 29th, we were told we had no check in bags on our account. We explained our insane situation and they still were hesitant to check a bag for us at no cost. Eventually after a lengthy period of time they did. Now we await in the airport for our 5th flight to Amsterdam.. And hopefully then home. I won't ever choose this airline again. 

I understand the first cancelation, the second, third and fourth not at all. The people we dealt with were mostly aggressive, stressful, and non-caring. We totalled 19 hours dealing with customer service, we were told different things by different employees, failures in bookings, missed accommodations, etc.

**UPDATE 1: Loaded onto a bus for the 5th flight and have turned around due to a technical failure on the plane! Currently in a permanent delay!! 5 flights!!!**

**UPDATE 2: They are trying to divert a new plane for us to use.. May be another canceled**

**UPDATE 3: FINALLY ARRIVED IN AMSTERDAM! It took EasyJet an additional 2 hours to get us a new plane and allow us to fly to Amsterdam, they weren't allowed any discretion to give us free water or snacks and were demanding it be charged even after everything. At any rate, now I need to wait a few days to fly home.. Hopefully that doesn't get fucked!!**

**UPDATE 4: ARRIVED HOME ON THE 31ST!**

**UPDATE  - Regarding other forms of transporation**

Some of you were asking about the Ferry and the Train. On the 25th Eurostar had 2 lines shut down due to excessive heat frying the wires, there were no available tickets for the days I needed. The ferry, also sold out. 

In terms of a car rental, It was possible to rent a car last minute but were told it must be returned in Belgium first, and then another car must be rented to return in Amsterdam. Not only did they want a shit ton of money but they also told us a car rental to drop off in Amsterdam wasn't available.. 

To get a plane directly to JFK from a local airport last minute was starting at 1600 pounds per person, and they were connecting 22h+ flights. Not worth it. Direct flights were over 2200 pounds. Rescheduling Norwegian from AMS to Gatwick wasn't possible either, as they wanted 1600 pounds per ticket to change the time and airport. We had to pay 500 pounds a person just for a reschedule at Amsterdam.. 



TL;DR - Stuck in England from the 24th-29th, 4 canceled flights at 2 different airports with EasyJet. Driven to another airport and then back to the original airport. Three cancelations likely from crew issues. Miss managed accommodations, rude and aggressive employees, rescheduling our flights home, lost baggage (was found eventually)... What a trip! **Read the updates!**/nMy son has been in college since last fall. Last November, my 16 year old stepdaughter brought up allegations that my son had abused her repeatedly for several years. I confronted my son and he categorically denied it. But I knew that even though he was my son, I could not defend him for such an awful act.

My wife and I reported him to the authorities. My son was arrested in December and held in prison for a several weeks because I refused to provide him bail money. He was eventually expelled from his Ivy League college.

In the middle of January, my stepdaughter broke down and admitted she lied about everything. She had actually been having sex with her boyfriend and was scared the news would reach us.

The charges were dismissed and my son was released immediately but the damage was done. His first girlfriend from college ended things with him. The news spread about the allegations and all his childhood friends have decided to just stay away from him even though I called each and every one of them personally.

I have called the school and explained the situation and even though they sympathized, they said he needed to reapply for the next school year and go through the admissions process again. 

My son is understandably furious at us. He has moved back home and refuses to talk to me at all. Both my wife and I have apologized to him repeatedly. We have banned my stepdaughter from our home permanently and she has been sent to live with her father in another state. My wife and I also agreed to completely disinherit her from our wills. It has been a very painful situation. All of us started therapy.

The realization of how badly I ruined my son’s life hit me when I picked up his first prescription of anti-depressants today. I bawled my eyes out in my car.

He is the pride and joy of my life. He is outgoing, funny, intelligent and the kindest person I know. But when I handed him his medication, I could not even recognize him. He locks himself in his room, does not eat properly and has lost several pounds so far. 

Whenever I try talking to him, I just see the hate he has for me in his eyes. I don’t know if I can ever get him to love me again.

I know he is on Reddit very often. T, if you are reading, I want to tell you again how sorry your stepmom and I are. I promise I will get you into college again. I know I can’t get you back the year you lost. But I will do everything in my power to make this right. Everything I have has always been for you. I hope you will give me a chance to fix this. I love you so much it hurts. I failed as a father and I hope one day you will forgive me.

TL;DR I played a part in getting my own son getting falsely arrested and expelled/nSo this fuck-up took place last week, at my nephew's 6th birthday party. 

We were having this party at my parents house by the lake, and we have this floating divingboard thing like 10-15 meters out from the 'beach'. So people were swimming, diving, generally just having a blast.

My nephew's favorite thing is Spiderman, he fucking loves Spiderman. So I dressed up in a Spiderman-looking morphsuit. You know the green tight suit 'hilarious' guys wear, yeah, that kind.

So I suited up, and after a while I decided to go swimming in said suit. I swam out to the floating divingboard, climbed up and got ready to jump. 

Dived into the lake, swam 3-4meters underwater, then resurfaced. When I came up for air, I quickly realized that the morph suit drastically looses its ability to let air through the breathing points when it gets wet. The thing is, the morph suit is really hard to take of, it unzips at the back of your head, which is a tricky spot to reach when you're basically drowning. So I tried to remove it by taking my hands behind my head, which resulted in me sinking into the water. I repeated this process of going up trying to breathe, and sinking from trying to take of the morph suit. 

Eventually I had to be rescued by my older brother. 


**TLDR: Dived into a lake with a morphsuit on, couldn't breathe, had to be rescued by my older brother.**

**EDIT: Rip inbox, thanks to everyone telling me how fucking stupid I am. I wholeheartedly agree..**

**EDIT 2: I appreciate every condecending message trying to teach me about waterboarding, and how they wished I had died.**

**EDIT 3: YES, I know this wasn't a case of Guantanamo Bay waterboarding. YES, I know I wouldn't last two seconds with real waterboarding. YES, I'm clearly a pussy and you would destroy me. Get the fuck out of here with your guerrilla warfare training.**

**EDIT 4: I'm aware that waterboarding is a highly sensitive/touchy subject, and at no point did I try to make fun of waterboarding as it some of the worst shit you can do to a person. I'm not trying to make jokes,  this is /r/tifu  not fucking /r/funny. Realise that.**/nA couple of years ago my aunt and uncle had a minor house flood, so I came to their aid and with a couple of other cousins/siblings we got their house back in order in around a month. 

One of my cousins (let’s call her Anna) asked everyone if they wanted to come over for dinner on the last day. Yeah sure, why not.

Lasagna for dinner. I’m finished, but I didn’t finish my whole plate. I walk over to the trash can and throw the food away.

As I’m walking back I notice a trash can. Wait... what? Didn’t I just throw it away in the trash can?

No. No I didn’t. I threw it under the sink where I THOUGHT there was a trash can. There was no can there. The lasagna is underneath the sink.

No one noticed. I’m saved! Nice. I’ll just leave it there. No big deal.

Today I was having a chat with one of my other cousins, and they told me that Anna had mold under her sink and had to completely remodel the kitchen. 

There is no way that it wasn’t me.

“Well, that’s not good,” my dumbass said, “I wonder what caused it.”

“She thinks that one of the kids threw some food underneath the sink and never cleaned it up. None of the kids have admitted that they did it though.”


TL;DR: I threw lasagna under a sink and caused mold that destroyed a kitchen./nI am currently 19. Female. I have always had issues getting to sleep and to this day, I still haven't had it sorted out...

So, when I was 11 years old, my dad took me to a sleep clinic to have some tests run on me over a few weeks and hopefully, get some answers. Well, at the clinic, they gave me a black wristband with a little black device on it and told me to wear it on my wrist for the next 2 weeks. I really don't remember them telling me what it was and being quite young and, well, stupid... I DIDN'T BOTHER GUESSING OR EVEN CARE!

So, at this age, I was a pretty frequent masturbator... I know it's pretty young to start off but I probably did it every second-third night, just before I went to sleep. I continued this night-time tradition as usual, even with this weird black thing on my wrist.

2 weeks have gone by, the wristband has been sent back to the clinic and my appointment there to discuss my sleeping patterns is in a few days.

I arrive at the sleep clinic with my dad and we are brought into a room with a large screen inside, displaying a graph. We sit down. The sleep (pathologist?) points to the graph and says:
"This graph displays your sleeping patterns over the last 2 weeks. pretty cool huh? We measured your heart-rate to see when you enter each stage of sleep, when and for how long etc."

SO. I am looking at this graph... and for those who haven't put 2 and 2 together by now... BUCKLE IN!!!
I look at how my heart-rate fluctuates throughout the day... and throughout the night. IT IS SO OBVIOUS, the SPIKE in my heart-rate at around 9:30pm or whenever the fuck I went to bed back then. AND SO MY ORGASMS IN FUCKING GRAPH FORM WERE ON A SCREEN, AND MY DAD AND THIS FUCKING PATHOLOGIST ARE ALL LOOKING AT IT LIKE: 'HMMMM HOW INTERESTING YEAH WOW'

Well, in the awkward, cold, white room, I am sitting there, and I can feel my face go red hot and I start sweating a bit and then the pathologist says:
"You know... at night-time... before you go to sleep... if you ever hear any strange noises outside like rustling, or even people... do you get scared?"
I stutter: "A little, I guess, yeah"
... he explains to me that he thinks I might be becoming alert at night, fairly often, because I get frightened by noises happening outside... and HE POINTS TO MY ORGASMS IN GRAPH FORM and explains that here, I become alert. He tells me that in the future, i shouldn't worry about scary noises or things that I hear, because I am safe.

SO THAT was the most fucking awkward experience of my childhood and it is still so CLEAR in my head... I just hope to gawd that my dad bought into the possibility that I was having orgasm-level heart-rate spikes due to some fucking koala rustling in a tree outside or something. >.>

TLDR: My heart-rate was measured over 2 weeks and my near-daily orgasms were displayed on a graph for my dad to see and a professional to POINT THEM OUT AND DISCUSS THEM as me being possibly "frightened", which might disturb my sleep./nThis happened one year ago but the aftermath endures.

I took my wife's last name when we got married last year. Trying to make a statement about equality. Women change their names all the time...No big deal right? Not in Australia!

Result? My Dad has straight up disowned me. He says I destroyed the family and have ruined the 'legacy' that he has built. We haven't spoken since (despite my attempts to extend the proverbial olive branch). 

The irony of him breaking up the family due to my name change, which supposedly destroys the family, is not lost on me! We actually were fairly close and had a good relationship before which makes it even harder to digest. 

Although a man taking a woman's last name is more common in Sweden where we live, it's unheard of down under. So name changers: Beware! But kudos to you who go ahead with it and buck the trend. 

TL;DR I took my wife's last name and my dad disowned me. Haven't heard from him in a year despite trying to make amends. /nSo this actually happened today, like 2  hours ago.

Ive been in a relationship for about 18 months now. And we have had kind of a dry spell when it comes to the hanky panky time. A little over a  month to be exact. Finally things have started to be less stressful in our lives. We both have jobs again, and money is flowing in.

So to celeberate our first pay checks this week, I decided to cook a romantic candle lit dinner for us. Everything was going great. We started cuddling on the couch watching her favorite rom-com, and the foreplay starts. YES! Dry spell is gonna be over!

So we get up and head to the bed, things start to get really hot and steamy. She goes to find a condom and I get the music playing. So I find a good playlist on my phone and press play. Only issue is I still had shuffle selected from my work out earlier today...

Things are going smooth as butter, the deed is being done and everyone was having a pleasent time. Then the [Mii Channel theme](https://youtu.be/E9s1ltPGQOo) started playing....

I tried my hardest to ignore it, my Girlfriend started to snicker. And before I knew it my head started to bob to the beat of the music. At that point she bursts out laughing and the beast with two backs was no more. 

TL;DR: Was having sex, mii channel theme started playing, no more sex.

PS: Gonna give it another shot here soon. Shuffle is for sure off.

Edit: Mission accomplished. We have lift off./nThis actually happened in second grade. It was hotdogs for lunch at school, which were my favorite food by far. My friend knew this and bet me I couldn't eat 4 hotdogs, so I said let's just have a competition. Close to five hotdogs in I conceded the match. Not bad for a 7 year old, but my skinny little friend ended up eating like 6 of them.

So I'm not exactly feeling top notch after all those dogs and then halfway through our next class there's a knock on the door and it's my mom. I'm confused and then it dawns on me that she had told me this morning that I had a dentist appointment in the afternoon (I was a spacey kid and had forgotten).

We drive to the dentist and the motion of the car really wasn't sitting well with me but I figure I'll be fine once we arrive. Wait for a bit in the lobby and that classic dentist office smell really isn't helping anything in the nausea department. Finally my name is called so I hop in the chair, get through the pleasantries, am starting to feel a bit better and think it'll be a breeze. Dentist puts on his latex glove, I open my mouth, and he's barely gets his finger not even an inch in my mouth when it all falls apart.

I watch in slow motion horror as I feel my gag reflex engage, see the dentist's eyes shift to quizzical concern and then wide-eyed "oh no" shock as I projectile vomit an entire stomach full of hotdogs everywhere. Ev. Ry. Where. The room looked like a hotdog vomit grenade went off and no one was spared. I distinctly remember vomit dripping from the dentist's mask and my only thought being "so that's what those are for." Everyone froze, completely silent, all of us mortified and no one having a clue what to do. Finally the dentist shakes his head, calmly turns around and leaves the room. My mom grabbed me and took me straight home, not a word. I never saw that office again.

Part of me thinks this doesn't belong in TIFU since hotdogs are awesome and dentists and school sucks and I got a ton of the former and none of the latter out of that day. I'll let you guys decide though.

TL;DR: Ate as many hotdogs as I could and then projectile vomited them in my dentist's face/nI matched with this hot guy on Tinder the other day, as one does. After chatting for a while, I decided to invite him over for a date at my place yesterday night for some good ol’ fashioned boning. He brought over a French film (eyeroll) and beers (milk stouts) , and after a few hours had passed into the night, we started getting busy.

There was just one problem: he went soft EVERY TIME he put a condom on. He wasn’t huge by any means, but he was girthy enough that most condoms were too tight and killed his boner. Whenever he’d start (ahem) losing momentum, the condom would usually start to slip off. We’d remove it, get him going again, try a different condom (I keep several different kinds) and try again. Not hot enough to warrant all the effort tbh, but we’d gotten this far so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

By the next morning, my bedroom was littered with condoms. I’d honestly lost count of how many we used. After cleaning up, making coffee and having breakfast, he went on his way and I continued about my day.

I noticed toward the afternoon that I felt what I thought was an air bubble in my chocha. Not abnormal post-coitus, but this one felt incredibly stubborn. I briefly thought of the ‘Broad City’ episode where Abbi has a condom fall out of her at dinner. I thought “Ha ha, wouldn’t that be funny if that happened to me?” I wound up laying on my back, thrusting my legs and my pelvis in the air and even reached a finger to relieve what I’d thought was trapped air. Eventually I gave up and figured it’d take care of itself on its own. Plus, I’d reached my finger in there and didn’t feel anything!

Well, apparently, I didn’t reach in far enough. Late into the night while I’m watching television and hanging out with my cats, I get up to use the restroom. I sit down to pee, stand up to wipe, turn around to toss the TP into the toilet, and...

there’s a condom in the toilet.

A used condom.

A CONDOM JUST FELL OUT OF MY VAGINA.

Equal parts laughing and crying (“why me???” versus “of course this would happen to me”).

Needless to say, I’ve got an appointment booked for Planned Parenthood on Monday. At least ya gurl is on the pill.

Edit: A lot of people have asked - yes, I stand (or do more or less of a squat over the toilet) when I wipe.  Stand ‘n wipers exist, y’all! The idea of reaching my hand into the toilet bowl grosses me out.

Edit 2: The PP appointment was for STI screening, not for Plan B (which I’m picking up this afternoon). However someone pointed out that you have to wait a few weeks after potential STI exposure so I rescheduled. Fingers crossed my coochie is gucci 🤞🏻

Edit 3: To those of you asking, is taking Plan B while on the pill overkill? Probably. Is it going to hurt anything? No. I’d rather spend $50 now than much more on an abortion later. It’s also my body to do what I want with.

Also, for the people complaining about how “disgusting” this is and calling me a slut, what did you honestly expect when you clicked to read this?

TL; DR - had a one night stand and went through multiple condoms after they kept slipping off, one just fell out of my hoo-ha after spending a full day chillin’ with my cervix./nSo my dad's girlfriend (B) has been trying to re-home two cats for months now. She's a little bit... Overbearing and has been texting me every single week to see if I've found a home for them yet. So I finally did!

My roommates little sister (C) just moved out on her own and wanted to get the cats. So I told my dad's girlfriend and she immediately says "well I've gotten pretty attached, I'm not sure I'm ready to give them up, they'd need to go to a really good home". I should've known I was about to fuck up then because every single day, leading up today she was asking my weird stuff about C, stuff that was super.... Unrelated? She was asking about her career and if she was single, at one point she even asked if she got good grades in school... But whatever. She's just concerned about her cats. 

So today me, C, and her boyfriend all go to pick up the cats. It went great! The cats were in live right away, so was C. So B asked for pictures of them when we got home which I thought was a little weird but whatever. We get the cats home, I send her the pictures and leave.

NON-STOP. TEXTING. AND CALLING. B calls me freaking out because one of the cats didn't look right. It was kinda a blurry picture because she had moved while I took it, but I thought it was cute anyways. Nope... According to B, we had taken the cats home and murdered them. She calls me flipping out asking what's wrong with the cat, I tell her nothing. She starts screaming at me that she didn't like the boyfriend from the second she met him, and she doesn't think he's safe for the cats. Demands I send her pictures RIGHT. NOW. So I hang up because by this point I'm at the grocery store. I'm trying to go on about my day because at this point it's late and I have stuff to do. She texts me, no joke, 24 times in a row asking why I wasn't answering.

I call C as soon as I get home, pretty irritated at this point. I don't have any more pictures. AND I'M AT HOME. she starts screaming again saying I'm a liar because earlier I said I was still with the cats when I told her I had already left. Demands she gets C's phone number and she better get pictures.

B called the cops... And I hate to drive with them over to C's house so they could see two very alive cats. Apparently she told the officers we sacrificed the cats in a Satanic ritual and we were sending her pictures of the dead body to torture her...

Yes. My dad broke up with her.

Tl;Dr: My dad's (now ex) girlfriend doesn't understand blurry pictures, and accused me and my friend of sacrificing her cats to the devil./nThis morning I was awoken by my kitten pouncing on the bed. He does this almost every morning. I’ve come to understand that this means he’s hungry. Before I get up I usually give him some belly rubs. Well today when he jumped onto my bed, I had only gotten 4ish hours of sleep and was half asleep when I gave him his belly rubs. As I was petting him I felt a lump, it was something raised on his skin. So, me being dumb, I felt it for a few second, thought “maybe it’s a tic” and went to pull to see if it would give. Welp, that was met by a sharp bite to my wrist and a few scratches on the back of my hand. I accidentally tugged on my kitten’s Johnson.  As soon as I realized what had happened I jumped up to see if he was okay. He ran under my bed and hid from me for a good 2 hours. He finally came out for some treats. I think he’s still mad at me.

TL;DR: Was half asleep and yanked my kitten’s pp. He hates me now/nHello TIFU!  I am currently writing this from a bathtub,  on orders from my wife. 

This actually happened today, at around 1:30pm PST  

I am a carpenter by trade, and we don’t usually get wild animals on site due to the amount of noise being made. The odd dog, cat, or brave crow are not unusual. 

What was unusual today was one of my roofers (also neighbor) yelling at me that there is a skunk coming up behind me. Normally I’d just steer clear until the skunk got bored and ambled back into the woods. Not today though. 

I turned around to see a rather large skunk, trying to drink some water out of a puddle. This in and of itself is quite normal, as skunks still having figured out indoor plumbing, nor how to turn on a tap. The problem, for our little furry foul smelling friend, was the plastic peanut jar stuck on its head.   

Being the person I am, I vehemently hate skunks. I liken them to the possum, whose only purpose is to annoy, scare small children, and be eaten by larger predators. 

Yet, no matter how useless the creature is, I felt bad that this small woodland creature was either going to suffocate, or die of starvation, and no one deserves to go out like that. 

So, being the man of action I am, i grabbed my heavy rubber raincoat, while channeling my inner crocodile hunter (sans sweet accent) while the other guys were laughing, and Snapchatting the poor bugger. 

I crept up behind pepi le pew, and deftly swept my coat on top of him, and grabbed the little bastard by the neck started attempting to free him from his planters peanut prison. 

It was at this time I realized exactly what I was doing. I am a grown ass man, father of four, pinning down an animal known to be a carrier of diseases, and not known for the calm demeanor, nor temperament, and attempting to cut a plastic jar off of its head with one hand, using my rain coat to protect myself from getting sprayed, holding down the coat with my knees, while simultaneously trying to control the 15lbs stinking ball of fury with the other hand. 


After a few quick minutes of preying to the animal gods I managed to remove the offending object from the skunk, and this is where the fuck up happens. 

Like a white knight charging into rescue his princess, I flung the jar away, grabbed my coat and ran, careful to not get in contact with the skunk juice he had so kindly deposited upon my coat. I double bagged the coat, deposited it into our waste dumpster, and turned around to check on my patient. 

He seemed no worse for wear, was drinking as much water as he could, and I was hoping he would just mosey on over to the bushes, and disappear out of sight, instead, as a final thank you he turned his back to me raised his tail, and with precision that would make a sniper jealous, sprayed me from head to toe. 


Which is why, kind reader, I am currently in a bathtub, full of Campbell’s condensed tomato soup, and my wife has been kind enough to assist me by taking the kids to her mothers, and telling me to “figure it out” between giggling fits. But at least she brought a case of beer into the bathroom for me. 



Epilogue:  

The homeowner, while impressed at my selfless act, is upset because now her yard has the smell of skunk, and I left early. 

After apologizing I said “ma’am, with all due respect, if you had a jar stuck on your head, I’d throw a blanket over your ass so I didn’t get sprayed, and wrestle you down to ground to remove it. Would you rather have me hit you with a shovel to put you out of your misery?”  Needless to say, my foul attempt at humour was not well received. 

EDIT 8:00pm PST. 

Tomato soup (48 cans worth. What? We shop at Costco) did nothing. Currently doing a recipe from my MIL that she used on the dogs. Will update. 

EDIT 9:17pm PST. 

Used my MIL dog de-skunking recipe. Works quite well, still smell like r/trees. I’ve burnt my clothes, and drank 8 beer, kids are asleep, wife, still laughing. Also, when you burn clothes at night, in the backyard, in your own fire pit, while drinking beer, in your pajamas, it draws suspicion. 

Thanks for the gold, I hope my day of misfortune brought you happiness. 

TL;DR 

I tried to do a skunk a solid by removing a jar from its head, only to be repaid by being sprayed, while also sacrificing a nice rain coat, brand new carhart pants, and my company sweater, causing my loved ones to laugh and abandon me in my desperate time of need. /nThis is currently still happening and I'm writing this to get my mind off of the pain. 

So about 2 hours ago I'm having a very vivid dream of me just walking around somewhere and suddenly I can feel my face tickling. I freak out because I start to think I'm having a stroke or some shit and then I wake up to 2 flies crawling on my face, I swipe them off my face and try to go back to sleep. These fuckers keep landing on my face and going inside my ears and nose and even my mouth as I start dosing off and this went on for a good 2 hours or so. I tried to kill these fuckers with all my willpower - tried to catch them with my sheets and slap em with my hands to no avail, I'm just not fast enough...

So once I had completely given up hope on getting some sleep I was just laying in bed, contemplating my sad existence of being bullied by two flies for two hours, one landed on my junk. It seemed very distracted and turned away from me and started doing his little evil hand rub thing. I completely lost my shit thinking it was mocking me and clenched my fist in anger and went in for a full thrust. At the very last momment before my fist collided with my dick and balls I see him fly away. It's as if time slowed down for a momment just enough for me to realize how much of a mistake I made. 

Next thing I remember is me in a fetal position, cold sweat, knees weak, arms are heavy, there's flies on his face already.

TL;DR: Slapped the fuck out of my nuts./nOkay, so this fuck-up happened a few hours ago, or should I say.... resulted from what I decided to do ~3years ago.

Soooo, 3-4years back from now I used to be very sick all of the time. Which was causing issues in my day to day life.  
I had to quit my job because of my health issues, would be bedridden from time to time etc.  
This made me suffer from Anxiety and Depression.  
Now there was only one thing going in my head: "If I was to suddenly die one day, I don't want to just die off before I could give proper goodbye to my loved ones."  
So, I made a Scheduled message 3months ahead of time, which I wrote to my Parents, my younger brother which starts with "If you're reading this, it means I'm probably dead..." and following with explaining them it's a scheduled message and how much I loved them and how much they meant to me.  
Similarly I wrote one to my college crush whom I loved a lot but never had nerve to confess; To her I also mentioned how much I loved her but could never get myself to confess it, because I knew I would never have a chance with her.  
And one last one wrote to myself, 1 day before the time my Schedule messages are delivered to my family and crush, so if I'm still alive by then I would reschedule by 3months again.  

Now here's the thing...  
Eventually my health got better, I got a new job and everything was going fine, but I kept this habit of mine; and I would always re-schedule my messages by 3months and send one to myself, reminding me to re-schedule, 1 day before it would be delivered... over and over for past 3years.  

...that is, the last time (3 months ago) I forgot to send myself the reminder message and my scheduled messages GOT DELIVERED to my Family as well as my crush.

Now, even though it's only been about a week I last talked with my parents; they were in complete shock and awe when they got my message.  
They called on my cellphone over and over desperately; But ofcourse I just HAD to be taking an afternoon nap at that time.  
Soon, they rushed to my place (they live about 1hour of drive from me) to see what had happened to their son.  
My brother is currently studying overseas, and after he got the message he decided to come back over as well after talking with our parents.  (Who were in complete panic mode)

Sooooo, they reach here. Ringing doorbell over and  over/banging on door; yelling if anybody is there.  
So I wake up from my "nap",
Look at my phone which had 20+ Missed calls from my parents and my crush.  
Head over to the door and open it to witness my parents looking as if the world is soon going to end, followed by sobbing in relief before they asked me about the message they received from me.  

I explained them the situation after they calmed down.  
It got pretty awkward for me because I didn't know what to even say anymore.  
Explained my brother asap so he don't needlessly come here by taking a flight and missing his studies over nothing.  

Then I called my crush who was on her way to my home and explained her what happened as well.  
She called me stupid for going to such lengths and worrying her about it (with what I assume was a sobbing voice, but I didn't confirm).  
And no, there was no convo about my confession and it was too awkward situation for me to bring that up anyway.  

All in all, I feel really bad for making my family go through such a horrible feeling and VERY awkward about confessing to my crush in THIS WAY.  


TL;DR - Scheduled a "post-death" message to my family and crush which I would re-schedule every 3 months, but this time I forgot and it got delivered.  
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Edit 1: Thank you for my first silver, gold and platinum! <3  
Edit 2: So, my crush later called up in night to ask about how am I doing and if my parents are feeling fine (since they were hella worried about me before).  
Later she asked why I didn't tell her about my feelings before, and if I still feel that way. (To which I replied with I do, but I wanted to be a better man before I could confess it to her).  
She said she is unsure whether she "love" me or not since we've been friends since years, followed by saying I am the person she feels most comfortable being around with.  
And that she want to spend some more time with me (this time not as friends, but potential love interest) so she can be sure about her feelings before she can make her decision.  

I guess that's some progress? Suddenly this doesn't feel like a TIFU anymore.  
(Also thank you everybody for your replies and everything)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Edit 3: Sorry for late update (I was kinda busy the whole day).  
You can find the update post here:  
https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/aqqj3s/tifupdate_by_making_my_family_and_crush_think_i//nSo, I like to be relatively hairless. It makes cleaning wounds much easier when I fall off my bike, and after one time I decided to shave everything, it became pretty much a practice to do all the regions down there. The crack region is especially lush. 

Now, I still do this with a razor. I know there is crack and whole body waxing, but I am cheap and am drawn to 50c razors. Plus, it's easy enough to just soap myself up and do it in the shower whenever I feel the nether wheat is ready for harvesting. 

I still have a tub for a shower, and since it's a Sanijet, it has pretty high sides so I have to Irish jig my legs up to get the correct angle. Today seemed like any other day: leg up, soap on, user razor. 

Then my leg slipped. It might be because I finally got around to cleaning the sides, but I basically stood at attention, with my hand and my razor right in the crack. And it started bleeding like nothing I have experienced before. 

I calmly called my wife over to help get some towels and bandage. I tried to mouth "it's nothing" while gesturing to the razor, but it was bloody murder. After screaming something about pelvic arteries or whatnot, she threw me a towel and t-shirt and raced 90 right down the highway to the emergency room. 

Good thing it was 10PM and there was no one else there, because she announced our arrival with "his butt is bleeding out!" Apparently the nurse saw the towel I was using as a bandage ever since the shower, because they carted me in like I was at Omaha Beach. 

And there I was, face down on the hospital bed with the entire back side of the gown open with blood still apparently flowing out of the cut. Now what made it even worse is that when it's an ER, there's nurses, interns and residents who all come over to check. And apparently because I was entered as symptom: "bleeding butt", I was the attraction for the night. I could see increasingly large crowds of formerly bored staff jostling around the crack of the door to have a better look. 

In the end, the doctor came by, said it was fine and sutured me up. The around 2 inch cut was significant, but didn't cut any major vessels. The process didn't take that long, so everyone was still on their shift. I waddled passed the nurse station after checkout, and one of the nurses who was at the front of the peanut gallery at the door winked and said, "Hey, if it makes you feel better, we all gave that a ten."

TL;DR I tried to shave my crack but instead gave myself a episiotomy. Then I had to go to the ER where I was their entertainment for the night. 

Edit: minor grammar, etc. Tylenol 3 is a helluva drug. /n**UPDATE LAST POST:**

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9l6low/tifu_by_spending_300_on_laundry_last_post/?st=JMTSL7HU&sh=5915a982


**Here is the original link to the post:**

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9k78xm/tifu_by_spending_300_on_laundry/

So the manager I had emailed did not respond for over 24 hours. I started to get nervous she was maybe ignoring me. Something in my gut told me she was a bit annoyed I was even complaining and wasn't interested in helping me. I could all but imagine her forwarding my original email to her co-workers and calling me an idiot haha. So I decided to email guest correspondence in the meantime in case they could help faster because I need to get this shit figured out, ya know?? They responded almost immediately and told me they'd have to open a ticket and would get back to me soon. Almost an hour or so after that, I hear back from the manager at the front desk. Here is what she had to say:

*I apologize for the delayed response. I left early yesterday after I sent you the email.*
 
*I completely understand how that could have been misunderstood and I would love to work with you to resolve the inconvenience. As a Gold Hilton Honors member we sincerely appreciate your loyalty to Hilton. As a courtesy we would like to remove 50% of the charge for the laundry services.*

*We have charged the Visa X for the total amount on the day of departure. If you would like to change the credit card, please complete the attached credit card authorization form and we will credit back the entire amount off the credit card on file. The credit will take three to five business days.* 


So in conclusion, I got the bill dropped to $150. That's not *horrible* and I really can't complain. I still think that is absolutely ridiculous for fucking laundry but shit, it's better than $300. Things could be worse I guess. I'm currently going back and forth on whether or not I should pay the bill out of pocket or try to explain to my place of work what happened. But either way, LESSON FUCKING LEARNED. 

**TL;DR** LAUNDRY IS EXPENSIVE IF YOU'RE A DUM DUM!!! 

**EDIT:** In my emails to the front desk manager, I brought up the fact that I never filled out a form and was never informed about a form or pricing. I asked a few questions regarding that and their normal process, but she completely ignored it. 

I’m thinking my next course of action (since I have not replied yet) I should email back and push a bit on that and ask what the process normally is and why I wasn’t given a sheet or asked to fill one out. Bad idea or no? 

**EDIT:** Please don’t call or try to message anyone on my behalf. No mob mentality. This was my mistake so I should ultimately handle it. I’m just looking for advice :) /nLast September I moved to Taiwan; I live and work here. I really like it here but the capital is really spread out and, unable to drive, I spend a bit over two hours riding buses each day.

Now, I love reading but have less than stellar time management skills, so this is actually a big plus for me. It's like insurance against myself. No matter how poorly I manage my daily schedule and work flow, I have two hours a day that I can't really do anything other than read. It's great.

Normally.

One day, on behalf of having an oddly full bus, I couldn't sit down. No big deal, I just went to the front of the bus and stood. Listening to podcasts floats my boat, too. There was even a bit of room for me to lean against the wall. 

So here I am, getting comfy as can be in a packed bus and preparing to learn about Anaximander and the Boundless, when I hear it. It's a small voice, like a little fawn not quite sure that it can stand: Hello. No response. Hello, a little louder this time.

I looked calm, but I had been hoping from a very deep part of my soul to hear a response to that question. Having gotten a good survey of the bus during my hunt for a seat I knew fully well that there was only one person that such a hesitant hello could probably be directed towards, and that was me. 

You see, East Asia spends a lot of money on English education but there aren't really that many opportunities to use it in daily life. Even after graduating, lots of people continue to study independently. The result is that countries like Taiwan and Japan are full of people who have studied English damn near their entire lives but may never have had an English conversation or anything like that. 

Just imagine, then, that you've studied English for ten years and suddenly see a white dude. I don't want to use too broad of a brush here, because it is by no means everyone, but a number of people do jump at this opportunity like kids for lollipops. At least once a week I get approached by random people I don't know who just want to say hello and give their English a test drive. The going rate for 1:1 English lessons starts at like USD $20.00/hour here, but this is free.

Now, I love kids and I do understand that I might genuinely be the first foreigner some of the youngsters have ever seen in person, let alone interacted with, so normally I try to play my part. Furthermore, I KNOW I look foreign, so I expect this sort of thing. I accept that I'm going to be treated like I'm different because, well, I obviously don't belong. Part of living in a new country is accepting that you're no longer the normal one.

But it does get old, especially when the person copping a linguistic feel isn't a nine year old who only knows a few salutations but rather an old dude on the bus... Of all times, just as I'm trying to relax for a few minutes before work by enjoying a podcast I've been looking forward to the entire weekend. (I listen exclusively while in transit).

In cases like this, I pretend not to hear. After all, I either have headphones in or my nose in a book, so most people leave me be.

Normally.

Upon seeing that I wasn't going to respond to hello, the guy leaned over and waved his hand in front of my eyes. I jumped a little bit and looked at him, at which he repeated, hello. I blinked a few times and returned his hello before starting my podcast and looking out the window.

A minute later or so I feel a tap on my shoulder. I ignore it at first; Taiwanese buses are sort of like roller coasters and this one was full, so bumping into strangers wasn't an out of the ordinary experience. Then I get tapped again and again and again so I turn around... Of course, it's the old guy.

He smiles and waves and asks where I'm from and how I'm doing. I respond to him in Mandarin that I don't speak English. Sorry.

He responds, "but.. you're white", so I tell him that a person can't necessarily speak English just because they're white. You're Asian. Do you speak Japanese?

I paused, it didn't seem to sink in. So I continued.

I'm Russian. In Russia, we speak Russian. I don't speak English very well. Sorry.

This time he squints and frowns. Oops. Sometimes I goof on the tones. Was it RUSsian? rusSIAN? I don't speak Mandarin well.

I give up and respond in Russian: look, I'm Russian, damnit. I don't speak your fucking English. Let a guy breathe, for fuck's sake. (Russian is actually a beautiful language and I apologise in advance to any Russians reading this that I was taught a very bastardized version of your tongue).

Now, I'm not Russian, but I was with a Russian girl for a long time and lived in Russia for a year. My Russian is far from perfect, or even good, but I'm very comfortable speaking it all the same. A Russian would know I'm not Russian immediately, but for non-natives it seems to be convincing enough. 

I've only been in this situation twice before and, upon hearing my sort of exasperated ranting in a language that isn't English, most people are like ohhhhh, sorry. They don't want to speak Mandarin; if they can't practice English with me, they're suddenly less interested in a conversation. 

Normally.

Suddenly he cuts me off, to my incredible surprise, in Russian: citizen/comrade, how are you, sir?! 

I'm too shocked to speak, so he continues. Apparently he teaches history/international relations at a local university and his area of specialty is twentieth century Russia. What are the odds?

Backed into a wall I resign to losing my me-time for the day. We go through a typical self introduction and then half an hour or so later he announces that his stop has arrived and we part ways. 

I sort of laugh it off: this was perhaps the most serendipitous situation of my life. I content myself knowing that I now have a sort of interesting story to tell people when I go home, given that people think it must be so exciting living abroad and won't accept that it's basically the same play with a different backdrop.

But it doesn't end there.

Cue today, a few months later. I'm riding a much later bus than normal becuase I had some stuff to do off site. The bus is packed again, no place to sit, so I put away Isaka Koutaro while making a mental note to avoid this route in the afternoon. Time for a podcast. That's when I hear it:

Zd.. zd.. zdravstvyte!

You guessed it. Same dude.

Introductions out of the way he leads into a notably more political conversation and starts asking for my input on various Russian leaders, events in the 90's, current events, stuff like that. Some of this stuff gets complained about enough in daily Russian life that I can give passable answers: fuck Obama, Gorbachev is an idiot, something about the Belarusian president and carrots, more importantly who cares about whatever the hell happened with Turkey just make up with them already because we miss cheese. 

But we very quickly step out of my league and he begins showing me pictures from a recent trip to Moscow: statues of people that, as a Russian, I should know. More specific questions that perfunctory responses don't work for. Whether or not it's true that Russian kids can't drink coffee till they're 18.

Most people would give up here, but having already lied about my nationality once, I decided to go for double or nothing. 

Spain is a popular vacation destination for wealthy Russians. I tell him that my dad fell in love with a Spanish girl and, the European visa being stronger, I was raised in Spain. So I can speak Russian, becuase we speak it at home, but actually I don't know the most about Russian history/culture because I went to school in Spain. 

Dude blinks and looks at me suspiciously. I can feel myself turning red and begin imagining the awkwardness and shame of explaining to this old man that I'm a lying douchecanoe.

... Hablas español?

Trying to stop my jaw from dropping I inform him that, yes, it would have been difficult to receive a Spanish education without speaking Spanish.

His eyes twinkle, like a six year old looking at a huge lollipop.

He switches to Spanish and explains that his wife is actually from Spain; she studied abroad in Taiwan like thirty years ago and they've been together ever since. 

He takes out his phone and begins showing me pictures, and then suddenly there a QR code for his line account. I don't know what to do so I scan his code and friend him. 

He tells me that this is the most incredible coincidence and that I simply must go visit his home sometime. He's so excited that he misses his stop and doesn't realize it till we're at mine.

I wait another stop then get off and walk a few kilometers to work. 

I have no words.


TL;DR : I live in Taiwan. Taiwanese like practicing English with foreigners on the street. Old guy approaches me and is persistent. I don't want to talk so I tell him I'm Russian. Turns out he's a professor of Russian politics and speaks Russian. 3 months later I run into the same dude. He's grilling me. Afraid of being caught out I tell him I was raised in Spain. Dude's wife of thirty years is from Spain. He speaks Spanish. Now I have to change the bus to get to work for a less convenient one becuase the universe is obviously conspiring against me and if I run into him a third time and have my cover blown, confessing that I'm actually a heartless citizens of the USA, I'm going to turn out to be adopted or something. (Thanks u/hersonlaef)/nThis fuck up happened about eight years ago, when I was in my mid teens.

I was a rather adventurous kid and learnt about masturbation at an early age. Obviously at that age I didn't have any "aids" to help me, so I would experiment with objects I would find around the house. It just so happened that my aunt had recently bought me some gifts back from her holiday, and one of them was a miniature lava lamp. Perfect dildo shape.

So, lava lamp in hand I jumped into bed and went about my business. Everything was great, it was my new favourite 'toy'. I fell asleep immediately after feeling happy and satisfied. This is where the fuck up begins.

And then I woke up the next morning and tried to pee. It felt like the contents of my bladder had been replaced with the fiery pits of Mordor. I figured that I just hadn't drank enough and made sure to drink a pint of water before I left for school, which was a fuck up in itself. I spent the rest of the day constantly needing the bathroom and not being able to pee properly, when I could it felt like I was pissing out tiny razor blades that were shredding up my insides.

Any sane person would have made an appointment with a doctor, but no, not me. I went on like this for some time, I think maybe 4-5 weeks. At this point I was in so much pain that I could barely move, but it was at the beginning of the summer holiday and I didn't want to spend it all inside a hospital, and I had a terrible fear of doctors. I told my mother that I just had stomach cramps and I must have ate something bad, but she wouldn't believe me and dragged my ass to the hospital.

It didn't take long for a doctor to come and see me and he started asking me questions about where the pain was. During this time I realised the pain had moved from my bladder to the middle of my stomach/back, but it was far worse on the right side, so I pointed this out to the doctor who promptly left the room and I was told I was being prepped for surgery because it sounded like I had appendicitis. Stupid teen me thought the infection in my bladder had spread there so just went along with the doctor and didn't say anything.

Several hours later and I wake up appendix-free but still in a lot of pain. Some people came to see me and told me that my appendix looked completely normal but they found traces of blood and infection in my urine sample and started me on an extra course of antibiotics.

I ended up spending 5 of the 6 weeks of summer break inside the hospital and still suffer from symptoms of my stupid mistake.

TL;DR: got a UTI from masturbating with a mini lava lamp because I forgot to pee after, ignored the symptoms for weeks and developed a kidney infection and ended up without an appendix.

Go to a doctor if it hurts when you pee. That was the real fuck up here.

Edit: I'm a female. I didn't put a lava lamp inside my penis./nThis occurred within the past 24 hours and could be subtitled, Adventures in Health: a Cautionary Tale

So I've had Apple Cider Vinegar on the edge of my radar for awhile, but never looked into it very deeply. My wife recently picked up a bottle of it to help with some gastric issues my son was having, but only used a teaspoon or so out of it so it was just sitting on the kitchen counter.

Flash forward to a little while ago when I was closing up the house for bed and noticed it. I need to give that a try I mused, then hopped on my phone and did a quick search on recommended methods. Yadda, yadda, so many parts per ounces of water... add a pinch and dash of so and so...in the words of Sweet Brown, "Ain't nobody got time for that." So I grabbed a Dixie cup and poured two fingers. 

Not being a total fool, I took a preparatory sip and although it had a bite, it didn't seem too bad. I did the next logical thing that people who never read directions fully tend to do...pinched my nose and tipped that sucker back. At first, I just got a little bit of the Holy Ghost and did the shimmy shakes, but they passed after a few seconds and I felt okay aside from the extremely pungent aftertaste.

Hey, you remember those science fair volcanos you used to make in elementary school that you fill with baking soda and food coloring, then at the last possible second, douse with a cup of vinegar before running for cover as the bubbling ooze endlessly pours from the top?  That's a really useful metaphor for my story because my baking soda stomach decided that it didn't appreciate an apple cider vinegar bath and, well, I'll spare you the details except to say that the leftover pizza I ate for lunch then wished that I hadn't was no longer an issue for my digestive system. Unfortunately, the myriad of snacks and tonight's dinner was blocking its path down the mountain, but the geyser of apple cider vinegar erupting up my esophagus convinced everything else in my stomach that life would be better down the metaphorical mountain too.

The edges of my vision went dark and I saw a tunnel of light which I doggy paddled along the ether to reach, which transported me to a place made of light. A figure approached out of the mist and I immediately recognized him as Jesus. He knelt and gently took me by the hand and slapped the back of my head and said, "What were you thinking?" Then everything started to fade.

I became acutely aware of the smell of sulphur and a rising burning sensation in my body, but as my vision cleared I realized that I hadn't indeed been catapulted into the lower reaches of Heck (reserved for the headstrong and hasty), but I was just feeling the after effect of my stomach's sudden rebellion. I'm currently able to walk again, although my stomach is a bit jumpy and the back of my throats feels like it's been run over a cheese grater.

If you have enjoyed this story up until now, I urge you to keep your eyes peeled for my soon to be released bestseller, "Better Bulimia Through Apple Cider Vinegar." It promises to be a hard hitting read.

TL;DR Threw back a shot of apple cider vinegar; chaos ensued./nOkay so today I was clearing out a house I just bought when I was flipping the bed over (I got I cheep it's an absolute hell hole thought "I can flip this" what a fucking idiot iam) I stumble and I've landed on literally 30 used heroin needles with all the old cooking spoons and empty bags I'm now in hospital getting my blood checked making sure I'm not gonna turn out like Charlie sheen. 



Fuck my life I'm nervous as hell right now

EDIT: Hi guys thanks for all your messages just been reading through them at work cant believe how many people commented the comedy and the advice really has settled me so thank you reddit ! I was in the hospital for 4 hours after taking 4 samples of my blood they've give me an injection for Hep B and now im having to go on a course of treatment just to be safe, I find out in 2 weeks for my blood results. 

EDIT*: Just to clarify no guy called AJAX gave me the shot

/nThis happened when i was 7 years old.  


I lived in suburban midwest US, where all the kids in the neighborhood could walk alone to the park and each other's houses well across town.  My best friend lived on the other side of the park and for some reason I had this idea that it would be fun to write her an anonymous letter giving hints about which friend I was, and then inviting her to meet me at the park later to see if she had guessed correctly
.

I decided that the letter had to be typed so the handwriting wouldn't give me away.  This was 1997 and computers were so new that microsoft word was entertaining.  I had played pretend secratary enough that I had taught myself to print addresses on an envelope.  I typed up this long letter and gave her 3 clues describing who I was and set a future date for her to meet me.
    
A week or so goes by and I've pretty much forgotten about the letter when we get a frantic phone call from my friend's mom asking if I had received any suspicious mail.  She was so upset when she saw the letter that she went immediately to the police.  Due to the typed envelope and the advanced grammar (thanks Mom) the police believed there was no way this letter was from a 7 year old but surely a local child molester.  Then undercover agents were sent to stake out the park and wait for his arrival.
Her mom was calling all the parents in town warning them to check the mail and be on the lookout for local predators.

I got grounded *for lying about my involvement  at first* for quite awhile and was scared straight after I had to tell my story to the policeman.  Whoops.

*Edit:  Yes, everyone, I know computers existed well before 1997 /nSo how did it begin?
 Well...
 1) Last night at around 5 pm, I broke an aquarium at work (worth about $60.)

2) Cleaning up, minor cut to my thumb.  Very shallow, so I pick off the dead skin.  Ripped a layer of flesh off, and now have an exposed nerve ending, that is relatively small, but doesn't go away, and it is sharp pain, so I can't pretend it's not there.

3) For the first time in 6 months working there, I brought something home with me by accident in my pocket (happens to others regularly). It was the last glass vial we have to test for ammonium.

4) Get home to find a massive crotch rip in my favorite pair of jeans. Go to store to get thread, needle, pins, and denim patch.

5) Realize I forgot thread. I was depressed before, but being pissed starts now.

6) couldn't focus on any work, got nothing done, but somehow managed to not realize I stayed up til Ten, when I wanted to go to sleep by Nine. (need to wake up at 5 am)

The bad shit should have ended with that day. Nope.

7) woke up 45 minutes late since I got to bed an hour late.

8) go to make morning tea to bring with me to school. Realize I forgot my mug at school.

9) Leave house without coffee, or tea, only to also forget breakfast because I'm pissed.

10) 20 minutes late.

11) realize I also forgot my belt when I get to the gym.
 Now for the rest of the day, I'm going to feel like I have plumber's crack, whether it's true or not.

12) No hot water at all in the locker room. a cold shower I can take, but there was a water break in the middle of winter. The water we had was ~45 degrees F. cold water showers are generally ~60-70 degrees F.

13) Walking to car, fall on the ice for the 6th time at this god damn university which does almost nothing to clear ice off the sidewalks on the hills. They DO clear the ice off of the flat ground for some fucking reason.

14) Remember that glass vial I brought home? The last one we had in the lab? Guess what was in my pocket? I now have broken glass in my pocket.

15) get to diner, REFUSING to let the bad shit get me down, and determeined to change my day around with a good hot breakfast. I see they have a special called oreo pancakes. I decided to give it a try. They sold out last friday, and still advertise it.

16)I order a pulled pork sandwich instead, because I'm still determined to have a good day. They are out of pulled pork.

17) Ordered a hot tea to drink with lemon.  Remember how I broke an aquarium, and cut my thumb?  I had a lemon slice in my tea.  I squeezed the juice into my tea.  Yep.

18) breakfast sucked.

Nothing, NOTHING will make me stop being pissed at myself, and the universe. Fuck today.

TL;DR:  Life sucks, and at least half of it was my fault.

*edit: Forgot two of the things.
*Gilding Edit:  Thanks for the silver and gold!  And grammar lesson.  Okay, no literal balls were dropped.  Honestly, I really hoped this would just quietly die into the redditverse, but then somehow it blew up.  Whoa./nObligatory this did not happen today, but around nine month ago. On a weekend we had planned a night out with some friends. An old chap of mine who moved a year ago came over and needed a place to crash, so I invited him over to my place. 

Later that night we started drinking at home before moving over to a club which was about ten minutes by foot from my place. At the club I rapidly spend all of my cash on drinks. I asked the buddy who stayed with me to lend me some money so i could keep partying with them. He happily obliged and we partied until about 04.30 AM before making our way back home. Since he lend me around 50 bucks and was due to leave relatively early in the morning, I decided it would be the best thing to give back the money right away so i wouldn't forget it. So naturally, before going home we went to the next ATM where I wanted to grab enough cash to pay him back, but as we approached the ATM, two guys who were standing right in front of the ATM started to fight each other. 

In my drunk mind - I was ABSOLUTELY smashed, we had been drinking since eight hours - I was pretty sure that someone was being robbed when one of those two guys pinned down the other one to the ground. I turned to my buddy and told him to call the cops while I darted towards those two persons on the ground. I grabbed the one on top, who was holding the bottom guy in a joint lock, and pulled him off while telling him to stop and keep calm.

Now, this is were the Fuck-up happened. I was totally perplexed when all of a sudden the whole place was crowded with people rushing towards me. I was quickly brought to the ground and also pinned down with a joint lock. I shouted to my buddy to call the police asap, but he was too smashed to get his phone to work. 
So while Im lying on the ground shouting something like: "Call the fucking Cops! Call the fucking Cops, shit's going down!", the guy pinning me down leans in to my ear and whispers: "We are the Cops.", all while handcuffing me.

It felt like it was straight out of a mobster movie.
Well, as it turns out, i did NOT observe a Robbery, but what actually went down was an undercover cop making an arrest. I totally busted that arrest and got a pretty bad scratch on my chin and nearly a dislocated shoulder from being tackled and held in that joint lock. Cops were pretty pissed too.

TL;DR: Wanted to save someone from being robbed. Busted an undercover arrest./nThis happened mere days ago.

I was flying home from an ultimate Frisbee tournament this weekend, and before my 6 am flight, I was really trying to rehydrate before the 4 hour flight. My seat is a window seat, and the two strangers to my right are both very asleep. Of course, halfway through the flight, nature aggressively calls and I try to ignore it, but I realize that I'm going to have to do something soon. I'm way too uncomfortable waking up TWO complete strangers to get up so I can go, but I'm about to piss my pants, so I decide that my old shitty water bottle can bite the bullet. After some adjusting and a well placed hoodie over my lap I do my business and fill THE ENTIRE 32 OZ BOTTLE. It was glorious. I screwed on the cap very tight, like as tight as possible. Bad move.

We are exiting the plane after we land and the entering the terminal, and I have the shitty piss filled bottle in my hand, ready to throw away. As I'm walking towards the trash can, I start fumbling my two bags, and I lose my grip on the bottle. It lands cap first onto the hard tile floor, and because the shitty thing was so tightly screwed on, it cracks, and 32 oz of MY FUCKING URINE goes all over the floor. The floor has no ridges at all either, so it just kept spreading. I just stood there for a second. Thank the Lord Almighty, a custodian was nearby, and started walkong over and saying "No worries, happens to the best of us, I'll take care of it" but I'm like "I'm so terriblly sorry, but that's my urine. He gave me a really unfortunate look, and said "Oh really? Ok. Well, that sucks. Ok." I kept saying sorry, and he told me I could go. I didn't dare look at another soul and got the hell out of there. If you are reading this dude, I'm so sorry, I made your day immensely shiitier (or pissier), and you made be not literally die of embarrassment. You da real MVP

TLDR: Really had to pee on a long flight but didn't want to get up, peed an absurd amount into my water bottle, proceeded to drop it and spill urine all over the terminal floor aftering getting off the plane, the greatest custodian ever saves my ass and begrudgingly cleans it up/nThis actually happened over the summer, when I was studying abroad in Germany. Sometime mid July. I'll also be honest up-front, I don't have proof that this was an attempted abduction, because I got away at the end. It's nevertheless clear that there were sinister motivations, so the "best" possible situation was an attempted date rape.

At the end of the semester, I traveled around a bit with my (now ex) boyfriend, who was also in Germany for a summer job, but lived in a different city than me. One place I REALLY wanted to go was Trier, the oldest city in Germany, so he and I booked train tickets and planned to meet there for a weekend. Unfortunately, it turned out that Trier wasn't much of a destination (even though I thought it was super cool), so the only train my boyfriend could get would have him arrive at 1am on Friday night, whereas my train got into town at about 3 in the afternoon. No big deal, though, I figured just see some sights on my own and stay up to let him into the hotel when he got there. 

At about 9pm on that Friday, I was done walking around but it was still light out (summertime) and the main square was still really hopping with people out for the evening, so I decided that I'd buy a beer from a grocery store (yes, I'm super cheap) and just sit on one of the benches in the square enjoying the atmosphere before heading back to the hotel for the night. So far, so good. 

I'm sitting in the square sipping my beer, and this maybe mid-30s guys starts chatting with me in English because he's Pakistani. This isn't so unusual, since the whole "backpacking across Europe" thing is still sort of a thing, so young travelers often chat with each other in my experience. I'm kind of uncomfortable at this point, but that's just because I'm an awkward introvert who hates talking to strangers. The whole time we're talking, I'm kind of thinking *"wow, I can't wait for this conversation to end so I can go back to the hotel and Reddit"*. 

Once I finish my drink, though, he notices and asks if I'd like to go to a bar and get a drink. I'm a total homebody who doesn't do things like go to bars with strange men, so I decline, but eventually he persuades me to move to an outdoor table at a street-side cafe. *Ok,* I think, *I've got plenty of time before my boyfriend gets here. I'll have one soda pop and then excuse myself.*

Nope. As soon as the waitress comes over, before I can open my mouth, the guy orders two beers- one for each of us. Still, two drinks isn't much. I knew I could more than handle it, and I decided I'd accept the one drink, but no more (not to mention I don't like Pilsners, which is what he ordered. Hefe-Weizen for life.) We're chatting, and he asks if I'm alone in Trier or with friends, so I say that I'm with a "friend", meaning my boyfriend. He immediately follows with asking if this "friend" is male or female, and seems disappointed when I say male. (Yes, in hindsight I should have said "boyfriend", but remember that this boyfriend is now my *ex*, as mentioned above, and at this point we were already on course to break up, so it wasn't quite so cut-and-dry what we "were".) However, this may have been what saved me later.

After we finish the beers, he starts complaining that the cafe isn't showing the world cup game, even though Germany was playing that night. I should have excused myself then, but he convinced me to move out of the main square to a side street and to sit down at another outdoor cafe where we can see a TV screen. Again, he immediately orders me a beer. 

Now I'm going into my third drink in less than an hour, which is more than I care to drink alone in a strange city with a strange man. When the waitress arrives and gives us our glasses, he immediately started saying that he was going to order us both shots as well! This is where I put my foot down... except he ignores that. Despite me saying "no" to the shots multiple times, he got up and went to find the waitress to order the shots, probably so that I *couldn't tell her that I didn't want one*. 

Now it's really clear that he's trying to get me drunk, and I really don't want to be drunk. Again, yes, hindsight is 20/20. I should have taken his absence from the table as my opportunity to disappear, but I'm an idiot. A lot of why I didn't leave is because he didn't really do anything "wrong", if that makes sense? He didn't make lewd comments or grab me or anything- the only "wrong" thing he was doing was being very persuasive and then ignoring my protests against more drinks. Otherwise, he was very friendly and polite, so out of a desire to also be polite, I stayed. Ladies: learn from my mistake, and DON'T STAY IN SITUATIONS LIKE THIS JUST TO BE POLITE. 

Even though I stayed at the table, I'm not a *complete* moron, so while I was alone, I dumped half of my beer into the potted plant next to me. I'm really not sure if he noticed, because he didn't say anything about it, but the plant was still fizzing when he returned... oops.

Now we've got two shots in front of us and partially drunk beers. I finish both and run in to the bathroom (that's a 1.5liters in an hour and a half... I was bursting at the seams), only to return to find out he'd ordered us both another beer in my absence. This beer is now the 5th drink of the evening, and would put the volume of liquid at 2 liters. That's hella beer, and I was really struggling to even drink it. 

While I'm super slowly sipping my beer, the guy started getting phone calls every few minutes. Now, I mentioned he was Pakistani before because that's relevant now. I couldn't understand the calls because he was speaking Urdu on the phone, but it was clear that someone was impatient with him and wanted him to hurry up, especially since they kept calling back over and over. He said it was some friends asking him to come hang out. Eventually, he got tired of waiting for me to finish my beer (I was REALLY struggling to drink it), so he says "forget the beer, let's go." He pays the tab and we start walking down the side street. 

Now it's about 10:30pm. It's dark. I decided to myself that one way or another, I would be gone and headed back to the hotel at 10:45. 

While we're walking through the streets of Trier, an older Pakistani man suddenly comes up to us. His uncle, apparently, who speaks no German or English. I shake his hand and greet him anyway, then the guy stepped in between me and his uncle, so that I couldn't see what they were doing... but I could hear the sound of paper money being exchanged and counted. Then the guy said "thanks", and we kept walking. 

After a little bit, we come to a hookah bar. The guy has been smoking cigarettes all evening, which is also pretty normal in Europe, but I have never smoked in my life and I don't want to start (I can't stand the smell), so I'd declined his offers of cigarettes. Now he's trying to persuade me to go into the hookah bar (where his "friends" who'd been calling him are) and smoke a hookah and have another drink. Nope. I glance at my watch, and it's 10:45, when I promised myself I'd leave no matter what. 

So I begin to say that I couldn't *possibly* stay and smoke a hookah because my (boy)friend's train would be in at 11, and I said I'd be there to meet him (which is complete BS- he wouldn't arrive for another two hours). I'm super clear that there's a man expecting me very shortly, which gets him to finally back off (weird how that works), then I quickly walk away. Once I'm around the corner, I broke into a run for a bit to make sure I wasn't being followed, then found my way back to the main square and then to my hotel, where I collapsed on my bed. Everything was swirling around me because of the booze, and the first thing my boyfriend said when he saw me 2 hours later was "...are you drunk?"

&#x200B;

**TL;DR** \- I was an idiot and let a stranger get me drunk while I was alone at a bar in a foreign country, and he may have tried to sell me to a middle-aged man, but I ran away right before I walked into what was potentially a trap where his "friends" were waiting. *Never ever stay in a situation where you're uncomfortable just to be polite!*/nObligatory, this happened about three weeks ago. My ex and I were in the process of breaking off our engagement, and it’s been extremely stressful for the both of us. A day before I moved out he asked me if I was on my period, which I replied yes, and he seemed somewhat relieved. I didn’t think much of it, naturally, I had many other things on my mind. Well a few hours later we talking about how it all sucks and how we wish things were different, and mentioned how stressful and heartbreaking it has been but he’s learned a lot from it all, yada yada yada, then he started to giggle. 

He proceeds to tell me that a few days before I decided to move out, which was an extremely rough time for us, he smoked a bowl and went to take a shit. When we went to flush he looked in the toilet and saw blood. He stood there really really high for quite some time looking at his poop. He was convinced that the stress was causing him to shit blood. He spent days googling if heart break and stress can cause bloody stools, and with no avail he brought it up to his friend and his (friends) wife, his dad and with multiple coworkers (since he works at a human hospital) and even they were all stumped and extremely worried, so they started doing their research as well. 

At this point I’m laughing so hard I started crying. Well, unfortunately, when I cry I tend to throw up, which he used to his advantage. (I cry more than I’d like to admit so I’m not generally bothered by it anymore unless I cry in public.) So I’m sitting there by the toilet laughing my ass off and throwing up as he keeps going on about how high he was looking at his poop and how terrified he was for days,  googling for hours and hours and, in his need for some sort of petty revenge he wouldn’t stop talking about it for a good 45 minutes making me laugh harder, cry more, resulting in me throwing up more. I miss him. 


TL;DR I forgot to flush the toilet while on my period, convincing my ex he was shitting blood due to stress and heartache, which got me laughing so hard I started throwing up. 

Edit 1: I fixed the wife part. It’s his friends wife! 

Edit 2: Oooo! Thanks for the gold stranger!!! 

Edit 3: People have asked why we broke up, I don’t mind sharing [my story](https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/81qt8k/comment/dv4z8m0?st=JEBX3U51&sh=6658bd85) , it’s actually kind of a relief to talk about it with people other than my family. 

Actually now I’m a little nervous about sharing so much with a bunch of strangers. I’ll leave it up nonetheless but please don’t hurt my feelings too bad! I’m a sensitive soul. 

Edit: I can’t even begin to tell you all how much it means to me that you are sharing your stories and giving me support like this. I honestly was expecting some sort of backlash. I’ve got my issues, I’m a disorganized person who never did the dishes, (I’d rather clean the whole kitchen before i do the dishes and I hardly did that) who drinks, sleeps and swears too much. I’m also hot headed and I am good at hurting people’s feelings if they hurt mine. I’m not a perfect person. We all have our issues, doesn’t mean we are bad people, and it just depends on finding someone who can deal with them and hopefully helps you better yourself. He’s not a bad person, and I feel I probably made him come off worse than he is. There was so much good in the relationship I just couldn’t handle the bad. I hope sharing my story helped at least one person out there because reading all of yours helped me. /nThis being my second post ever, I'm prepared for it to disappear into oblivion, but the more I think about it, the more I realize this sub would be incomplete without it.

(obligatory this was several months ago)

I've got waxy-ass ears. Every time a doctor checks them out, I get a "tsk, awful lot of wax in there." Like yeah dude, I fucking know, but I'm not supposed to q-tip that shit, so what do you want from me? Like it's some kind of personal moral failing. But I digress. Once a year or so, I pour some hydrogen peroxide in there to deal with the issue (on the off chance anyone reads this, don't lose your damn minds. I've had doctors suggest I do this, doctors who say not to do it, and doctors who look at me like I'm fucking crazy. My takeaway is that it works for me and medical science might not know all there is to know about waxy-ass ears). The peroxide bubbles away for awhile, then I flip over on to that ear to let it drain while I do the other side. It's great.

So I have my SO help me with the procedure by pouring in the peroxide. He expresses some misgivings, being unfamiliar with the plight, but gamely helps me out. All goes well, I put the bottle to the side, and we go to sleep.

Fast forward several hours. I wake up, reach over, grab my water bottle, unscrew the cap, and take a big ol gulp. As I'm in the middle of taking my next gulp, it dawns on me. I don't have a water bottle next to my bed - I have a glass. In that half-second I realize what I've done, and leap from bed with a mouthful of hydrogen peroxide. I spit into the bathroom sink and take a long hard look in the mirror. Fuck. I'm feeling the bubbles work their way down my esophagus into my tum. It does not feel good. It is burny. And bubbly. I try to make myself throw up - not happening. I realize this might be one of those things where you *don't* want to throw up the poison you just drank, to avoid further damage. I go to the fridge. I drink a shit ton of cashew milk, cause that's what we've got. I eat a glob of peanut butter, thinking the peroxide might attach to that rather than the lining of my stomach (I don't fucking know man, it was 3am and I was freaking out).

Realizing I was gonna be up and down a lot, I move my pillow and blanket to the couch. I do some Googling. I'm probs not gonna die, says the internet. I haven't drank enough and it's the very diluted kind, as opposed to the sort of diluted kind. This knowledge is only vaguely comforting, as my entire insides were on fire. I eventually fall into a fitful sleep. An hour of so later, my SO realizes I'm not in bed and comes to see what's up. "I drank peroxide." No really grasping wtf that meant, he tells me to come back to bed and I do. I move a pillow on the bed and as I do it bursts, covering our bed in a layer of feathers. Having reached peak "what the fuck" for one night, we put a blanket down over the feathers and go the fuck back to bed.

My next several days were spent cleaning feathers and pooping tar. Very cheap cleanse that I do not recommend.

TL;DR - cleaned my ears, drank peroxide, shit unholy blackness for awhile. Also fun feather pillow denouement.

Edit: Thank you for all of the ear cleaning advice, team! This is the most exciting day! Oh, and as for team "call poison control" - I did, but a) it was tremendously unhelpful and b) it was uninteresting and made the story too long. Also, Dr. Google informed me that night that people drink food grade hydrogen peroxide *on purpose* to cleanse. It's a terrible idea, but apparently a thing.

One more: Thanks for the gold, internet friend! I will always remember this day, probably!

Also: I too use the Q. The yearly-peroxiding is just extra. I'm very interested in all this other stuff though.
And: The *seam* on the pillow broke open as I pulled it across the bed. Dunno bro. 
/nThis happened 28 years or so ago. Back then MacGyver was a huge show on tv and just so happened to be my favorite thing to watch. I idolized the guy and even had a MacGyver haircut which I later learned was just a mullet... but it was a cool mullet.

Anyhow late April-May of my 2nd grade year our school held a science fair. I had never participated in a fair and didn’t have a clue as to what to do but I was interested in all things related to science and decided I should combine my favorite tv show and the project into one. A few weeks prior I watched MacGyver build fertilizer bombs with newspaper, fertilizer and gasoline. They were about the size of a sandwich and he lit them then through the bombs out a car window at the bad guys causing a massive explosion and saving the day...  See where this is going?

Not having the best parents when it came to this kind of stuff I decided I’d just handle the fair on my own but being a 7 yr old kid I also procrastinated till the night before the project was due which kind of saved my butt. Instead of building a fertilizer bomb and taking it to school I decided to write the instructions up and turn it in as my science fair project. I wrote the instructions up just as I had seen on tv and turned them in to my teacher.

Midway through the morning the teacher calls me outside the class and asks about my project. She wanted to know where I learned something like this and whether I had made the bomb. She asked if I had a bomb in my book bag, she then went through my book bag to make sure. By now I realized I had screwed up. I ended up in the principals office, parents got called, grounded from my Atari, mullet got cut off and I wasn’t allowed to watch MacGyver until I was 10. I didn’t get into any trouble at all from the school, I think they thought it was amusing and it helped I had not been in any trouble for the year.

TLDR: I wrote the instructions up on building a fertilizer bomb and turned them in for a science fair project in second grade./nMe and my wife have been living in Canada and I have been going to school. We decide that once I am done in a year we will move near her family in the USA. We also decide to have an inexpensive baby while still in Canada. We had no luck getting pregnant for one year.

Fast forward until End of January 2018. I graduate and she finds a job at a hospital in the USA near her family and it offers good medical, and a moving bonus. We pack up everything, hire movers with the promised bonus and move across country. Wife still testing negative on the pregnancy test. 

The first week of February we drive across the country, to a city 3 hours from her parents and stay in an air-bnb for 2 weeks in preparation, to find an apartment. My wife goes to HR, they say she needs to get a physical to work in the hospital. She is supposed to start the second week. The tests all go fine, she is drug free, the only thing is the doctor finds that she is partially susceptible to Chicken Pox. That is fine she just needs to get the vaccine morning she starts. One caveat to this test is the vaccine actually giving the person chicken pox, so it could potentially mess up the baby. So we take another pregnancy test the day before just to make sure she still is not pregnant. She tested positive, which is awesome for 1 year we have been trying, but this means she cannot get the vaccine. Then she cannot pass the physical, and therefore the hospital told my wife that they cannot hire her. 

We now have no health insurance. The hospital told us they will not reimburse us the $4000 moving costs since my wife did not pass the physical. 

I need to hurry up and find a job so we can go to the doctor. I hear doctors visits are important in pregnancy. I had not started to apply for a job because I was taking a break after all the school and am working as a consultant with no health insurance.

TLDR; Me and my wife have been trying to have a baby for 1 year. The week before she starts a new job she gets pregnant cannot get vaccinated to work in a hospital and loses her job before she starts.

edit: Wow this got a lot bigger a lot faster than I expected. I was driving back to my in-laws house 3 hours. I will try to respond to everyone. I am pm'ing /u/Icecityx1221 my resume.

edit2: We paid 6 years into Canadian health care, so inexpensive pregnancy, yet we realize raising a respectable human being will cost money. We had a plan with a couple months savings (that was supposed to buy us a house), we both had a full time job before we moved. I expected to have some time before getting a job.

edit3: I am off to bed. Thank you reddit for all of your comments. I have a grad degree in software engineering and do not think I should have a problem getting a job, it is just taking longer than I want. I have 4 years full stack experience, and 6 year data science experience. 

edit4: Re: prep for the physical, my doctor diagnosed me with chicken pox as a kid, and school and jobs never required testing for it, so I believed I was immune. A year ago my doctor checked me for pregnancy-related titers and said I was all set. So, I did go into this job fully aware and fully believing I met all criteria. -Wife/nSo... I usually cut my own hair. Been doing it for years. Do a decent job.

I have to meet new clients, important clients, rich clients.

Figured I should get a nice professional haircut.

The place I used to go to was closed, so there was new hipster type barber shop that just opened a little while ago so I decided to give it a try even though it cost 20$ more than the usual place.

Tell the guy I want a hard part like I usually get. He starts washing and cutting, turns me so my back is to the mirror so he can start trimming the front. I feel him using a razor on my part like normal... Then not like normal I feel a huge stroke of the razor.... I'm nervous.

As he slowly turns me back towards the mirror [the horror](https://imgur.com/gallery/vEgLaSG) was obvious.

Why the fuck would anyone want this, I've never seen this hair cut. And it's certainly never been given to me when I asked for a hard part.

I'm sad. I have a dorito sized bald spot

TL:DR; I'm a barber meme. Gimme dat isosceles. Gotchu Fam.

/n!!*** Making an update of the r/TIGFO page 7/5 2 am********** !!









I’m a bartender. I’ve been working with the same people for a couple of years now (the two people I’m about to talk about got hired at the beginning of this bar opening with me.)
Like i said, it’s been about two years. These two girls have been an incredibly HUGE part of my life ever since. We have pretty much been inseparable since we became friends during opening.

Today, I worked a double. I opened, There’s always just one person during the day shifts, and that was me today, and I was SLAMMED. it’s summer break (we are a bar arcade) so I didn’t get to stock everything I needed to to prepare night shift. At 5:00, when my night shifters got to work, instead of taking a break, I took that time to finish the things I couldn’t to prepare night shift fully. And then instead of taking a break after that, I went ahead and got back behind the bar and started working because they were busy, and I couldn’t leave them in the weeds.

To finish up, we got our asses kicked, after my 12 straight hour shift with no break, I finally was cut, so I did my side work, and before I was ready to clock out, I went to our till, ready to do the three way split (since the way we do things, we just take the entire place and split it), and a bunch of credit card tips were missing.

To summarize, my co workers had tried to hide over $150 in credit card tips to try and not split with me. And I am so fucking upset, my heart felt like it could explode, and I’m pretty sure I just lost my best friends, but also, fuck both of them.

TL;DR, My bartenders/best friends/co workers tried to steal over $150 from me after I worked a 12 hour shift today and I’m fucking upset about it.



***************


Holy shit, this blew up. Hi, Reddit! I have a couple updates to questions I saw, but first want to say thank you to everyone who is showing me support and giving me some really good advice. I had a good nights rest and time to cool down and think more rationally about what conspired last night. 

***Update 1: Yes, I did get my money. This was after I had noticed when I went to do the split that there were multiple credit card payments missing their tips, which you can enter in at anytime. (Side note, it had been about an hour before we entered in any more tips because we were actually pretty busy focusing on other things.) and for my fellow bartenders, we split tips after all your early out shit is done, because we still talk to bar guests while doing it. 


**Also yes, I did confront them and ask them why they both did it the second I figured out what had just went down. Neither of them really wanted to face the situation. So i took the hidden credit card tips and split them three ways and fucking bounced.


**Also, lmao, I’m a girl. 


**As for the cash tips, who the fuck knows. They could have swiped some of that too, but I’ll never know. 


**The three of us are gonna have a meeting about this after a long group chat message I sent just between the three of us. I’m gonna basically let them explain themselves before going straight to the owners and hopefully communication can be handled in a more positive light moving forward.

**I was scheduled to work after my morning shift as a double. Everyone was well aware of that. I’m getting questions as if I just voluntarily stayed to eat into their tip pool. Hell no, I was scheduled to open and then work an early out night shift. 

I will update after our meeting.


***Update 2: So I want to clarify on a couple points before i talk about the meeting, I’ve been asked “are you 100% sure they tried to actually hide this money?” And “don’t jump to conclusions so quickly” so let me explain very clearly- on the right of our register is a cup we get credit card slips in that have NOT been entered into the computer. On the left of the register is a cup of credit card slips that HAVE been put into the register. At the time it was ready for me to do the split, the credit card slips that were in the cup on the right were gone. When asked about it, I got pretty much no response. I’m not an idiot, and there are really only a couple of hiding places behind the bar, so I lifted the register and found the hidden/unentered credit card slips, and mildly flipped the fuck out because I’m also not trying to make a scene with a full bar behind me, because god forbid one of us have an ounce of professional courtesy left in our bones.

**I also want to let everyone know that I have read pretty much all of these comments and have taken everybody’s advice to heart and I can’t express my appreciation for that enough. 

Okay, so, I’m going to refer to these two co workers “M” and “K”. M was the one who texted me after I had left work to try and apologize and somewhat explain herself. I didn’t text her back immediately because I needed a minute to not say things that could hurt me or quite honestly, hurt her as well. I wanted to talk about this seriously and rationally. 

**The next morning (yesterday morning), the first thing I did was call my boss. I told her everything, and I sent her screenshots of the text messages M had sent me. I called a meeting between me, K, M, and my boss all together. I got to work early, and M had actually gotten there right around the same time (also showing up early) and K worked yesterday morning (which I completely forgot she had to open, so fuck me), but when I got to work, I saw K, and she walked right by me in the parking lot not saying a word to me. Also not coming to the meeting. So that’s super cool. 

**So, my boss, M, and myself all sat down in our back office and had a long chat. Now I just got to work (I closed last night, and had to open today. Clopens are the best. /s) So I will be back to update some more after I get home and my shift is over. Just wanted to let everyone know that I’ll still be updating you, probably for the next few days.

***Making an update on r/TIGFO tonight**** follow my feed for updates on this shit./nBefore I begin I just want you to understand I'm not from the states I'm from germany, and currently attend Ohio state university. This is also a throw away cause I don't want it linked with my main anyway in America the culture shock is insane, and I picked up a lot on the dialect anyway. I met a very beautiful girl here, and we hit it off. We are practically dating, but not official yet. Anyway we were getting to know each other, and I mean really know each other she asked me everything from sex life, dating life, goals, aspirations, dreams hopes etc and throughout these questions she asked me one question that I didn't understand was too embarrassed to answer but did anyway. She asked me "Vanilla or Kinky" I did not understand what this meant it made no sense vanilla is an ice cream flavor, but kinky made it obvious it was a sexual question.. I just picked vanilla cause vanilla seemed less dirty. I knew she was sexually attracted to me to ask that so I just went with it.. in my head I thought vanilla was pouring vanilla on her and licking it off. After our conversation I decided to pick up vanilla ice cream.. cause I thought she wanted me to lick it off her. The next time we had sex I planned on pouring it on her and licking it off cause I thought that is what she was hinting at. Either way we met up in her dorm room, and we were getting into it, and I took out the ice cream from my bag (it melted a little), and poured a big scoop of it on her body and she goes "WHAT THE FUCK", and I'm hesistant a bit and she says "What are you even doing..." she was a little more calm now, and I explained the whole thing.. turns out that vanilla means regular.. for some fucking reason vanilla meant regular. I felt like a retard beyond belief... she laughed for a good 5 minutes, and went to take a shower and I'm sitting there thinking my god what the fuck is wrong with me....she was very cool about it though.. and we were still "together", but I will never live it down. I later skyped my family back home in germany, and my mom was dying of laughter, and my dad sat there with the stupidest look on his face.. and now I'm here typing this.

AutoModerator is threatening me so here is "TLDR"

TLDR: got asked vanilla or kinky, thought vanilla meant pouring vanilla on girl and licking it off. did as such, and humilated my self.

EDIT: its "THE!!!!!!! ohio state university" don't hang me.

EDIT2: Whoever gilded me thank you so much, but it's a throw away... /n

So this happened a last night. She uses Reddit so I hope she doesn't read this. Thank god we dont share accounts. No I did not cheat on her with her sister. Allow me to explain.

I had met my wife some 6 years ago through a mutual friend. After a about few months of dating, we decided we wanted to move in together. She was 20 and I was 22. At this point I had not yet met her family nor has she met mine. I guess once her parents got wind of our big plans, they decided to have a celebratory dinner to meet the "poor sucker" as her father described me..  she and her sister lived with their parents. We got there just in time, dinner had just come out of the oven. All seated at the table, her sister comes upstairs and me and her immediately lock eyes. Was a very awkward 2 hours. Her sister pulled me aside when she got a chance and we both vowed to never speak about the one night stand. 

Fast forward to today, my wife decides to ask me funny questions she read online.  Her question was  "where is the wierdest place you have ever had sex. We have an understanding that we both had sex lives before we met so I thought I would blow her mind with this one. 

well.
I proceed to tell her  about  the craziest place I ever had sex. I told her how our mutual friend ( same on who had introduced us)  had  a massive party. His property was huge and had a semi repurposed barn in the back. Me and some girl found a nicely secluded area of the barn and went at it like a bunch of barn animals. We were fucking vigorously that we broke some old rocking chair we were "repurposing" ourselves. As I'm sitting there laughing away, I notice she is not laughing. As a matter of fact she looked disgusted and shocked. Like she was about to burst into tears. I realized something was wrong.

Turns out she had asked her sister that question early. And her sister provided the same choice of craziest places right down to the broken chair and the month of the year.  I completely forgot that THAT was where I banged her sister.. well we had some unsettling words. I tried to convince her it was just a coincidence. She spoke to her sister but I dont know what was said. She hasn't spoken to me since. I slept on the guest room and she was gone for work early by the time I got up. Her sister wont answer my calls. Guess I'll find out after work what the situation will be.  

EDIT: it's hard for me to reply to everybody considering the situation. I haven taken alot of the comments into consideration. But unfortunately I have already spoken with my sister in law. She thought that never in million years would I have revealed that information or the details of it to my wife.  From what I know so far my wife is more upset that we conspired to hide it from her for so many years.  At the time she was questioning me, I was really intoxicated as I do enjoy the occasional toke or two since weed is legal where I reside. I have not yet spoken to my wife but I do know that she has packed some bags and is staying with a friend, coincidentally it's her friend who dislikes me. For those of you who are concerned, yes, during my FU I was trying to convince my wife that our stories were coincidentally similar. What can I say, i was high, panicking and trying to quickly resolve the situation 

I will update again when I hear from my wife. 

UpdateTIFU I received a message to just post in my original thread so yea. this will be my final update because things are kind of messed up right now. I never expected to be overwhelmed with comments like this but I did read alot of them and took your thoughts into consideration. 

First off, I have not and will never sleep with my sister in law again.  I slept with her 1 time BEFORE I met my now wife and F'd up by keeping it a secret.  I should have told her from the beginning and have never gotten married without first revealing it to her. But you've got to understand, there isnt really a good time to reveal this to the love of your life. 

For a brief period of no contact, I was still discussing what had occurred with her sister, but she would not stop referring to how great that night was, making dirty jokes and adding winking emojis. I stopped replying to her for the sake of my marriage.

I finally spoke with my wife. She had been ignoring my calls for hours, so I decided to "breach her trust" and used her iPad to track her iPhone. I figured my best fighting chance was to apologize in person. I had already done so much wrong by this point, I had better do this right.
Apparently she seen my post cause she said "PoST tHiS oN yOuR FuCKIn ReDDiT!" 
Well HI SARAH!!! Hows this for a fucking post!!

I knocked on the door of the find my iphone address. She happened to answer with a MAN STANDING BEHIND HER. Apparently she has been having an affair with this guy!  I can not believe this shit. We have been trying for a kid for the past year, she was taking birth control to prevent pregnancy. She didn't want me to find out she was cheating by having a kid that's not mine. I dont even know how long this has been going on, whether I should believe her or if she is just trying to get revenge as she's always been very revengeful.

I'm soo fucking pissed my whole world has been turned upside down. Thank you for advice people but I don't think I can count on her getting over it.  My lifes fucked now..  i sincerely love my wife and never meant to hurt her in anyway. 


TL;DR :  I accidentally told my wife I banged her sister 6 years ago before we met and now i dont know if our relationship is over or not/nObligatory, this didn't actually happen today, but two weeks ago.

I was working at my temp job as a front desk person at a fancy apartment complex in Chicago. The day was going extremely slow, and I was very bored, so I decided to work on my logo (for a cartoon blog I was starting). I eventually finished the and wanted to take a picture of it. Unfortunately, the lighting was terrible, so I hung it on the wall behind the front desk which had better lighting. I immediately took down the logo after taking a picture, finished my shift, and then left for work. The next morning, I came into work and there was a repairman there. I asked him if he needed help and he said, "Yeah. I'm here to fix the wall. Some idiot temp from the temp agency hung up a picture of some shit and it tore off some of the paint." He then showed me the spot where the tape from the picture had ripped off the paint (I kid you not. The damage was the size of a fingerprint). The repairman continued to fix the wall while simultaneously talking shit about the "idiot temp." When he left, he said, "So, who are you anyway?" I just said, "I'm the idiot temp," with a straight face, and it was immediately awkward. When the manager came in, I apologized and told her it was a mistake. I also said I was prepared to pay for the expenses, thinking it’d be like $40-$50 or something. Turns out, the building had spent $5000 to make that wall, and it was painted with real gold paint. The manager then told me that you could still see the spot (which is kind of bullshit. you could see it if you really looked for it while standing at an incredibly specific angle). I apologized again and she told me to go back to work. I spent the rest of my shift in fear of having to pay $5000. When my shift ended, I went home, still without answers. That night, my temp agency called and told me their insurance would be covering the wall and that I shouldn’t come into work for the last two days of my assignment. I asked them how this would affect me at the temp agency, and they told me not to worry about it. However, I haven’t heard a word for them for two weeks now, so I’m starting to really worry.

TL;DR I hung up a picture at work and tore off some paint of what ended up being a $5,000 gold wall. Thus, I was fired./nDidn't happen today but quite a while ago. Just heard this Karl Pilkington thing about something similar, and remembered this. 

Anyhow, back then, I was feeling a bit lonely and was going through a bit of a dry spell. I matched with a few bots and generally uninteresting people, some of whom were so dumb, I actually felt like doing anything sexual with them might be considered statutory rape. 

At some point however, I matched up with this incredibly stunning woman who definitely piqued my interest for she was both beautiful and intelligent. She also had a great speaking voice and I was definitely keen on seeing how far this could go. Maybe even relationship material, who knows??

I discovered that she was really into yoga and everything else that comes with a yogi's lifestyle. The only reason that this is worth mentioning is because she thought I looked like I was into yoga as well, but I was not, although at the time I was seriously considering giving it a shot.

We go on back and forth mostly about yoga and her lifestyle which was fascinating to me. She would constantly make remarks about how impressed she was that I never asked her anything sexual and told me all of her horror stories with other dudes. The reality is, I find it really weird and awkward trying to ask girls for sexual favours on the internet. I don't know why, but I'm far smoother with this sort of thing in person. Either way, We set a date to meet and all was well. If anything sexual were to happen, it would be then. 

Two days before we were set to meet, completely out of the blue, she sends me a photo of her lying in her underwear, with a bit of a nip slip situation going on. Then she sends me a video of her lying on her tummy, but you briefly get a glimpse of her beautiful rear end. 

Being the awkward fuck I was, I had no idea how to react to that message and thought that she'd shown me some, so I shall do the same?? 

I do a similar thing in photo form showing her a bit of my rear end mostly as a joke, but secretly hoping she'd enjoy that and send some more or maybe get a "looking forward to meeting you" thing. 

Without a word, she blocks me off of everything and that was the end of that. 

**Tl;dr: met someone cool on tinder and planned to meet her. She showed me her ass 2 days prior, I felt compelled to do the same and never heard back from them anymore.**


*Edit: I'm glad this was amusing to many of you. It's cool to see that all the dudes think this is a huge no-no, but the girls totally dig my response. It's quite an interesting twist, I have to say. Just wanted to clarify a few things;*

*I did send her a compliment and she responded to the compliment. The fuck up was really me feeling weird afterwards for not sending something back. Keep in mind I was completely new to this online dating malarkey.* 

*It was definitely meant for me because of the above, but also, she sent me a voice note on WhatsApp saying something about them being a little gift.* 

*I'm also fairly certain she was a real person. We spoke on the phone a few times and sent each other photos of us doing the same stuff (like if I said I was going shopping, she'd send me a cute photo of her unpacking her groceries or whatever).* 

*Also, again; this happened a long time ago. I'm quite happily married at the moment, so I'm not depressed because she "didn't want my dick."  Was I confused? Sure, but i moved on fairly quick. You can stop sending me Aggro PMs about being a bitch for still hanging on to this thing. It's just a funny story. Enjoy it, or check out something else.*/nI have been playing a subtle and what I thought harmless prank on one of my co-workers for the last four and a half years. 

This guy, let's give him a fake name of Reginald, is a bit of an oddball, but a good dude. He is very quiet and polite, kind of keeps to himself, but sometimes comes up with random and hilarious one-liners out of nowhere. I like him. 

About four and a half years ago I did this prank for the first time. He always has a post-it note pad on his desk. I turned to a post-it note a few pages (is 'pages' the right word?) back and wrote the word "Fart!" on the post-it. A few days later he got to that post-it note, saw the word, stared at it for a few seconds, and said out loud to himself "...What!?" He then quickly removed that post-it, ripped it into three pieces, and threw it in the trash.

So, I have done this about once every two weeks for the last four and a half years. I can't even count how many times I have done. But literally every single time I see him find the post-it he does the EXACT same thing. In the same exact tone of voice, to himself, he says "...What!?" And then every single time he always rips it into THREE pieces and throws it away.

Nobody else has ever seen the post-it. He has never told anyone, as far as I know. He just, every time, almost as if he is seeing it the first time, says "...What!?" and rips it into three pieces.

I kind of became obsessed with this. I just waned to see if he'd ever do something different.

Well, today, he did. I saw him write a post-it note, pull it off the pad, and thereby revealed the post-it I'd written "Fart!" on. 

This time, it was different. He stared at it in silence for a solid five minutes. Suddenly, he SHOUTED. This crazy primal roar sort of a shout. He picked up his computer monitor and slammed it into the floor. He held up the post-it note pad and screamed "WHO IS DOING THIS!?!" 

Everyone stared at him in shock, myself included. Nobody said a word. After a moment he ran out of the office.

I am mortified and full of shame. I thought it was a harmless prank but apparently it had been really bothering him for the past few years and he just snapped. 

I want to apologize in person, but I won't, because I refuse to take responsibility. I don't want people to think negatively of me. I think I will apologize anonymously, and explain I meant no harm. I feel terrible./nAbout 10 years ago in my horny teen boy years (14-16) I used to go online to chatrooms or webcam sites to get off. I was also bi-curious and talked to other boys and probably men. I decided to record some videos of myself and send them to people online. My parents just got a new video camera and gave me their old one. It was one of those pre-digital, cassette tape kinds. So I took all these very raunchy videos of myself, jerking myself off, spreading my ass, cumming onto myself, putting things up my butt etc. It was after that I realized I had no idea how to upload the film onto my computer. So I just forgot about it. Years passed, I went to college, moved away, became a normal adult, etc. 

This weekend I've been at my parents house for a family gathering including aunts/uncles/grandparents. Yesterday after dinner I was out in the yard playing soccer with my younger cousins while most of the adults were inside watching old family videos...... After a couple hours I go inside into the living room and see my uncle has rigged up that old cassette camcorder to the TV. Immediately my memory is flooded with my nasty antics, my heart hits 200 bpm. My mom must have dug it up when I moved out and saved it. I quickly look at the screen. It's my sisters high school basketball game. I try to remember if I destroyed the tape. I must have. How could I not? The basketball game cuts to a family vacation to a lava flow field. My dad making goofy faces and me being a moody twat. I cringe at my too-cool-for-this behavior. Uncle presses fast-forward, blurs of black-gray rock formations fly past, then abruptly transitions into a fleshy mass of humiliation. It's hard to make out what's going on but I know instantly. My uncle presses play; I die inside. There I am, laid on my back, legs raised up against a table, pointing my underage dick at my face beating off and moaning. "Oh goodness" said grandma. "What the fuck" said everyone else. I put my hands up to my face and wished that an asteroid would hit right where I'm standing. /nSorry for formatting. My intranet at work is terrible for Reddit and image hosting. I'll add with mobile later. 

Last May, two friends and I signed up to foster a litter of kittens from the local shelter. We chose kittens because they're low maintenance in respect to puppies. We have a good place to do it, love animals, and have the time. So we walked into the shelter, signed up, received a background check, and then told to standby. On June 1st we got the call. We were so excited. The clerk informed us that they did not have kittens, but puppies. We discussed amongst ourselves and agreed we could do 4 puppies instead of kittens. When we arrived, they brought us straight into a room with 8 puppies hobbling around and squeaking. They were 2-3 weeks old. 3-5 pounds each. Their mother had died. A vet technician was bottle feeding one. Our hearts melted. 

We asked which we would be taking. The Vtech looked at us weird and said, "Well, the whole litter I would hope." 8 puppies 1 litter. Just then the manager walks in and thanks us for volunteering. He goes on to explain that the shelter currently had a terrible parvo outbreak and their quarantine ward was overflowing. If we only took 4, the rest would likely die. 

So off we went, in a Nissan Altima with a bucket of puppies. 

The next six weeks we raised the puppies until they were old enough to be spayed/neutered. (The vet said that was at 8 weeks, I recognize some find that a little premature). We started with formula and bottles, then soft food (dry food mixed with water) and then dry food. 

Our main issues were containment and clean up. 8 puppies can eat and excrete more than you can imagine.

To contain them, we started with a caged off area inside the house. Mistake. After 3 days, we didn't sleep much as they all woke up every 4-6 hours. It was clear the floor would be ruined due to excrement. I then constructed a cage using 2 plastic kiddie pools stacked on top of each other. This worked until the pups learned to pile bodies on one side permitting 2-3 puppers to climb the pile of fluff and escape. This small cage also quickly filled with waste, despite changing the puddle pads hourly. It was small, so they would then roll in their filth. The plan briefed well, and looked cool, but didn't work out. Phase 3 was the back porch. We hung chicken wire around the posts and put up 3 foot baby gates by the stairs. They were trapped. The area is 6'x10'. Plenty of space. Half of it is covered. Wood floors. We power washed it every day while they got their baths. Success! Cleaning them was the largest problem. I won't go into too much detail unless asked. Just... poo. Everywhere. 

The house was wrecked and smelled for a considerable time. The deck was chewed up. The cat was so stressed she lost hair. 

I still adopted one of the bastards. 

TL;DR Wanted to try out fostering, starting with an easy job. Went from 4 to 8 real quick. 

Shoutout to u/WinterKappa for animating and narrating our story!
https://youtu.be/x8UHqtMNAj4 

The only edit: Thank you for the gold! 
Thank you all for your kind words! I couldn't respond to all of you, but I damn well tried. You guys made my day and made me feel awesome. 
If you feel inclined to adopt, go to your nearest shelters. 
If you want to donate, look toward Armani's Angels in Columbia Missouri. They helped us a ton when Dipstick required emergency surgery. 
/nSo this happened about 6 years ago but probably one of my best TIFU stories .

So I was backpacking around Europe alone and was due to travel home on a very long flight. Given my backpack was quite heavy I got a really sore neck and wanted a massage before I flew home.

I was staying in Paris near the Gare du nord and asked the hotel concierge in French where I could find a massage place . He pointed me to a place down the road and off I went .

Arrived at a Thai massage place , I should note at this point that I have never had a massage from a massage parlour in my entire life , only from my mother who is a trained masseuse. 

So anyhows , I enter the place and say to them in French that I have a sore neck and want a massage . The lady points to the price list and says “I recommend 30 minute massage “ i pay and she asks me to follow her .

So we go down stairs into a basement Area . No alarm bells from me this appears normal , she then takes me into a dark room with a red light and asks me to derobe. Again this all seems perfectly normal to me , I’d never had a massage before and should have probably realised at this point that this was not the type of massage place I wanted .

I got down to my underwear and the lady said no take it all off . I remember thinking “oh they must just put the towel over you “ so I just go along and lay down on the bed on my front . 

The lady doesn’t put a towel on me and puts on some sensual music then proceeds to cover me in oil and begins to rub me. It’s at this point I’m like uhhhhhh ok this is quite interesting , but hey I’m here now . I also didn’t feel like I could get up and leave . It also wasnt much of a massage but rather just a lady rubbing oil all over me , but for some reason that didn’t strike me as strange either .

About 15 minutes in she’s asks me to turn over . I was like”what the f..” and realised this is it, I was getting a nude Thai massage and at this point I was this far in I just had to let it happen. I rolled over and covered my lady parts with my hands , because well other than my bf no one had seen me naked before . She then moved my hands to each side of my body and proceeded to massage my topside - babs and all. I was internally at this point just like ohhh shit this is happening.

It finished after some time and I left, the worst part was my neck was still sore and I was left covered in oil for my very long flight home 

TLdr: I went to get a neck massage and accidentally got a nude Thai massage . I left with my neck still sore and covered in oil/nDisclaimer: I do not condone any illicit and frankly abhorrent behaviour with animals. 

Obligatory didn't happen today, but 8 years ago. 

On to the good stuff. 

It was the turn of my 16th Birthday, and as all bored Irish teens do I took up drinking. As it is in most civilised countries the drinking age is 18, so to settle my urges I had to partake in the all too familiar “field drinking” experience with my buddies. 

In Ireland, it’s not uncommon to find sprawling lush green fields sitting on the edge of farmlands which in turn settle neatly into housing areas. Most of the time it’s an easy walk from any bus station, which lends itself to a conducive underage drinking environment. 

There was a crowd of 6-7 of us, all jolly and gallivanting through flower beds as we slowly succumb to intoxication without a care in the world, blasting summer tunes from our admittedly crappy Bluetooth speakers. I had far, far too much to drink and quickly found myself passed out cradling a 2L bottle of vodka in my arms. 

Next thing I know, I awake to nightfall and looming over me was large burly man silhouetted by his flashlight which shone directly onto my face. 

“You okay, son?” He asked, holding a commanding tone. Once my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I could make out that he confirmed my worst fears. He was wearing a police uniform. *Shit*.

My mind starts running through scenarios at a million miles a minute. *What if my dad finds out? What if I go to jail? I’ll be grounded all summer. My mum is going to kill me.* It was at that moment that I decided that the only reasonable solution was to escape, and a lightbulb went off in my mind. 

I had remembered from a previous discussion with my friend that he lived just down the road and I decided that I needed to get to that house by any means possible or my life was ruined. There was a gate exiting the field onto the road directly behind me. All I had to do was run. Run faster than I had ever run before in my life in a straight line. So I bolt. I dash, dart and beeline directly for the exit -- the only issue is, I’m still drunk AF. I kept running and running, but like the stairs in Mario 64 no matter how much I run it never gets closer. I was so drunk that what I thought was a straight line was actually a perfect circle and the officer stood, aghast as he watched this lanky gawky dork stumble along as fast as he could in circles like he was watching someone pull doughnuts in an empty carpark. 

It wasn’t long before I tired myself out and my legs could no longer prop me up -- I took a tumble down into a ditch and roll into a fence. In my panic, I hop the fence and find myself in another empty field. In the horizon, I could see long a long stretch of bumpy silhouettes which I determined to be hedges. Since ‘Plane A’ failed, I settled on ‘Plan B’ which was to hide under the hedges and wait for my escape.

After a few agonising minutes, I finally make it to my goal and haunched down on all fours and begin to scooch myself butt-first under the hedges. This was a trialling task and the combination of overexertion and intoxication causes me to pass out again. 

At this point, I’m not sure how much time passes, but I once I awake to flashlights in my face. The same officer once again looming over me.

“What the fuck are you doing to that Donkey?!” He shouts out. In my stupor, I take in my bearings. A donkey was cradled against my back, it’s leg draped over my side in a loving embrace. What I thought was a hedge I mistook for an incredibly chill and comforting donkey. I was quickly handcuffed and brought to the police car and began my journey to the station. 

All in all, turned out fine. My dad had to pick me up and nurse me back to health. The next day I had to go to the station where they recounted their statements from the previous night. No charges applied, but let off with a hefty warning. 

TL;DR got drunk and in a case of mistaken identity woke up beside a right arse with flashlights in my face/nA little background context for the story: I'm a medic. Also 22w pregnant. 

So, let me tell y'all the story of how I answered the door, wet, butt naked, in a towel to the police about an hour ago because of my damn hedgehog. Oh, I'm hormonal too, so my mind is a little insane and I'm jumpier than usual. 

I'm just sitting in my bubblebath, warm, content, Himalayan pink bath salt, Lush bath bomb fizzing, sipping my prego concoction of cranberry juice and sprite (minus alcohol, obvs). Hair put up, face mask on, facebooking, playing Candy Crush (is that still a thing?) you get the point. Netflix playing Criminal Minds on the iPad sitting on the toilet. Nibbling some fruit. The baby is sitting so far back in my uterus that I'm already getting terrible back aches, so this soak is pretty routine. Being a medic and lifting all the time, (I usually work the bariatric crew) I am toootally in the zone up in this bath. 

Anyway, I start hearing some crashes. They sound like they're coming from the other side of the house. First one, okay, no big deal, dishes in the rack probably fell over, or the washer was banging on the wall. It does that sometimes. No biggie. 

Second crash, a few minutes later- okay, what the hell is that. I'm over here thinking me or my husband left the door unlocked or something. (Husband is at work right now, also on the ambulance, 40ish miles away... We have old fashioned gates and bars around our house, the only way to get in is if someone leaves it open or you have loud cutters.) I got home this morning from my shift just as my husband was walking out the door to leave for his. I had woken up sore all over and decided to eat and take a bath, I hadn't been out of the house yet. We've never left the doors or gates unlocked though. 

I hear more commotion and noise, I'm immediately convinced it's TOTALLY a person, I'm shaking and high key flipping shit. I hop out of the tub and dial 911, asking for a rapid PD response because I think someone is in my house. My dumbass goes to hide in Nick the Prick's room. (Adjacent to the bathroom I was in.) My mind and adrenaline went from nothing to EVERYTHING in .023 seconds. Straight up fight-or-flight mode. 

I was being as quiet as possible, until I heard another loud crash. From right next to me. Nick was trashing his cage, flinging his bed/wheel/bowls everywhere, echoing in the empty room, down the hallway, (all wood and tile floors, EVERYTHING echoes- we were rearranging furniture and stuff making room for the nursery, that end of the house was virtually empty save his spot/cage in the spare room.) And it hits me. 

Nobody is inside my house. It's my damn hedgehog throwing a temper tantrum. 

Gates were locked and secured, doors and windows were locked and secured, my car was sitting snugly in my driveway. Answered the door to PD half crying, half laughing, soap in my hair and still dripping wet. 

Long story short, PD wasn't even mad, they thought it was hilarious. (Still checked my house and perimeter anyway, to be triple sure.) I'm embarrassed as hell, and someone needs to have a drink for me tonight. They all thought the little bastard was adorable. He is. He knows he's a little shit, too. 

TL;DR: Thought someone was breaking in. Nearly had my hedgehog arrested. Will never live down the embarrassment of my hogtruder. 

[Older pics of my lap cactus I posted for another thread.](https://imgur.com/a/oCBTy)

Edit: To keep this in TIFU fashion (apparently this post was a grey area), I also have to add that I have an $800 ambulance bill (the irony, I know!) because I have a heart condition and the whole anxiety of it gave me chest pain. They wanted to get me checked out, I got hooked up to the monitor, everything was cool, I still refused to go to the hospital but still got saddled with the bill. Hoping it'll be reduced via my company (this was the discounted rate!) and I won't actually have to pay $800 for my hoggle's temper tantrum. My embarrassment should be plenty payment enough.../nAdmittedly this happened a few years ago. I’m also going to keep a few things vague to protect the identity of related parties. 

So the background to this event was that my girlfriend was working in Singapore and I was going out to meet her for four weeks holiday. We hadn’t seen each other in three months as I was working in the UK and had plans to explore the island for a week and then visit a few neighboring countries.

In the run up to this she had told me how she’d tried visiting a sex shop a few weeks prior but was too creeped out by the reactions of the customers and staff to browse in peace so she left without buying anything. Therefore
I decided to be the gentleman and purchase her a present before I left. As I was packing light for adventure travel I had taken off the packaging and wrapped it up in a T-shirt which I had then stuffed in the bottom of my bag. 

I was flying business with a Middle Eastern airline from London on a staff travel ticket kindly arranged by friend of mine who is a pilot for the airline (to make matters worse his dad is also a senior employee). Flying staff business on a friends account is a sensitive issue as you have to dress well (no jeans or trainers, suit jacket recommended etc) and be on your best behavior - ultimately it’s his reputation that gets burned if you’re an asshole.

Rather than just change planes at the Middle Eastern hub, I was going to enter the country for a couple of days and hang out with my friend who was desperate for visitors. Therefore my backpack couldn’t be sent on and had to be collected. As I grabbed it off the conveyor belt I noticed that there were two large cable ties attached, one was blue and the other yellow or green, I don’t remember. I didn’t know what to make of it so I bent them back and down between my back and my bag so they weren’t dangling wildly as I walked and proceeded to exit through customs. 

-I need to add that I really hate going to certain Middle East countries, I’ve been out there a few times before and the thinly veiled totalitarian theocracy just makes me feel on edge. I’m not a big fan of religion in general and the idea of falling afoul of a belief system I regard as made up and a blight to humanity really irks me, especially as you can’t expect fair treatment from their legal systems.

There was a single bored looking guard posted at the exit watching people walk by. I nodded at him as I walked past and he ignored me in return. Just as I was about to  exit, a door I hadn’t noticed flung open and two armed guys run out and start sprinting down the hall. “Someone’s about to get fucked” I thought. Turns out that person was me. 

To my shame they grabbed me in front of loads of passengers and marched me into what I guess was some sort of search/interrogation room. They started emptying my bag with ruthless efficiency and then the dildo landed in the middle of the table. The situation was so bad, standing their in silence with 2 or 3 angry Arab customs officials glaring at me.

“WHAT. IS. THIS?” the main official demanded angrily, picking it up by the edges of the battery compartment, holding it like one would tentatively pick up a soiled item of clothing found on their lawn . “YOU DO NOT BRING THIS INTO OUR COUNTRY”.

I can’t recall precisely what was said next but basically I was accused of being a homosexual degenerate (their words not mine), bringing indecency to their fair land and they wanted to know who I was meeting and staying with (the son of one of their national airlines most senior employees...this was sooooo bad, my worst nightmare was coming true and I was going to land my innocent friend and his family in shit and possibly cost them their careers). They told me of the consequences of such actions in their local law (jail!?) and then my mind started to disassociate and sort of float inwards and away from the situation and I don’t remember too clearly what was said after that.

Then they left the room, came back after a few minutes gave me a summary bollocking and then to my huge relief said I could go. I didn’t hang about.

I felt obliged to warn my friend but he laughed it off and said things would be fine. I’ve been back a few times without major incident but was almost refused onward boarding on my next visit as chinos and a Barbour jacket was deemed “not smart enough”. Still, totally worth it for that cheap staff travel fare. 

P.S. my bad luck didn’t end there. On my second day in Singapore my girlfriends crazy old Singaporean step grandma “Auntie” searched my bags when we were out getting lunch, discovered my malaria pills and thought they were drugs and threatened to call the police unless I left the flat (did someone say death penalty?). Also our bus skidded off the road and almost went off a cliff at 2am in the middle of nowhere during a 12 hour ride through a cyclone in the Philippines. Also we tried to do some cave tour in Palawan with a forged permit (the office in Puerto Princessa was closed for an entire week due to holidays) which backfired horrifically and the tour guide ran off into the jungle when the officials at the entrance of the cave threatened to call the police on him. Never saw him again. I also got fired a month after I got back to work, but that’s because my ex-boss is a terrible human being. This is also not the worst thing that’s happened to me, I once accidentally summoned a drug lord to our accommodation on a school trip to Kenya but that’s a tale for another day.

TLDR; I was transporting dildo from London to Singapore but accidentally took it through the customs of a Middle Eastern country and was detained roughly and publicly, threatened and accused of spreading homosexuality in their country, but fortunately was eventually released without further incident.

Also apologies for any poor spelling and grammar, my parents moved around a bit when I was younger and having to change national curriculums twice meant I missed out on some key schooling and consequently never had the confidence to write and post things online but I felt like getting over that today. 

Edit 1: wow this is really blowing up. Thank you for all the kind comments and questions, I’ll try and respond to some more in the morning but I really need to get some sleep in my van whilst I can. Currently playing a game of cat and mouse with the rangers of Darwin, Australia. Stakes are $150 and I don’t want to lose!

Edit 2: Can’t sleep, mind is too active now. Firstly, if you guys can all hold on til tomorrow night I’ll write up my Kenyan story. As a bonus I’ll try and write up a third bout of misfortune (on the weekend when it’s allowed) concerning the time I almost died of dysentery to at 16,000 ft in India and then got forced into a 12 hr binge by the people supposedly driving me to safety. Also I’m well aware of the blasphemy laws of the country I visited, what I didn’t know was that my bag was not going all the way to Singapore. 

Edit 3: Just been gilded on my first ever post, wow! Tip of the Akubra to which ever dead set legend gave me that. /nThis happened over the summer. A little backstory: i smoked with a few friends before i rode my bike home. On the way home, it happened. 

The way that the bug entered my throat was really stupid. I was riding my bike down a hill with my mouth opened because i was breathing, and the little fucker just zipped straight in. I didn’t realize what happened to me so i just kept going down the hill. That was when i felt it. Those tiny legs. 

That little fucker latched onto the back of my throat while i was riding full speed down the hill. I freaked the fuck out and stopped the biking and tried to puke that little fucker out. It did NOT work. What did happen was he just latched on even tighter. I felt all of its legs dig deep into my throat wall. Sadly, the nightmare was only beginning. 

The bug felt comfortable after a minute and began crawling around. Have you ever had the feeling of something crawling up your leg, or crawling up your arm or just anywhere on your body? Imagine the same feeling except it’s inside your fucking throat. I felt every single movement that that little fucked did. He started crawling up and down my throat, exploring what will be his new home and i think he was trying to find a way out or something.

Once i got home, eyes bloodshot red because of the weed and because i was partially crying from the trauma that i was experiencing. I told my mom what happened and then went straight to the bathroom to try to puke it out. I was shoving my finger down my throat to try and make myself puke but that did not work. For some reason, i just could not puke for the life of me. I then felt the little fucker climb up into my [nasal cavity](https://imgur.com/gallery/s3FnmY6). I felt the bug moving around mY FUCKING FACE. 

Words cannot describe what it felt like but i can try my best to. I felt the bug crawl around underneath my eyes, pass right through the back of my nose and to the right side of my face. He then spent a few minutes chilling in there. I thought about blowing the fuck out of my nose but i got scared that he might latch onto my fucking nasal cavity so i just let him chill in there. 

Once he got out of my nasal cavity, i made sure that he was not going to do that ever again because that was by far the worst experience i have ever felt in my life. I was a little thirsty, and wanted to see if i could drink him down into my stomach. Maybe that could solve the problem!! I chugged a whole bottle to see if it would get that fucker down into me stomach. I felt him go down my esophagus! Yes!! I finally got rid of him!! He pulled a [Billy Mays](https://youtu.be/aM8YOBvq-jc) (RIP) on me and and crawled his way back up. 

That was the first time i felt the fucker crawl up through the [upper esophageal sphincter](https://imgur.com/gallery/9gVLzOq). I felt every single one of his legs touch the whole entire circumference of the wall. After he was through, he was in that weird spot that you can swallow to move the food through the same place again. I did it. He crawled back up. I didn’t want him to crawl back up into my nasal cavity and at the same time I didn’t want him crawling back up through the sphincter either. I let him roam around but did not let him go into my nasal cavity (i drank some water slowly to make him go down). 

I had enough of this and told my mom i wanted to go to the doctors. We went there and they basically told be good luck. I tried to get one of them to stick a camera down my throat to at least know what the fuck was down my throat but they declined. Fuckin fantastic. We got a doctors bill AND a bug still stuck in my throat. We went home and dinner was ready. Time to try and eat the fucker with my food. 

One of the doctors told me that i should try and eat something spicy to see if that would help, so i got me a shit ton of Tabasco Sauce and slathered it all over my cuisine and gobbled all of it down as fast as i possibly could. It worked!! He went down half way through eating, but i didn’t stop because i feared that he could be pulling a mufasa on me and be hanging on for dear life. Once i cleared the plate i was relieved. No more bug!! Or so i thought. I lost hope when i felt those legs crawl back up and through the sphincter again. Fuck me he is never going to leave. I was pretty tired and at the same time I didn’t want to sleep and have him just crawling about wherever he wanted. 

I tried to get my mind off of what was happening by watching some YouTube and the little fucker stopped moving. I almost forgot he was there, but still could feel where he was. I got tired and passed out cold after a few minutes. Let me just remind you that i was high as a fucking kite when all of this happened.

When i woke up i felt all of the other things that happened before again. The same routine, slathered hot sauce into food, ate it as fast as i could but he kept coming back up. I noticed that every time i did this, he would come back up a little slower every time. He was getting weaker. Luckly for me, i did not feel the bug go into my nasal cavity that day. 

I went on with my day feeling a lot more comfortable with the fucker inside me. I tried going to a different clinic to see if they could find out what type of bug it was but they did not have the machine to see. I just gave up on identifying the bug. 

Later that night while i chowed down on my spicy dinner, i felt him go down. After i finished, i waited for him to re-emerge. Nothing. I waited another minute, nothing. I did it!!! I won! I ate the little fucker after two days of being inside me.

Even though he was inside my stomach, i still could feel him around my throat. I knew for a fact that it was all an illusion that my mind was doing to me but it felt real. It felt literally like the fucker was still in there crawling. I began doubting myself on wether i ate him or not. I’m not sure if this post bug experience is considered a PTSD event, but it did truly feel like the real deal. I went to sleep and woke up feeling better then ever. No more bug. No more pain. It was done. I defeated the bug inside me and the ghost bug as well. 

I do sometimes randomly feel something like the bug inside my throat every once in a while but i always ignore it because i know its my mind playing tricks on me. 

Moral of the story: dont ride your bike with your mouth opened. 


TLDR: bug got stuck inside my throat, crawled around my nasal cavity, throat wall, esophagus until i was able to eat something and push him down, but still felt him after he was gone. 

Edit: [proof](https://imgur.com/gallery/dVvIoD2)

Edit 2: i did not think i would be getting so much attention from this post. Thank you kind people who popped me gold, silver and plat cherries :)

E: to everyone saying that the lil dude layed eggs, all i gotta say is thank you for making the world a better place by putting that thought into my head. 

/nSo this happened just now. Like I’m still in a towel from the shower.

My girlfriend and I are avid Pokémon goers. We have bet $100 on who can catch all the pokemon in every new generation first (she has won both 1 and 2). Due to the Christmas season she has been working 7+ shifts a week at her job as a server at a popular brewpub as many of her colleagues are out of town. She has not been able to catch many of the new Pokémon, and I am very much ahead of her in this bet, by a LOT. 

So tonight she gets off work around 11pm and she says she wants to go pokemoning. Ok, I’ve already been today for about 2.5 hours, but I’m game. We live smack dab in the middle of downtown and players have been setting off lures all day. There’s a “loop” of about 5 square blocks encompassing our house, our liquor store and maybe 25 pokestops all going off with a lure. 

So we head out. Immediately I have to poop. “fuck it” I’ll just hold it, what’s the worst that could happen? First trip passing by our liquor store we both buy two airplane bottles of cinnamon whiskey, as it’s like 30 degrees F out. To keep warm, you know? Second time around about 30 minutes later we each buy another because why not? The first two loosened us up and we’re having fun. We’re joking and laughing and really having a fun time just the two of us on Xmas Eve. 

UH OH! The feeling that I have to poop intensifies. Alcohol and walking has exacerbated it. We’re on the last loop of the night and my GF is like “dude one more loop and we’re home”. I agree that sounds fair, we buy two more shots of cinnamon whiskey at our liquor store and head home. The problem is for reasons only fate can explain we keep coming up on rare pokemon (or at least pokemon my GF doesn’t have). Every time I’m like “that’s great! I really got to go!!” and we just keep on playing. It gets unbearable.  I’m like “fuck it. you stay here I’m running home.”

Ok be honest: all of y’all have had that moment where you have to poop but you have a ways to go. You can run but it makes your poop more urgent. You can walk but it takes longer. What to do? Well I did a walk/run. I squeezed my buttocks together for all they were worth and I hustled home to the toilet. I stood there holding my waistband knowing that the act of squatting would unleash my angry bowels. Standing at attention was the only thing holding my poop in.

In one deft move I pulled my pants down and squatted over the toilet and projectile shit everywhere. Only I didn’t make it. Not a single drop of shit went into the toilet. 35% was on my clothes. Mostly my Hanes underwear, a bit on my long johns (like I said cold!), a large portion on my jeans, leather belt, and a drop or two on my T-shirt. 65% was on the toilet. The  toilet seat, the lid, the tank, the little space between the tank and the lid. Semi-liquid shit. Think Texas chili.

I’m freaking out. “OMG I not only shit my pants, I shit the entire room”
My GF knocks on the bathroom door. She just got home and she needs to use the toilet. Jesus. I’d been home only 30 seconds. That’s the time I saved by running? She walked and got home only 30 seconds behind me. This whole thing could have been avoided if I had just been patient. Whatever. “GO AWAY” I yell. Like I’m gonna let her know what’s going on. Yeah right. I’ll die before I tell her anything.

At this point I need to elaborate on out living situation. My GF and I live in a two-bedroom apartment we share with another woman. This woman is cool but works 6am in the morning. Me and GF are night owls, we stay up till 3am sometimes later. Her bedroom is against the wall of the bathroom. I’m already convinced she has woken and can already hear me frantically peeling off my clothes and starting the shower. I really don’t want to have to explain why I’m waking her up at 2 in the morning with multiple toilet flushes so I purposefully neglect to flush the toilet containing a literal shit-ton of shit covered toilet paper for fear of waking her. I think to myself “I’ll give it one good flush at the end to look casual”. Plus I don’t want my GF to get suspicious. The toilet paper builds into a mound. I chance a flush. The toilet clogs. “FUCK” Ok at this point I have no choice but to ask my GF for help because I am complete mess. I have gotten shit everywhere, all over my hands and the sink, I have shit running down both legs. I get shit on the doorknob just opening the door. Ew.

I go out to the living room naked. I say “Um.. I need help”. She says “Yeah I can see shit running down both your legs”. Yes it was gross. “Please help me” she stifles a laugh. No she full on laughs, “Haha you shit yourself haha”. She’s a good GF, in that despite her amusement she is supportive. She says, with my shit covered clothes on the bathroom floor, “Ok I’ll help you, but I have to go first.” The toilet is inoperable. She has no other choice but to proceed to pull down her pants and panties and pee into the bathtub that is currently running full blast with shower water. 

She goes quiet. She gets wide eyed. She looks up. A look of pure shock is on her face. “FUUUUUCK! I really didn’t mean to” I say “really didn’t mean to what?” she gives me that sheepish apologetic grin. I look in the bathtub. There is a massive gigantic shit in the bathtub. She screams, “I didn’t mean to, I couldn’t hold it” WTF? Are kidding me? I know that scream woke our roommate up. 

I say “thanks for making me feel a LOT better about myself” she says “FUCK YOU! It was an accident!” and runs out of the bathroom. So now I have shit all over me, Shit all over my clothes on the floor, Shit all over the toilet, shit semi-over the floor, and a huge turd in the bathtub. I have now to clean up all with a clogged toilet and no plunger. Also I am pretty sure my roommate has awoken and knows exactly what’s going on. If the noise didn’t wake her I’m sure the smell will. Ugh I want to kill myself. 

Well I jump in the shower (with a cold tallboy-this is not the time to be sobering up. I have shit cleaning to attend to, and I do not want to remember it. Plus, shower beer) and first order of business, squishing that big-ass turd down the drain with my toe. Fuck if I’m gonna pick it up. No thank you. Then I soap, rinse, and towel, and I put all my clothes in a trash bag, then another trash bag, then another, because you can’t be too careful. Best to have multiple layers. Then I delicately clean the rest of the toilet and the floor and every other thing that might have shit on it. I use steaming hot water and Comet to rinse the toilet from top to bottom and the sink and the tub, and the floor. I pray to god my roommate didn’t hear a thing. 
The toilets still clogged, but I put up a sign so hopefully she won’t venture in and see a toilet filled with TP that was clearly used for wiping shit off the floor and not for wiping shit off an asshole. Yes, there is a difference. Go try both and tell me there’s not. 

Anyway this will always be remembered at the Shitmas 2017.
Happy Shitmas everbody.

TL/DR: Projectile shit all over myself, my clothes, and my bathroom. Asked my girlfriend for help, and she promptly took a shit in the bathtub and left, leaving me with a bunch of shit to clean up on Christmas Eve. Merry Shitmas

Edit: thanks for the gold, and all the comments, you all are great

Edit 2: Shitmas continues! The dog has had diarrhea for the past two days, leaving trails of liquid shit and secret caches in hidden corners all around the house and I've accidentally stepped in it barefoot twice now. The smell is quite something. Taking her to the vet tomorrow. Probably shouldn't have shared the christmas roast with her./nThis happened about 6 years ago and I feel like everyone should know
Anyways, I started dating this girl when I was 13. It was the typical lovey dovey early teenage relationship and it actually lasted quite awhile. Around 8 months we decided to start having sex. In order to do this, I had to wait till 1AM, take my parents car keys from their room, bust out of the guest room window, roll the car out in neutral down the driveway, and then make a 40 minute trip to her house. Then I'd do the sex, and be back home just in time to beat my parent's alarms. Clarification, this was the only way we could find to do it since both of our parents were hardcore Christians and were never allowed to hang out alone.
Anyways, on sneak out attempt number 12 I remember thinking to myself, "Wow this is getting easy". Fuck up #1. I get to my girlfriends house, have more of the sex, and then leave. Get in my car and the ride starts getting bumpy. I pull over and see that I have a flat tire. Tried changing the tire, but my tender young body couldn't loosen the lug nuts . I make the executive decision to just try to ride it out. I lived 20 miles away. Fuck up #2. I get on the highway and turn on the emergency lights and slowly make my way home. Halfway through the ride I see sparks flying by my right tire. I look over and see that there is no rubber on the tire and I'm riding on bare rim. I take the nearest exit and as soon as I do, my car dies out. Apparently cables run from the steering wheel to the engine over the right tire and the shards of rubber from my tire ripped through and cut the cables clean. Couldn't turn on the car and all power was gone. Great. Check my watch, it was 3AM. Even better, my phone was dead (left it on Pandora all night). So I make my way down the road and try to walk to a gas station. I look to my right and see a church and the lights were on and someones inside. I think, "Jesus can definitely save me in this situation." WRONG. Cleaners think Im a junkie trying to loot the place. Oh well. Keep walking down and Im trying to wave down some cars to give me a ride. Finally see a car and I wave it down. It just happened to be a police officer. Fuck up #3 He turns around and then questions why a scrawny 15 year old is walking on backroads at 3 in the morning looking like a grease monkey. I tell him the story, and he agrees to help. He asks for my license and realizes that I barely have a learners permit. He feels so bad for me at this point that he overlooks it. I get into the back of his patrol car and start freaking out because Im thinking Im going to jail. He helps me change the tire, and then lets me borrow his phone to call my parents. At this point I'm in bawling trying to explain to my dad what I did and where I was. Pretty sure the officer is laughing the entire time. I then wait 2 hours for my parents to arrive (they weren't going to miss out of their sleep) so I just sat there thinking about the impending doom. To add insult to injury, I locked my self out of my car so I sat on the side of the street waiting. After my parents picked me up, I didn't see the light of day for 4 months. Im close to turning 21 and I think Im still technically grounded. My parents have gotten over it, but Im still exclusively known as the "Car Thief" in my family.
TL;DR Drove 40 minutes for sex when I was 15 and then caused thousands of dollars in damage to 
my parents car and pride

EDIT: For those of you who think it's made up, I can understand. To be fair my timeline is off, but I relatively accurate. I tried my best to guesstimate the times. If you don't believe it oh well!/nThis just happened 15 mins ago. 

Some back ground I am from Texas and was visiting New Jersey.

So I pulled up to a gas station and started to grab the pump. Some guy comes out of no where and puts his hand on mine and says get back in the car. I freaked out and yelled "get the fuck off me". Had no idea where he came from so it rattled me. He said don't touch the gas pump I will do it for you. Now I thought this was some con job and while this guy pumps my gas another guy comes up behind me and robs me or something (yes I have been robbed before at a gas station). So I get really pissed and shove the guy and tell him “I’m not fucking around get away from me”. He told me customers can't pump their own gas. Then it hit me I forgot most gas stations in New Jersey they pump your gas for you. I felt bad. Said I’m sorry and I got back in the car. When he gave me back my card I gave him a tip. He looked at me like "wtf is this" and just walked away. Wasn't sure if I was supposed to tip him or not but I felt bad for telling him to fuck off. 

TLDR: thought i was getting robbed at a gas station and just got in the way of some guy doing his job. /nToday I fucked up, big time. I have been trading currencies for around 3 months and was getting good results (maybe beginners luck who knows). I decided to go the next step and borrowed $10,000 from the bank so I could put on bigger trades and hopefully get bigger profits.

After a week I made $4,000 in one day (in a few hours) in a great trade. After that I thought I was invincible and kept getting bolder and bolder with my trades. Needless to say today I lost it all, including the $10,000 which I borrowed from the bank. In one day. Gone.

I'm 28, casually employed and have no real assets. I feel like my gut has been wrenched from inside out and I also had to break the news to my girlfriend whose birthday is just around the corner. 

Pretty huge fuck up, one of the biggest in my entire life. 


**Edit:** Surprised at all the feedback I've gotten in such a short amount of time. All the troll comments are making me laugh, at least that is something positive out of all of this. Important thing is to remember no matter how smart or safe you think you are we are all humans and make mistakes or stuff doesn't go our way. It's the way you deal with it after that counts. Cheers for all the comments./nThis happened last night. My very (8 months) pregnant wife and I have been staying at my grandparents house in a Beach town for the summer while working a pair of summer jobs while our house is being renovated. (I work in a school district and she is finishing up a degree.) If you have ever been to most beach towns the houses usually come equiped with an outdoor shower. Most are enclosed for privacy like ours is so many residents take normally showers in there as well. It's also quite spacious so two people fit into it quite easily. My wife being rather full of child as it were has had a struggle washing. So me being the wonderfully diligent husband suggested I join her so I can help her with it. No other reason than that, none what so ever. 

Anyway yesterday after a long hot day at work I tell my wife I'm going to take a shower before work into which she replies that she will be joining me. Who am I to complain about that. Shower goes as planned, nothing crazy just a simple scubadub then a nice relaxing evening. I had plans to play some vidya with my boys, was looking forward to it.

 This is where I fuck up. Normally I let her tie a towel on and let her leave first. But today I wanted to hurry so that I could get set up with the boys. I grabbed my towel, tied it up, walked out and flipped the latch that locks the shower from the outside. Just like I normally do when I shower alone. I walk inside, though the kitchen that my grandparents are making a bit of dinner and up to our room to get myself set up.

After about 5 minutes I start to think my wife is taking a long time talking to my grandparents in just a towel. As I am thinking that the door bursts open with a very angry my wife screaming "You think that was fucking funny?!" I  sputter with a "What was funny?" "Locking me in a fucking shower you fucking walnut!" I deadpan realize what I did. Turns out she was banging on the wall that is connected to the kitchen from basically the moment I walked into the house. Luckly my grandparents heard her and let her out quickly. The relative short time of her containment did not make the level of her anger any smaller though. Luckly for me pregnant my wife can be bribed with icecream and backrubs so I didn't have to sleep on the couch.

TLDR: Locked pregnant wife in outdoor shower because dumb, called a walnut and had to go get icecream and give back rubs to be allowed to sleep in bed./nHere we go, friends. This FU did in fact happen today. I am currently curled up on my bathroom floor, spooning my toilet as if it were my highschool sweetheart about to leave for war, because of a moment of idiocy that occurred about 5 hours ago.

For some necessary backstory, I am a recent college graduate with a degree in nursing. I had a little too much fun in college, so it took me 5 and a half years to graduate. Being that it took me almost 2 years longer than it should have to obtain my degree, I am currently drowning in student debt. Also, I recently discovered that due to a clerical error, the dental insurance I thought I had under my parent's health insurance was cancelled last year. So when my dentist told me a few months back that my wisdom teeth were growing in at delightfully awkward angles and would need to be removed, I scoffed a pathetic little scoff and decided to hold off until next year, when I could get dental insurance through my work. 

Flash forward to 3 days ago. My right wisdom tooth begins to hurt. Like, REALLY hurt. Like, the worst hurt that I've ever felt in my 25 years of life. My mouth begins to swell. It swells so much that I begin to have trouble opening my jaw. My jaw becomes so tight that I can barely fit a spoon in to my mouth. I am resolved to essentially sipping soup and broth all day, at which point I call my dentist. She says that it sounds like an infection that resulted in lock jaw. I cave in and schedule a wisdom tooth extraction, and am prescribed 10 days worth of antibiotics, as well as some medication for the pain.

As any freshman nursing student can confirm, a common side effect of both antibiotics and pain relievers is nausea/vomiting. To avoid this, it's recommended that you take these medicines with food. I am so desperate for relief when I go to get my medicines that I completely overlook this information that I had engraved into my eager student brain 5 years before. Y'all see where this is going? 

I pick up my medicines and enthusiastically take them all at once, on an essentially empty stomach. What resulted was a violent vomiting episode that hasn't been seen since the Jello Shot Nightmare of Freshman Year. I hope you never EVER have to experience the pain of vomiting while simultaneously having lock jaw. It was indescribable. The icing on the cake, though, was having to call my super-nurse manager and explain that I would not make it in to work today as I was experiencing a completely avoidable side effect of my medicines, and am thus probably unfit to be a nurse.

TL;DR forgot how to be a nurse when I got lock jaw from a wisdom tooth infection, may never leave my bathroom floor again. SOS.

Edit: I just want to thank you all for the overwhelmingly kind/supportive comments, and for all of the advice on how to alleviate the pain. You all have really brightened up an incredibly lousy day. I'd smile larger but, you know, the lock jaw and all... ;)/nNot sure where to even post this, but I decided to share here, since I fucked up, although it isn’t nearly all that bad. I inadvertently made someone’s day with Gold, yet I really want to know the content of the post I gifted. I quickly backed out after I realized my fuck up. I don’t know if the anonymity button was checked... but I’m dumb. 

It was a complete fuck up on my end... I put my phone down on my leg while browsing Reddit. Picked it up with my thumb on the home key... Apple Pay verified... and a “Eureka! You’ve purchased 500 coins!”. Thank God it was just $1.99, that part really doesn’t bother me. It’s the not knowing that will make me wonder for days to come. Was it just a dumb “lol” post? Was it something meaningful? Was it some troll’s post who had a massive amount of downvotes? I guess I will never know... 

Maybe they saw my username? But if not... I didn’t see theirs nor what they posted, so it is truly an anonymous gift. 

TL;DR I made someone’s day gifting them Gold by accident, because I am a dumb ass. But the wondering of what comment it went to will haunt me forever. 

Update: The redditor to whom the Gold went to messaged me, so I was provided with a link to the comment. Here you are, for anyone who is curious to know: https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/amk908/comment/efmvy75?st=JRPU3SQ3&sh=7705eb83
I remember scrolling that post now. I tried to access my gilded page, and was given a *page not found* error. Anyway, all is right in the world again. /nDISCLAIMER: **This is a friend's story** and she isn't a redditor but I begged her to let me post it from the perspective that she told the story in. Also I apologize, I'm not a writer.

I am currently a second grade teacher at a public school. I have a wonderful class and I like to reward them when they have a good week by having volunteer parents bring in snacks (I.E. cookies, candy, granola etc.) provided the parent keeps them hypoallergenic. This week our volunteer parent, who we will refer to as Autumn Lily Speaker (not far from her actual name) told me on Wednesday that she will be preparing cookies for the class and is 'excited for this opportunity'. Thinking nothing of it, I thanked her and marked it off my weekly to-do list.

So Friday rolls around and the kids are excited. Autumn Lily Speaker comes into the classroom with a pan full of treats and brings them to me and says with a smile "I decided you can use these to teach the kids about the woman's vagina today". Baffled and completely caught off guard I slowly peel the aluminum foil off the pan to behold a plethora of sugar cookie and frosting vaginas. Not just any old vagina, but ALL KINDS OF VAGINAS. There were small, puffy, white, brown, shaved, bald, and even a fire crotch with beef curtains. perplexed I give the parent the most professional look I can muster and quietly reply "I'm sorry Autumn, but I can't give these to my students. This just isn't appropriate."

**cue angry radical feminist**

Autumn bursts with the fury of a thousand angry Andrea Dworkin's and starts yelling in front of the class about how 'I should be proud of my vagina' and 'I am settling for a women's role in life'. Utterly bemused and frozen from shock all I can do is stand and stare at the woman as the word 'vagina' is yelled in front of my second grade class about 987,000 times. Finally after what seemed like an eternity, she storms out of the class leaving her vagina cookies on my desk. I scramble to collect my thoughts and take control of the situation before my second graders develop vaginal PTSD. My only thought is to scrape off the vagina frosting and hand out the plain sugar cookies to my students. 

The rest of my day went quite well and ended without a incident. I sent my kiddos home and started wrapping up work and getting ready to leave when the phone rings and a bewildered parent wants to know why their son learned the word 'vagina' in class today I answer the best I can explaining the situation in the most professional manner possible. I get about 3 more phone calls and 4 emails until I get it, the mother of all emails... Autumn's. 

Autumn's email (screenshots)
http://imgur.com/a/Kb7Zx

tl;dr - *Radical crazy women who thinks she is a feminist* parent brings in vagina cookies, parents are mad, domestic violence wished upon me

[Narrated](https://m.youtube.com/watch?index=50&list=PLl0DkyQa9Aqu_aWjvjzvySIZC8PHUPPO6&v=opYNxXxHgwE) courtesy of /u/Cyae1

**Edit: For clarity, this was a friend, and she took it up with the school's administration who is taking appropriate action**

**Edit2: This is not meant to be an attack on feministic idealism, it just has to do with a single radical feminist who lost her cool. Feminism is about gender equality and shouldn't be grouped with off the wall people like this.**

**Edit3: No longer referring to Autumn as a feminist because she isn't. She's just bat shit crazy**

**Edit4: TIFU by not knowing how to turn off my push notifications for my mobile app.**

**UPDATE!: I got a hold of my friend and asked her a couple questions about the incident so here are the main points.**

* The kid was removed from class by the parent and moved to a private school
* The parent is no longer allowed on district property
* School administration refused to answer whether or not they were taking action
* No pictures were taken of the cookies
* No action was taken against my friend, administration deemed she handled it professionally
* The cookies were actually pretty good/nForeword - This happened over a month ago. The night it happened I knew I would submit the story to this subreddit, but due to the embarrassing nature of the content I opted to wait an unspecified period of time before posting. 
 
I am a single man living in a city in the US. I was raised incredibly religious and recently, already far into adulthood, I have begun to experiment with the mischievous pleasures I have up to this point avoided. My life is currently an oddly connected string of misadventures. Not the least of which happened on the night I fucked up. 
 
One such taboo I have explored is sex with married women. For those unaware, there is a robust online community comprised of couples in open relationships looking to explore sex outside of their partnership. I have dipped my toe into these waters many times with generally positive results. But after the events of this night, I fear I may never again. 
 
I had been talking to Jane (fake name) via text messages for a few weeks until all parties felt comfortable engaging. We decided to meet at a restaurant attached to my apartment building. Dinner was nice and we connected immediately. She’s a beautiful woman a few years older than me. She married young, has at least one child and an understanding husband. The only real mistake at dinner was opting for a second, free bottle of wine that came as part of a previously unknown 2 for 1 deal. We opened it thinking we would have a sip or two, but finished it far too quickly. 
 
After dinner we changed into swimwear and went up to a large ornate hot tub on the roof of my apartment complex. The wine kicked in and we were feeling its romance. There was chemistry. We kissed. Soon we were ready to be alone. 
 
In my apartment we turned the music on and the lights off. She removed her wet swimsuit in a strip-tease performance. All clothes came easily off and we started to have sex on my couch. 
 
ENTER THE FIRST PHYSICAL ODDITY – Jane is a squirter, meaning upon sexual stimulation up to and including orgasm, Jane lets forth warm gushed bursts of liquid from her vagina. I’ve been with squirters before, but the shear volume and frequency of Jane’s squirting was truly remarkable. After a few strong pulses that showed no signs of letting up, I suggested we move to the floor. At that point she assumed the top position and we continued. Moments later the floor was covered in female ejaculate. 
 
ENTER THE SECOND PHYSICAL ODDITY – After an especially intense orgasm Jane’s body became erect and her face showed a state of shock. She ran to the bathroom. It was then I realized the smell. It was a terrible and familiar smell. My wine-drunk brain frantically scattered through its olfactory libraries to determine the culprit, afraid to look down where Jane had straddled. But in the end I couldn’t will away reality, and when all evidence was too strong to refute I began to accept that I’d been shit on. 
 
Said mess was spinning afloat a small sea of gushed love left spreading inch-wise across my apartment floor. 
 
I started to clean the mess with a half dozen towels (that have since been burned). Jane called out from the shower, demanding I join her. At this point in my mind our little rendezvous had ended and this was the solemn hygienic dénouement. But this only lasted a moment. 
 
Her hands washing me and her face and the steam and the wine all played partner, and as shameful as it may seem, we continued our sexual experiment starting again in the shower but shortly later moving to my bed. 
 
Though I had apparently forgiven the earlier mishap, I had not forgotten. I laid down a series of towels in strategic locations and positioned our bodies to have sex on the bed’s edge so that the physics of our planet coupled with the angle of her asshole would form a natural path towards one of many towel traps. The sex continued. I could feel another strong orgasm build inside of Jane and peak. She paused, motionless. The suspense was palpable. Had it happened again? Up until this moment all admission of fault had be implicit. Until, that is, in a moment of introspection she conceded: 
 
‘I keep excreting.’ 
 
I was a bundle of emotions. On one hand, I had been shit on a second time. On the other hand, my shit-trapping towel mathematics had succeeded! In many ways I felt like the sexually deviant De Vinci of this wayward shit-fearing generation. 
 
The pride of accomplishment carried me a second time into the shower. This time we both had a silent understanding that there would be no third shitting. 
 
We finished our shower. I walked her out. I bleached the apartment and I have never spoken of the incident. Until today....
 
TLDR; During sex, a married woman squirted and then shit on me. We showered and continued and I was shit on again. 

EDIT: Thanks for all of the interest/funny comments/and Reddit gold! 

A few questions and comments I've gotten multiple times in the comments section or in PMs 

COMMENT - 'She did it on purpose!'

Reply - That's quite possible. I guess I'd put this at a 5% chance for the following reasons: 
1. There are tons of guys that would be into this. Of course, one could devilishly advocate 'But yeah, the surprise would be part of the fetish' to which I'd have no strong reply. 
2. She seemed genuinely embarrassed. 
3. When she started squirting (or urinating) she told me she was a squirter. She didn't have the same reaction with the other. 


COMMENT - 'Maybe she had a physical issue, she opened up to you, maybe don't make her feel bad about it' 

REPLY - You're absolutely right. I tried to make her feel as at ease as possible about the oddity of the situation. If she or her husband are reading this, I believe I've made the details vague enough to never affect you. And thanks for the story and (mostly) fun night! 

QUESTION - What are these online communities of which you speak?!?

ANSWER - First of all, by community I don't mean a single site that serves this purpose alone. In fact, I've lived in a few states in the past few years and it seems like each area has its own site(s)/ groups that everyone uses. In one state there was literally a private yahoo group dedicated to this. I was invited based on an OKCupid interaction. Long story short, once you find a way into the community (regular dating sites, google 'swinger events in city, polyamory in city, etc) then the path will become clear. This interaction started on OKCupid. 

QUESTION - How could you sleep with married woman?!?

ANSWER - I see no issue with it when it involves consent from all parties involved with set boundaries. 

I actually received a number of fairly scathing super-religious sermons on marriage. Thanks for the thought, but I feel more peaceful and at ease with myself now than I ever did when I was religious. 

I'll try to respond to each message sometime this week. I didn't plan for so much action on this post, but it's certainly a pleasant surprise! Thanks again! 




/nActually, I was the interviewer.  Although the main interview and hiring is done by someone else, they are sent to me for 10-15 minutes at the end since I'm the person they will directly be interfacing with.  I always get a print out of their resume beforehand which I glance at during the interview..  

Well today I had an interview and it went fine.  At the end we got up and I told the woman that it was nice to meet her and we'd let her know.  But, since the resume has absolutely no future use to me, I was absentmindedly ripping it up and throwing it in the trash in front of her as I said this.  The look of horror on her face was tangible.  It was only about 15 seconds after she walked out the door that I realized what I had done and how soul-crushing it must have felt!

So to poor interview woman I say now:  "Sorry!  You were actually a decent candidate!" 

EDIT:  Update:  https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3f21g0/tifu_on_a_job_interview_that_went_well_until_the/

/nSo, this actually happened today, I know, never happened before on this sub. But anyway, were gonna need some context. So, I live in a pretty nice apartment building with a roommate, lets call him Tim. I met my girlfriend because a few years ago she moved into the apartment next door. Lets call her Hannah.

Anyway. I'm on the couch in the living room this morning when I'm eating a tub of ice cream. No shame really, just going to town on it. I dont ever tell Hannah when I have ice cream, because the moment she finds out its in my freezer, I have about t minus four seconds until it's gone. Tim and I have this kind of running joke about the fact that we don't tell our girlfriends about the ice cream we have because we don't want them getting fatter. Now, mind you, neither of them are fat at all, we just dont want to share the ice cream.

So I have about a quarter of the container left, when Tim yells "Hey OP, dont you think Hannah would appreciate it if you shared some of your ice cream with her" so naturally my response was "if I give Hannah one more bite of ice cream she's going to be a clone of Rosey O'Donnell, so I'm gonna finnish this for her sake". 

See, here's where I fucked up. Hannah was in her bathroom when I said this. And her bathroom shares a wall with my living room. So she heard every word of that. Now, I didnt know she was in there. But I assume she must've already been in there an hour because it took about twenty seconds for her to knock on my door, and we all know women can't pass throw the door of a bathroom twice in the same hour.

So anyways. Hannah knocks on my door. Immediately I knew she had heard that. The look on her face was not anger, it was just blank. So what did I do? I offered her the ice cream, you know, because I'm a dumb ass. So she takes the ice cream, and as if she briefly became possessed by Michael Jordan, launches it across my living room, and nets it right into the trash can. 

At this moment I thought one of two things was about to happen. Either my girlfriend was about to use the remaining magic spells she had left to slay me down like Voldemort cutting down harrys parents. Or I was about to do a really poor job explaining what I just said. Sadly, despite the incredible shot, Hannah was not really a wizard and I had explanations to give. So while I'm fumbling over my words, Tim looks this girl in the eye and said to her "OP makes jokes about your weight to me so that I will feel better about never having a girlfriend as pretty as you".

I dont know what sorcery this guy was using, but Hannah looks at me and says "awwwwww, you really think I'm that pretty?".

tl;dr my roommate is the greatest bro of all time. My girlfriend is probably a little slow.

Edit: We have reached the magical land known as the front page. I didnt know reaching this place was possible for mere mortals, but here we are, and it couldn't have happened without you guys

Edit2: Gold! Youre the best internet stranger 

Edit3: Tim is not black. Tim is the most pasty white person to ever walk the earth

Edit4: Tim is not a redditor, but I sent him the link to let him know he was the internet's white knight of the day. He had two things to say, "why did you say lets call them Tim and Hannah when that's our real names?" and that /u/vaaarr was definitely onto something and we're going to show Hannah this and see what happens. Should it end up being funny I'll make another post about it, but not until tomorrow, Monday is Chinese food night, and it's Hannah's turn to buy, so there's no way I'm risking that.

Edit5: Guys the joke was that I was going to town on a tub of ice cream and Hannah was the fat one. We seem to be missing this crucial piece of evidence, so I would like to point it out.

Final Edit: (I swear its the last one) okay so, I got home from work a few minutes ago, and as soon as I got back Hannah knocked on my door. She looked really worried and my first reaction was "okay shes trying to get me back, don't buy into it". So I ask her whats wrong and she reaches into her pocket and pulls out a pregnancy test. "what is this?" "its my new ipad, WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU THINK IT IS?" theres two lines on it, so she shows me on the thing it comes with that this means positive. so I'm freaking out and ask her what the hell we do. she tells me she already called her parents and they were pretty happy about it, but shes still really nervous. okay... yeah. I can call my mom. Except that my mom is incredibly religious. I could tell my dad, but he would make me call my mom and tell her, where as my mom will at least tell my dad. Okay one call is better than two.

"Hey mom, it's OP, I'm calling with news"
"Yeah what's up?"
"Well, uhhhhh, Hannah is pregnant"
..........................................
"I said Hannah is-"
"Yes, I heard you."
"So uhhh, I'm gonna be a dad."
"That's..... exciting"
"Yeah. So, you're gonna be a grandma."
"Yes honey, I... I realize this."
"Sooooooo, I guess that's it"
"Alright, I will, I will talk to you later"

I hang up the phone, and Hannah BURSTS OUT LAUGHING. What the fuck was so funny about that? 
"Oh I had a girl pee on it at lunch today"
"You had a pregnant girl pee on a stick so I would call my mom to tell her you were pregnant"
"No, I never thought you would call your mom and tell her, that was all you"

tl;dr (again, I know I'm sorry) girlfriend got me back big time. admitted to my religious mom I have pre marital sex. not going to really be a dad. oh well, I guess I deserved that one/nThis didn't happen today, but over a couple weeks when I was going to boarding school 8 years back.

So I transferred in as a 10th grader from South Korea, into a 9th-12th boarding school in the US. 
Because it was a boarding school, I had a roommate, with whom I had only exchanged a couple emails before coming to the school.

The first day of school came, and I got to my room. The room had a bunk-bed, and having arrived first, I took the bottom bunk, and started unpacking.

Soon after, I heard a knock on the door. It was my roommate and his dad.
We exchanged greetings, and were busy unpacking, until it was time to go have lunch, meet new people, and do what high schoolers do on their first day of school.
The first day of school went by before I knew it, but I didn't really get to hang out with my roommate that much, as we were supposed mingle with everybody in our grade.
It was soon lights-out, so I climbed into my bottom bunk, and my roommate climbed up to his top bunk. We exchanged good-nights, and prepared for bed.

And then I started my daily 50 sit-ups.
*Huff-puff*, *Pant*, *Grunt*,
*Finish with an obligatory 'ahhh' from the burn*

I had been doing 50 sit-ups daily before going to bed for about a year then, and the first day of school was no reason to break my habit.
I was kind of afraid that I would wake my roommate, but he didn't say anything, and it sounded like he was asleep. So I thought nothing of it, and went to bed.

This goes on for a couple days, and one day my roommate carefully asks me without looking down from his bed, "Umm...are you alright, bro?"
To which I respond while heavily breathing, "Yeah!"-pant-"I'm fine. Just doing my daily routine, you know? - pant"
To this my roommate responds, "Uh...s..sure.."

I shrug it off, and go to bed.

About a week later, in the middle of my sit-ups, I hear a creaking sound on top of my bed, and from my bottom bunk, I can see my roommate's hands and the top of his head slowly starting to surface from the edge of his bed.
He starts to peek down at my bed, but with eyes so white, that you'd think that he heard somebody get brutally murdered.

I casually continue my sit-ups as usual, and ask, "What's", pant, "up?"

Suddenly, I see a wave of relief wash over his face. His expression rapidly changes from fear to realization, to relief, and then to laughter.

"OH MY GOD, YOU WERE DOING SIT-UPS. Oh, thank GOD!"
"What did you", grunt, "think I was doing?"
"I totally thought you were furiously jacking yourself off every single night before bed! I thought you would come up to my bed and rape me while I was asleep or something..I had been thinking that I was rooming with an Asian sexual deviant.."

And then it hit me. His previous comments. The dreadful silence every night.
My roommate acting strange around me.

For more than two weeks, my roommate had been thinking that my daily sit-ups had been daily me-time sessions, complete with my huffing and puffing, grunting, and ahhh's. For more than two weeks, my roommate had been laying awake on his top bunk, hearing me panting and grunting down on the lower bed, only imagining me getting myself off, not daring to look down for a fear of witnessing something unspeakable.

We had a great laugh, and we still talk about it every once in a while.

**tl;dr** - Went to boarding school, had a roommate with whom I shared a bunk-bed. I slept on the lower bed, he on the top bed. Every night, I did sit-ups before going to bed. For 2 weeks, my roommate thought that I had been furiously getting myself off.

**edit**: What, front-page? I will be enjoying my short-lived reddit fame. To answer some frequently asked questions:

* Yes, I know sit-ups aren't very effective, especially when done on a soft surface. I didn't know anything about fitness back then, and had mistakenly thought, 'Abs? Must do sit-ups, since I am moving my stomach!' I also progressively worked my way up to 50, from 10 a night. I also don't do any sit-ups now, in bed or on the floor.

* The bunk-beds at our school had enough space for sit-ups on the lower bed, but just barely.

* For science - pic of abs, taken Aug 15, 2015: http://imgur.com/G96nKr0
(No, I am not a time traveler. I live in Tokyo, and it's already the 15th here.)/nI’m laying on my couch right now. I should be asleep but I’m in pain as a result of my shameful clumsiness. I was running late for a date because I got off work late. I shot out a courtesy text, informing her that I needed to wash up. So, I hopped in the shower. I work in a shop that makes fiberglass products, and the itchiness of fiberglass shards is maddening. Needless to say, not showering wasn’t an option. I was trying to be quick, but I left my body wash in my gym bag. I could have got out if the shower to get it, but I chose not to. I used the bar soap that was already in the shower. I soaped myself super thoroughly, probably too thoroughly. I thought I felt something slimy on the bottom of my foot, but I figured it would wash off. As I stepped forward to grab the face wash, which was just out of reach, I slipped and fell backwards. There was a chunk of friggin soap on my heel. I grabbed the shower curtain but I was moving too fast and it just slipped between my fingers. You know that metal thing that you pull up to redirect the water? I fell on it. It penetrated me. Physically and spiritually. Probably Psychologically as well. I spent my “date” in the er. No stitches needed, but there is some localized swelling and bruising. Also, no sex for at least a week. I’m a dude.

TL;DR 

Slipped in the shower. Got poked in the b hole.

Edit;clarity

1. It didn’t get stuck but it did bleed. A lot.

2. They didn’t believe me at the ER until my date confirmed I suffer from chronic clumsiness.

3. We’ve been together for a while(9+ years)I told her the truth. She drove me to the ER and laughed the whole way. 

4. She offered me a redo on the date- with the condition that butt stuff is off the table when I’m well enough. 

4.  The faucet is okay 

5. You guys are a bunch of assholes. XD
 

Edit: thanks for gold!!!!/nI went out to a late lunch with a friend and had the spiciest Thai fish curry. I’m talking like a 8.5/10 on the spicy scale. I’m sweating and uncomfortable instantly after the first bite. My stomach is angry. I call it a night quickly, faking exhaustion. Goodbyes were hasty, at best. The Uber ride home was frightening, to say the least.

I get home, burst into the bathroom while shedding my clothes, and settle down on the poor toilet for a nice long Reddit session. It was grueling and arduous. I believe I cleaned out my intestines from top to bottom, twice. It was a poop like no other. Unrivaled. And then another kind of pain began. What was once a simple butthole, slightly used but still in excellent shape, was now a tired, burnt, and broken war veteran, who had “seen some shit, man.” It was so sensitive that I couldn’t wipe and had to just shower off. The rest of the evening I spent like a beaten dog, hunched over and on edge.

The next morning I’m back in the shower, preparing for the day. I slide a sudsy bar of soap down my crack and stop dead in my tracks. A lump. On my butthole. This is new and definitely not good. I instantly go into panic mode. A quick google search has me thinking “well, I knew cancer was going to take me out, I just didn’t expect the colon variety.” I spend the day walking around ever so slowly, trying to sit on my hips, and just generally being so cautious not to agitate the growing mass on the soft tissue of my sad and tortured butt. A call to the nurse hotline is not helpful, as they are not allowed to diagnose you, just strongly suggest that I see a doctor immediately. So I make an appointment. For three long days later.

The lump doesn’t grow, but it becomes more aggravated with every passing day. The evening before my appointment I decide it’s best to tell my wife what I’ve been suffering through. I sit her down and begin with “I need you to not freak out...”, and explain what I’ve been struggling with in silent misery. She laughs. In my face. A knee was slapped. “It’s a hemorrhoid, you moron.” There is no sympathy to be found here.

So I gather myself up and get to the doctor’s office the next morning at the crack of dawn. They call me in, tell me to undress, and take a seat. The wait is unbearable, as it’s been a week of struggling through dainty shits and walking bow legged. I’m ready to face my fate and get to the bottom of this.

The door opens and my little lady doctor pops her head in with a giant grin. “You’ve got a growth on your anus? Let’s take a look!” She enters, followed by three other people, two women and a man, that she introduces as doctors in training. I joke “Well, this is the most embarrassing moment of my life.” They don’t bat an eye but instruct me to bend over the table and pull my cheeks apart. She pokes at my lump with a finger, “That’s your classic hemorrhoid, people.” I breath a sigh of relief. “Welcome to old age” is her condolence. They spend some extra time lingering around my spread white butt, discussing their observations. Then, as I’m covering back up they ask, “Have you looked at it?” “No. I’m scared to.” I reply. Her eyes light up. She pulls out her phone. I assume the position and she snaps a few pictures. None are to her liking. “Wait a moment” she says as she hurries out of the room. The doctors in training and I stand around awkwardly in complete silence. The doc returns with an iPad in hand. I bend over once more and she snaps a few more photos.

Ladies and gentlemen, let me tell you, looking at an HD photo of your disgusting butthole on a large screen with four other strangers is a completely humbling experience.

Well, that is the end of my saga. I got some cream and took some epsom salty baths, and everything is back to normal.

TL;DR I ate spice curry, got a hemorrhoid, figured it was cancer because I’m an idiot, and showed it to a room of doctors who took pictures of it./nI'm just speechless at this point. I always thought I know a bit about pc's, and people usually went to me first when they wanted to have their own fixed.

When I bought my gaming laptop 4 years ago, it wasn't absolutely topnotch, but a rather good setup. Costum built, ~2000$ XMG laptop, i7 3630QM, Geforce GTX 660M etc. Mediocre today, but quite good a few years ago.


Now I always wondered why I could play many games only on low setting, if at all. Like Witcher 3 was basically a diashow, gta 5 only on the lowest settings etc and today I bought Skyrim SE. I used to play the original one but since it was a bit laggy I just played the main story and quit.

Now I start the game, and set everything to super low... and 10FPS.

Dafuck I think, look up the requirements:

>CPU:	Intel Core i5-750/AMD Phenom II X4-945
CPU Speed:	Info
RAM:	8 GB
OS:	Windows 7/8.1/10 (64-bit Version)
Video Card:	NVIDIA GeForce GTX 470 1GB /AMD Radeon HD 7870 2GB

Comon, thats way worse than what my old gaming buddy has. I always had a thought that my laptop would use its integrated graphics, but why would it (Intel HD Graphics 4000)? I check the Nvidea control center and it says 0 supported games. After updating, it found a few games, but still, laggy as hell.

Now at this point I discovered the Nvidea control panel, or rather clicked around it - and then I saw that for whatever reason, almost all my games with the exception of League Of Legends and Stardew Valley where using my integrated graphics card instead of my Geforce.

For four years I played games with my integrated graphics card.

I just can't get over my stupidity at this point. Btw, Skyrim SE runs now at a mix of Mid/High settings @ 60FPS.../nBackground info: There was a running joke in my schools that I would always be elected to be the Vice-President of student council for my year and bets would be taken on how long it took until I got kicked out for bad behavior.  This started in 5th grade and went all the way until my senior year.  In case people are curious, my "terms" ran from literally seconds to about 2 months.  Anyway, this post is from my junior year.

So junior year rolls around and it's time for student council elections.  By now everyone knows I'm going to be elected but because it was fun I still campaigned.  This years campaign consisted of me "paying" people to vote for me.  Now this "money" I was handing out to people was a black and white print out of a hundred dollar bill with my face badly pasted on using MS Paint.  They were about 50% bigger than a regular bill and also only printed on one side.  Anyway, about 3 days after the election I'm going through the lunch line and I find one of these "bills" in my pocket so being a smartass I hand it to the lunch lady at the register fully expecting her to call me an idiot and ask for real money.  Now, the way my schools system worked was you could type in a PIN and electronically charge your lunch to your account.  If you wanted to add money to your account you just gave it to the lunch lady and she would add it.  

So I hand this obviously fake hundred dollar bill to the lunch lady and she asks if I want to put my change on my account.  I sort of stare at her for a minute then say "Sure" figuring that she'll realize what's going on when the bill doesn't fit in the compartment in the register.  Nope.  She credits my account and sends me packing.  I think whatever, someone will catch the mistake later in the day and we'll all have a laugh. 

False.

2 days later the assistant principal comes to my 3rd period class flanked by two (2) State Troopers and hauls me out of there. Handcuffs and everything.  It turns out this "counterfeit" bill I was passing off made it all the way to the bank for deposit before someone finally said "Duuurrrrrrr... why is this bill so much bigger and blacker and whiter and one sideder than the other bills?"  Bear in mind at least 3 people other than the lunch lady had touched it and counted it by this time.  

Now, apparently no one had shown the fake bill to the cops so as soon as they saw it they laughed and un-cuffed me.  They told the assistant principal that they were not interested in pursuing this matter any further and that there was absolutely no reason that bill should have ever been mistaken for counterfeit money.  

So the outcome was in school suspension for 3 days, I wasn't allowed to play in the next football game, a huge boost in my street cred for getting taken out of class in handcuffs (I had to start wearing safety glasses to protect my eyes from all the soaking wet panties being thrown at me (I kid)) and obviously I was removed from student council.  My second shortest term.

TL;DR Gave an over-sized monochromatic single sided hundred dollar bill with my face on it to a lunch lady. Lunch lady took it as real cash.  Cue oblivious people being oblivious.  Taken out of class by cops for being a criminal mastermind running a counterfeit operation.

Edit 1: Holy hell this blew up! Also, for some clarification; No, the lunch lady was not disabled. She was just a regular lady who I'm assuming just had zero fucks to give.  We were friendly and had a good laugh afterwards.  I got in school suspension I'm assuming because the assistant principal didn't want to look dumb.  Which really only made him look worse.  Finally, I couldn't find it in my yearbook but I did manage to find one of the originals being used as a bookmark in the yearbook.  So here it is, along with a 100% legal $10 bill for reference.

(Hello darkness my old friend...)

Edit 2:  I didn't bank one the astute eyes of reddit.  I wanted to make myself sound a little older so I pushed back the dates of my FU.  It was a 2006A series hundred dollar bill.  I was a freshman in 2007.  I have brought shame upon my ancestors.

Edit 3: Imgur has no chill so I'm taking down the picture.  We're talking reporting to the Secret Service and shit.  If anyone wants it let me know and I'll figure something else out.

Edit 3.5: Some clarification. I put the picture up on imgur earlier and had multiple people (on imgur) saying they were going to be reporting it. Hence, imgur having no chill.  I'm trying to upload elsewhere but I'm on a work computer so I'm limited.  Also, there's GOLD in my hills! I feel like the luckiest boy in the whole world! 

Edit 4: https://www.reddit.com/r/Images/comments/55me03/tifu_heres_the_bill/

Hopefully reddit has more chill. If not, it'll be gone quick so hurry!/nThis happened this past Thanksgiving weekend.

**Backstory**: I've been helping my GF move apartments this past week. We found a pair of handcuffs in her closet (a gag gift from her best friend), which I silently decided to keep for a rainy day.

**12AM**: Fast-forward to this past Saturday night, my girlfriend and I were headed to bed, one thing lead to another, and our clothes came off. Using my noggin to think creatively, I decided to bust out the handcuffs - nothing crazy or anything - but long story short my girlfriend's hands were chained to the bed post above her head while I went about my business (which went well for the both of us thank you for asking!).

Finally it came time to remove the handcuffs... which is exactly when I realized that these weren't exactly toy handcuffs (there was no quick-release button usually reserved for the toy variety, and they appeared to be made out of hardened metal), and that in my infinite wisdom, I had taken them without actually having the key to them.

**1AM**: Commence about 2 full hours of me apologizing profusely to my GF, looking up "[pick your handcuffs with a bobby pin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JqCW3qS9Qjg)" videos on youtube which surprisingly were of no help at all for some reason, and trying to sever the links and finally the cuffs themselves with [metal cutters](http://imgur.com/gRBjN7b), to absolutely NO avail, I realized that I had myself in somewhat of a pickle. 

Throughout all of this, my girlfriend, bless her heart, was in surprisingly good spirits about the whole thing, despite her hands being chained to the post above her head, which was very uncomfortable, and lacking somewhat in the clothing department.

**3AM**: Having exhausted all at-home options and not wanting to call a specialist, I decided to break out my small handheld rotary dremel, with a spinning bit meant for cutting through tiny bits of metal. Long story short, after convincing my girlfriend that I would be safe about the whole thing and that she should remain still (I gave her safety goggles, and covered her hands with cloth), I was able to cut through the links that hold the handcuffs together, but not through the cuffs themselves. FREEDOM FROM THE BEDPOST AT LAST!

**4AM**: At this point we decided to get my GF dressed, and call a 24-hour locksmith. The cuffs around her wrists weren't an emergency, but by no means comfortable for her, and I was feeling really bad for her at this point. Locksmith didn't show (despite repeated calls), and we ended up falling asleep for the night, handcuffs and all.

**10AM**: Got dressed and headed for the nearest sex shop, to buy another pair of handcuffs, complete with key (from pictures online, the key seems pretty universal). Girlfriend decided to come with me since she was up by this point and wanted to come along for the ride. Of course the sex stores near us were closed on Sun, so we had to head a bit farther for some luck. 

**11AM**: Sex shop had plenty of handcuffs - though none with our exact brand. Apparently the ones on my GF were very old and from a company that was no longer in business... great. We bought the set with the closest-looking key, and tried it in the car. NO LUCK. Apparently while most handcuff keys look the same, the specific sizing varies by brand.

**12PM**: Found 2 more sex shops, still no luck (yes we did a lot of driving). Decided at this point to call more locksmiths, although this was a slightly more embarrassing prospect for my GF... no luck here as they were either 1) somewhat hesitant about the situation (potential ex-con or jailbreak), 2) thought it was a prank, or 3) had some unprofessional response like "what've you been foolin around??" in a rude way which made us uncomfortable.

**1PM**: Decided screw it, we're going to the police / fire station. This was by far the most embarrassing prospect for my GF, but with all of our options exhausted, we didn't want to go to the hospital, and I figured the police might have a matching key, or the fire station could cut them off. 

**2PM**: The people at the fire station were very professional, and had a matching key. My girlfriend came into the station after I gave her the OK, and they took them off. I guess the handcuffs we used were somehow police/criminal-grade, and their key worked perfectly with them. I asked the helpful fireman, an older gentleman, if he had seen this predicament before - he said no, gave us a genial smile, and didn't ask us any questions that would make an already-awkward situation even more awkward. I was somewhat surprised that they didn't run our information, but I guess my girlfriend didn't look like the felon type. Very very nice people overall. 

**3PM**: Took my girlfriend out to Sunday brunch. It's the least she deserved after being imprisoned by her BF on a sunny Thanksgiving weekend. The end!

**TL;DR**: handcuffed my girlfriend to the bed. firefighters had to save her.

EDIT: [proof](http://imgur.com/3TAK2pz)

EDIT 2: [more pictures](http://imgur.com/a/UFb6u) / [Link to the actual handcuffs model](http://www.armysurplus.com.au/showProduct/SECURITY/HANDCUFFS/HC0105A/American+Handcuff+Company+Handcuffs+-+Model+A-105)

EDIT 3: The comments got me researching the handcuffs a bit more, and i realized that they have a built-in [double-lock mechanism](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Handcuffs#Double_locks). here is a [picture](http://imgur.com/sCrw85c) of the double lock on my set (the holes on the side along the black part are the double locking mechanism). I am thinking this could possibly explain why i had so much trouble picking the lock using the bobby pin approach, given that my first course of action was incidentally to engage the double lock using a pin, thinking it would be some sort of quick-release mechanism (similar to the 'reset' button on your modem). Oh well, the stupidity continues. Tried the shim technique on the broken cuffs today - it worked very well! Wish I had known about it earlier.

PS Looked closer at the engraving on the cuffs. It says "**American Handcuff Co., Fond Du Lac, Wis**". [A quick google search](http://www.officer.com/company/10028329/american-handcuff-co) tells me the company might still be in business, although their [actual website](http://www.americuf.com/) isn't working.

Girlfriend is in good condition and we had a good laugh about it all.

Thank you for reading yall!

EDIT 4: first gold! thank you (now off to figure out exactly what it does)/nThis happened less than twenty minutes ago. As I sit here typing with trembling fingers in the classroom where I teach ESL to adults, I cannot help but think that this is one of my most embarrassing teaching moments. 


Today I decided to wear my favorite burgundy-colored pencil skirt to class. This morning was a rough one; The type of morning where you barely drag yourself out of bed... and of course we were completely out of coffee.  So I half-consciously dressed myself, admire my outfit efforts in the mirror for a split second, and dart out the door late as usual. 


When I get to class my students were waiting patiently at their desks. Not wanting to waste any time, I walk up the the board and immediately begin to write and lecture. About five minutes into my lecture one of my female students from Colombia says, "Excuse me, *teacher*..." Irritated at the interruption, I retort, "Yes, student? Remember I'll leave time for questions always." "No, your.. um... how do you call...?" "ZIPPER!" say several other students to help the first. I turn around like lightning and feel with my hand that although the clasp still held, the zipper that ran from the top of the skirt all the way to the bottom of my butt was as wide open as the great outdoors.


I casually zip it up, thank the student, and^dead^inside continue my lecture as if nothing had happened. As soon as I get the class quietly working on an assignment I slip off to the bathroom to assess the damage. In the mirror I pull the zipper down like it was, and lift my arm mimicking myself writing on the board. To my horror my open zipper and closed clasp created a little keyhole from Satan that revealed my blue g-string and ass cheeks in all of their pasty glory. 



I am now back in class; red-faced and knowing that the memory of this will keep me up at night for years to come. 



**TL;DR If I don't zip the zipper, their teacher's a stripper.** 

Update: Class just let out. The last student out of the classroom just said, "Blue is a good choice." Winked, and darted out the door. 

Edit: I was really hoping that my 15 seconds of fame would be from something more noble than *this* crap, but c'est la vie. Beside the haters, the overwhelming majority of hilarious comments has made me feel a LOT better. 

**TIL**: "Pics or it didn't happen." Is Reddit's version of, "Hey girl, bet you can't touch your elbows together behind your back."
/nThis incident happened this weekend when my husband and I were enjoying a mini vacation. We were hanging out in our hotel room when it was time to get ready for dinner. I got undressed to go shower when my husband offered to carry me to the bathroom while I was naked. I said yes but soon realized my mistake because I really had to pee.

Once we entered the bathroom the need to pee was too strong but I knew I could make it...until I saw that the toilet lid was down. Just like Pavlov's dog, I saw the toilet and my bladder was ready to go, there was no turning back. I screamed "I'm going to pee!" So he dropped me on the floor to get the toilet ready but it was too late. I pee'd on the floor as an adult woman. 

I started laughing and said I pee'd but he didn't believe me until he saw the puddle under me. Guess it's too late for him to be disgusted and leave me now! 

Tl;dr: TIFU by letting my husband carry me to the bathroom naked when I had to pee. This resulted in premature urination/nSo of course this didn't happen to me today, but about 6 months ago. I was in the library studying for the hardest test of my first year of medical school. I had a cup of water that I was drinking, without a lid of course, and after a sip I tried to set it back down but it slipped out of my hand and spilled all over my laptop. I turned the laptop upside down and got napkins to try and soak up the water. My battery is not removable without taking off the bottom of the laptop so I just shut it off and hoped for the best. I left it off for a few hours to hopefully let all the water dry, but it had been fried. I was pissed because I had splurged on a MSI GT72 Dominator which was amazing and cost me way too much money. I spent all day taking it apart and trying to dry it out, but I'm pretty sure the motherboard had severe electric damage and so it was a complete day wasted.

I still had a test to study for, which was only a week away so I had to go to walmart and buy a cheap 11" chromebook to hold me over until my replacement laptop came in the mail. My school has a testing service that we install on our laptops that allows us to be able to take the tests on them, so I installed it on my tiny new chromebook and thought that I was ready for this test.

Here comes the major fuck up, This test was 4 hours long, and I barely finished in time. After we submit our tests we are able to instantly review and are shown our right and wrong answers. I'm going through mine and it's looking okay, not getting everything right, but I'm thinking it's looking pretty good. Then I get to a question that doesn't seem to have the right answer provided, and I think, wtf, and start looking more closely at the answer options. It's then that I see the answer options box has the ability to scroll down, and I see that there are 10 possible answers! We had never had 10 possible answers before on any exam and since my computers screen was so small I had only seen 5 and assumed they were all there. So I ended up getting half of those questions wrong because when I answered them, I didn't even see the right answer on my screen. 

I was freaking out and I emailed some people, but got no help and was basically told too bad. It takes about a week for our final scores calculated and released. I knew it was going to be close and when I finaly got them back, I saw that I'd failed by HALF OF 1 PERCENT! Well fuck.

I had to meet with a committee where they told me that because the class was so long, that I wouldn't be able to just retake the test during the summer, which is the normal protocal for someone who fails a class, but that I'd have to repeat the entire first year. So yeah, pretty shitty since this will go on my transcript and makes me less competitive when applying for residencies, so I can basically say goodbye to any of the ultra competitive specialties like Derm or plastics. Pretty cool.

tl;dr Spilled water all over my giant gaming laptop, had to take a test on my new small laptop, could only see half the answers to 10 of the questions and failed my test by half of a percent. Had to repeat the first year of medical school as a result.

Edit: There seems to be some confusion for some people. I am not in any way blaming the test, or my computer, or anyone other than myself for this. I realize that it is entirely my fault that I did not see that there were more answers available, and it was entirely my fault that I'd spilled water on my computer. What I'm saying is that all of this could have been avoided if I had a bigger screen, but I didn't because of MY screw up. If I'd just looked two inches to the right I also would have noticed that there was a scroll option fo the answers, hence, a second FU. I'm not a stupid person, it's just lots of things went wrong for me that week and it is a pretty big bummer that I screwed up so badly.

Edit 2: Since a lot of you are telling me I should have realized the "right" answer wasn't there, I'll explain how these 10 questions worked. First off there were only 10 questions that had more than 5 questions. These questions were "which is the most correct", type of question. I'll give an example. If I showed you a picture of an apple and said, what color is this apple?

A. Red

B. Green

C. Yellow

D. Mostly red, but there are green spots with most of the green concentrated around the stem.

And D was the description of the picture, then that is the right answer. However if you only had options ABC you would choose Red, because it was MOSTLY Red, even though there was some green included.

So for these 10 questions the right answer WAS always there, however, there was an answer that was "more right" available, it's just that I failed to see it./nVery minor fuck up, but I thought I'd share it anyway. 

First off, I'm in Australia, and tipping isn't a thing here. But some local businesses will have a tip jar on the counter. I was at this bakery which I frequent a lot, and I'll tip some of the coins in change I get back in the jar. Today however, I get my $5.50 change back - in a note and a 50c coin - and go to drop the coin in the jar. Instead I drop both the coin and the note in. I needed that $5 for a bus to get back home. I didn't want to be the guy who reached into the tip jar with the cashier right in front of me to get my money back, so I just left. I walked for 30 minutes instead of a 10 minutes bus drive./nUnlike most TIFU this actually happened today. 

For context: My son is 11 months old and exclusively breastfed. Anytime he sees me, he cries and reaches out for me while frantically searching for my boobs. 

So for the past few days I have had to wake up extremely early for various events. I mean, school is about ready to start here so I am very busy lately. 

However, waking up early is hard to do when I still wake up with my son throughout the night to breastfeed him. Needless to say, I have been extremely exhausted. 

My SO thought that he would be nice and let me sleep in while he took our son to the bookstore. This is where the fuck up on my part begins. Before he left, I didn’t give my son his fix of his precious booby milk. I didn’t think that it would be a big deal, he nursed earlier that morning and wouldn’t be gone for long. 

While I slept, my SO took our son to the bookstore. While there, a woman who looked similar to me walked up to my son, bent over, and said hello. This is my SO’s unintentional FU. Apparently the woman resembled me just close enough to where my son thought that she WAS me. He has NEVER done this before, but he grabbed ahold of the woman’s shirt, pulled down her top, and almost exposed her nipple and tried to latch before she had time to pull her shirt back up. 

My SO face turned 3 shades of red and he apologized profusely. The woman was also very red but laughed it off and walked away. 

TL;DR: didn’t give my son booby milk before he went to the bookstore, he decided to try to take it from someone who resembled me.

EDIT: Okay so I seemed to have caused a bit of confusion. I am with my son’s dad, I didn’t think it would cause such a fuss if I referred to him as that but I guess I was wrong haha. And yes my son eats food. When I say he is exclusively breastfed, I meant that he doesn’t take formula. He eats food and can drink a little bit of water./nI am a sports coach that teaches multiple sports; Football (soccer, I'm English), Basketball, Tennis & Athletics. 

I was teaching in a primary school, a class full of 8 year olds, a basketball class to be precise. Everything was going smooth and I was interacting with the children and letting them shoot some hoops until I realised there was a young chap that seemed to have his arms in his Polo-shirt. Obviously for health and safety reasons, I approached him and I quote "can you please remove your arms from your shirt, its dangerous for yourself and others." He looked at me blankly, like I had just insulted his Mother. Obviously, he didnt listen to me, therefore I became a little more stern and threatened to remove him from my class unless he listened to me. Another young student came over to me and said "Sir, ____ has no arms. Please don't send him out". That Reddit, is when I realised I fucked up.

EDIT -
Following this; I have been contacted by the head coach who's calling me into a meeting next week. F*ck up confirmed.

EDIT 2 - 
I had my meeting, it was completely irrelevant to what happened last week. However I confessed my mistake; to which they understood. They will be talking to the students school with regards to this. I will also personally write an apology to the young child and his parents. 

Thank you for all the positive comments and thank you so much for the gold!

Ps - I am not a 12 year old seeking reddit fame, feel free to message me for proof, haha. /nI wanted to Surprise my husband with banana bread this morning. So I woke up at the butt crack of dawn to get started. I have four dogs; three under a year old. I got distracted when one of them ate a shoe. I cleaned up and added baking powder, not remembering that I had already done so before the shoe incident. 

I had the ingredients in the mixer. I beat the hell out of them. I scraped the mix into the pan and into the oven it went. And the banana bread started to rise. And rise. And rise... 

It frothed over the top and began spewing over the edges, all over the heating coils. 

After calming down and clearing away the smoke, I started to clean up and decided that jello would be a nice surprise, even though it's not banana bread. 

So, I put some water in a bow and microwaved it while I cleaned up. But cleanup took longer than expected, and I didn't want the water to get cold. So I added 30 seconds and went back to cleaning. And added 30 seconds and cleaned some more. Repeat five or six times over a ten-fifteen minute period.

I finally finished cleaning and added orange jello mix to the superheated water. It fizzled a little bit while stirred, but whatever. It was 6 am and my mind was fried already. 

I read the box and decided to mix in ice cubes to help it set quicker. Ice cubes in, jello explosion out.

I was covered in scalding orange jello juice and my kitchen needed another cleaning. I called my brother (who lives a few miles away), explained the situation, and told him to take my husband out for breakfast. 

Productive day. 

I'm going back to bed.

EDIT: I am new to the Reddit world and appreciate all of your feedback. It was brought to my attention that someone may consider giving me "Reddit Gold". If someone feels the urge to do so, please donate the money to your local no-kill shelter instead. They need your support more than I do.

I'm very glad that my unfortunate morning brought amusement to so many of you./nhttps://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/7tch5e/tifu_by_turning_my_girlfriend_into_a_freaking

So I showed my girlfriend the post and she had a good laugh at all the creative ways you people (deservedly) ripped me a new asshole. We then agreed we should update y'all.

SHE GOT THE JOB! Unsurprisingly as she is one of the smartest and most capable people I know. 

I've replaced the moisturizer and sincerely apologized for my stupidity in forgetting the interview date due to my own stress and being a general cretin, as well as lying about it. I am generally forgiven, but on probation - and you can bet I will never fuck up like that again.

My girlfriend wishes me to let you guys know her moisturizer was from Tatcha. She also says she is a bit mad so many people assumed she wasn't saying the truth when she said she wasn't mad about the prank, only about forgetting the interview and lying. "I always mean exactly what I say thank you very much." That said, I'll take your comments to heart and never, ever mess with anyone's skincare or make up again. 

Finally, there was one UNEXPECTED development. Apparently my mom, a sweet retired nurse who by her own admission struggles to navigate her own inbox, is a redditor. A friend from her FB knitting group helped her set up an account cause apparently reddit knitting community is really great? Anyway, Mom says reddit's easy to use except search is "a bit wonky." Lol.

My mom saw the post as it hit the first page and quickly pieced together it was from me (thank god I used a throwaway). Then in Mom logic, she actually didn't call me but my girlfriend, completely mortified, and they spent half an hour discussing what a freaking idiot I was. Gf said it was a very bonding experience. 

Mom also says she left a comment on the original, but I don't really want to search for it lol. But if you see this, hi mom! 

Tl;dr: my girlfriend got the job, I was forgiven, my mom is a redditor apparently? Cheers/nSo this did actually happen today, albeit very early in the morning.



Matched with a girl on tinder late one night, after a couple messages back and forth she "persuades" me that it's a good idea for her to come over. Not really thinking much of it, think to myself 'yeah sure let's get laid'. I make a point to always mention beforehand that I'm uncircumcised (being from the US, I've never had sex with a girl who knew what an uncircumcised dick even looked like) and she's fine with it.



Cue having sexy times, and she is really good at giving head. Like, really good. Like, so good that when she bites my tip just a little, I have to make her stop, but only for about one whole second. Everything else goes about as expected.



The next day I'm going to take my morning pee, and it hurts. Not like a 'STD sting' hurt, it is fucking excruciating to pull the head back to pee. Upon closer inspection, I notice it's because my head is *literally detached a little bit from my foreskin* I'm dumbfounded. 'She didn't bite that hard' I think to myself, it was more of a playful scratch if anything.



So I text her. We had planned on doing it again, but I had to let her know that I had a tear on my dick, and it might be a while. She's really sorry, and this is where I discover the real culprit *she has a diamond stud on one of her teeth* so I had received fellatio and had my dick torn by a diamond.



This was all roughly two weeks ago. I could pee and masturbate without any problem or pain very shortly after, so I think I must be in the clear. We arrange for another late night hookup



Fast forward to that hookup very early this morning, and when I attempt penetration, up roars the fierce foreskin pain once again, like it had just happened, even though it had been two weeks. I figure 'well I'm here and I'm sure as shit gonna give this a go, or my name ain't Traceur98'



So while I am having a fine and dandy time in doggy position, tinder girl stops me, and quietly, almost whispers, "I think you tore me". Turning on the lights reveals that sure enough, there is blood coming out of her, on my member, and especially on my bed. She begins to apologize profusely, she's so sorry, this has never happened before, she doesn't know how it's even this much, and I say everything is okay, just hop in the shower and I'll clean up.



After she's hopped out, and drained a noticeable amount of blood into my shower drain, I hop in as well, and it hits me like a brick wall.



*that's not her blood, that's mine*



I ask her to come into the bathroom and show her the now puddle of blood in my tub coming from the now very severed head of my penis. I assure her I feel fine and that it's not her fault (she's almost in tears at this point) and that I'll just clean up a bit, and that it might be the last time I have sex for a while.



My doctors appointment is tomorrow. This will be a joy to explain

TL:DR Tinder girl blows me with a diamond stud, rips my peepee, the next time we have sex, makes a bigger rip in my peepee./nSo today (wow, today!) I was at my cousin's birthday party. He's still really young, he was turning 6. (For reference, I am 16, too old for a kids party but too young to sit with the adults and drink beer) We go to a bowling alley where they do kids parties, and everything is going well, I get a few strikes, everyone's happy. 

Then we go into the party room, where we are served the food. You can imagine how out of place I felt, towering over these tiny kids as we eat "food" with plastic cutlery and the mandatory party hat on our heads. The other kids realise this too. The little girl who I was facing looks at me inquisitively.

Little Girl: "Excuse me. How old are you?"

Me: Sixteen.

LG: Oh. I'm Seven.

Me: Hi Seven, I'm Dad.

Her eyes widen, almost as if they were going to pop right out of her head and bail, and a look of absolute euphoria spreads across her face. She jumps up and runs to me, hugging me, kissing whatever part of me she could reach, saying "Oh daddy! I've missed you! Where have you been?" 

Me, confused as all hell, looks at the adults for some kind of support / explanation, and I was met with mostly disappointed or angry looks. One particular angry look was from this little girl's mother. She storms up to me, grabs her daughter, and walks off. They talk in the corner for a minute, and the little girl bursts into tears. Mother and daughter exit the building. 

My mum looks at me with complete disdain, and asks me why the fuck I said what I had said (all adults were close by, within hearing distance of the little girl and I). I told her that I thought it was kind of funny, and it might make her laugh. She shakes her head and tells me the story.

This little girl's dad did a walkout several months after she was born. Her parents were fighting, the dad was an alcoholic, and after one particularly nasty argument, he packs his stuff and straight up bails on the family. The girl was too young to remember her father's appearance, but treasures the memory of his presence. When I said I was her dad, all she wanted to do was believe her dad was back, despite the unlikeliness and improbability of it. 

In other words, I broke her fucking heart. 

I am now sitting at home, contemplating my previous decisions, privately resolving to not show my face amongst my extended family for a while, and feeling like the worst human being to have lived. 

**TL;DR** If you make a dad joke without being a dad, it must be bad karma or something because I convinced a basically fatherless child I was her dad.

**Edit** Thank you all for the words of support / the proper delivery of a dad joke. I should have indeed said my own name, that would have saved me from a bit of pain. For those telling me to send an apology note, I could but it would seem out of place. She never knew my actual name, she was just another girl amongst 20 or so other kids, and not a part of my family, just a friend of my cousin's. And for those asking, I won't be hooking up with the girl's mum. I feel bad saying that she *wasn't* hot, I'm sure she was in her day. Right now she just looks worn and tired. 

/nYesterday I was prepping some snacks into a container for placement. I know apples don't usually need a container but, as a student on a hospital placement, my bag is probably full of germs. To fit the apple I had to cut in half. This should been a simple knife-on-the-chopping-board cut but "Fruit Ninja!" popped into my head. 

You're now probably thinking I threw the apple, swung the knife and injured myself. But no. I didn't. Not because I thought it's dangerous, but because I doubted my samurai skills would produce two halves rather than an off-centre quarter slice. 

Unfortunately, I didn't give up. Instead I thought steadying the apple in the air with one hand was a brilliant solution [no. It was very dumb](#spoiler). I do so with my left hand and swipe at the apple with the blade in my right. I can't exactly remember what happened other than the apple hit the floor and I saw what looked like half my thumb missing. I quickly grabbed some kitchen paper and was rushed to Accident and Emergency by my pals.

After they controlled the bleeding the damage became clear. I sliced the tip of my thumb off and lacerated the three neighbouring fingers and broke the index nail vertically. Fortunately the cuts were clean and no tendons or bones were nicked. I do however have to avoid using my hand to help it heal and because it hurts like a bitch. At least I made it to the hospital still I guess. Funniest moment was returning home to find the apple survived the ordeal more than me. Also my finger tip unlocks my phone which is great because I can stitch it to my gloves now.

SFL pic of the [apple in my bandaged hand](https://i.imgur.com/IRbhVze.jpg)

NSFL album of [everything else](https://imgur.com/a/Izy8v)

Tl;dr: I couldn't open my apple. I was just holding it wrong and didn't lose all my digits.


Edit: reworded the last line of the second paragraph. (was: rather than a quarter and two thirds)

Edit 2: for those curious here's [the knife.](https://i.imgur.com/NVNk1Db.jpg) I think it's a santoku knife. Maybe ceramic./nSo this quite unpleasant situation that happened last night.  No before you ask this isn't a story about how I have such a massive penis I somehow punctured by gf's cervix although admittedly it's not much better.

To begin you have to understand an important dynamic between my gf and I.  We're into bdsm.  Ok that was easy.  Her biggest kink is insertions, she loves being filled up huge.  So we're going through our scene, she's tied up to a chair mounted on a big ole buttplug while gagging on a dildo-gag.  I've got a nice little vibrator against her clit having a great time really.

Well then things take a turn.  We've experimented with using this [ pump dildo](http://imgur.com/dr1ZmCS) before, which was a lot of fun, and we've been longstanding [users of this guy too](http://imgur.com/2FpEiSe) (B not A).  For the first time we thought hey let's use them at the same time.  Start off and she's loving it, like she's really into it.  Screaming through the gag, spittle flying out the sides, etc.  She's losing it and losing it, so I pull out the gag so I can hear her.  I ask her if she wants to keep going and she just nods.  At this point I notice how fast she's breathing so I stop pumping her up and give her a minute to catch her breath.  I ask her a couple times and we have a quick conversation where she says she wants to finish the scene and she's loving it, and so on and on.  So I say ok and we go for the finish.

Well after about two pumps I see the blood.  **A lot of blood**.  I very calmly inform her we've got a bit of an issue and have to end the scene, while internally about to faint from the sight before me.  It's not the blood itself it's the fact the blood is coming out of her vagina like at torrent.  I quickly untie her, throw on a pair of panties and sweatpants and carry her to the car.  I drive straight to the hospital and about halfway there the endorphins run out and she starts complaining of pain.  I'm sweating fucking bullets (she's reassuring me she's not blaming me or mad or anything) thinking I literally just broke my gf. 

We get her in to the ER and they immediately put her down on her side, a bag of blood and some pain medication.  She's really hurting by this point and I'm trying to help and be supportive while dying rapidly on the inside.  If glares shot daggers I'd have been a pincushion from all the nurses who think idk I somehow beat my gf's cervix.  Doctors finally arrive, take a look and agree yep she tore her cervix.  Well I tore her cervix but she keeps saying it's not my fault, doesn't make me feel any less guilty.  They then of _course_ had to cauterize the tear.  My mind conjured images of a blowtorch going into my gf's vagina but I was assured it would be some sort of fast-acting gel that would still burn like a motherfucker but at least close the wound.  So they go ahead and give her a sedative and perform the operation while I sit out in the waiting room struggling to figure out what to tell her relatives.  

She was in a lot of pain when she got out, and was nauseous from the pain medicine to the point she couldn't walk.  And she was catheter'd because she obviously can't use those muscles.  So they kept her overnight and got released this morning.  Of course I have a huge meeting today I couldn't miss so I had to leave for work straight from the hospital, had a friend of ours bring me my work clothes and stay with my gf.  Guilt ate me alive so I came home from work, and have been pampering her all afternoon until she took another dosage of painkillers and passed out on the couch.  

What's the lesson kids?  *Know the limits of your gf's cooch before ya stick things in*.

**TL;DR: Playing real kinky with my gf and ended up tearing her cervix with a spiked dildo**

Edit: Alright I was unclear.  I threw panties _on her_ not me.  Jesus guys I can't keep making the ironic "we're not into that weird shit" joke over and over again.

edit2: oh you fucks just had to gild me didn't you.  I DON'T FEEL LIKE A WINNER REDDIT!

edit3: so she woke up, read these comments and laughed her butt off which I'm taking as a good sign for recovery.   We're headed off to bed now guys, see ya in the morning.

edit4: I hope y'all are happy.  You ~~double~~ quadrouple gilded a post about making a girl bleed out her vagina.  Never change reddit./nI'm looking after my sister's house for a few days while she's away. Been here a couple of days and I'm settled in. It's nice and sunny outside, so I decide take the dog on a bit of a hike. It was lovely. Sun beating down, bluebells in the woods, tweeting birds - it was a proper walk in the countryside. Happy days.

Got home and I'm a bit sweaty (balls are sticking to my leg) so obviously I need to jump in the shower. "Ahh, a nice relaxing shower" I think to myself as I soap up and feel the hot blast of water cascading over my shoulders. Bliss.
Then I hear the dog going crazy downstairs, barking and jumping around. So I jump out of the shower and open the window to see what he's barking at. Shit, it's a courier! I completely forgot my sister told me she had some parcels coming. I quickly wrap a towel around my waist, run downstairs and head for the door.

The delivery guy spots me through the glass and waits as I calm the dog down and tell him to sit. Good dog. I open the door a crack and the dog gets a bit twitchy. "Stay!" I tell him, and he settles. Good boy. Your training is going well. You deserve a biscuit. I open the door to deal with the delivery.
The guy hands me a parcel, taps his touchpad a couple of times and gives it to me to sign. I stuff the parcel under one arm, take the touchpad and look for where I need to sign.

Then I hear a woman talking. Then a little girl. It's the neighbour from a couple of doors down, pushing her baby's buggy up the street and talking to her (I'm guessing) 5 year-old daughter, who occasionally plays in the garden with the pup.
The dog hears his little friend and makes a bolt for the door. But I'm too quick for him. I put my leg out to block his way. Little shit dips his shoulders and rushes between my legs, catching my towel over his head and ripping it away from my waist!

So I'm standing there, bollock naked, touchpad in one hand, parcel under one arm, my junk basking in the summer sun, shouting for the dog to stop while my brain is trying to work out what the fuck is going on! Too many things happening at once! Confusion intensifies!

Delivery bloke bursts out laughing, neighbour's eyes lock onto my man parts, jaw drops and she scrambles to cover her little girl's eyes, who's standing there staring at my sausage with a look of utter confusion/horror on her face.
I quickly drop the touchpad over the offending appendage, shuffle backwards into the house, pull the door to and gather myself as best I can. Delivery guy (who's now in tears) hands me the towel through the crack in the door and I cover myself. I sign with a X, shout the bloody dog back inside, look up and lock eyes with the neighbour again as I shamefully slink back into the living room. Then I sit holding my head in my hands for about 20 minutes.

But here's the kicker. I opened the parcel to check everything is ok with [the order](http://i.imgur.com/JsCCQWPh.jpg)

Arse!


TL;DR I answered the door in a towel and now I'm probably a sex offender. Plus irony is a bitch.

__________________________________________________________________________________________

Edit: Reddit Gold! Thank you LizardPoisonsSpock for making this pill a little easier to swallow :)

Edit 2: Yes, I'm a guy (hopefully that's now made clear in the second paragraph)

Edit 3: Bluebells ffs. Blue-BELLS! Honestly, you guys have sex on the brain.



/nWoke up with that feeling of ugh I don't wanna go to work. I'ma call in. Nah better not this is the short week I gotta go. So I got up and went to work against my will. 

I work as an assistant mechanic in an industrial setting and sometimes required to work on a 100 ton press. My line lead and I were working on said press clearing a material jam and were almost finished, when we both noticed some debris in the die (dye maybe idk). He used an air nozzle in an attempt to blow out the debris, he was unsuccessful as I could still see it. (Insert fuck up here) I reached my hand into the press to show him where the debris was. He never fires this thing without calling clear or fire in the hole. Well today he did. He pushed the buttons, it came down, my hand was still there. Initially there was no pain, more of a super wtf moment. Luckily when I yelled at him he released the buttons and it stopped before completing it's cycle and he was able to reverse the press. Got my hand out and just held it til I got to ER. Had to have my left ring finger removed. It sucks. But it could've been a whole lot worse, it could have been my entire hand. 


For those wanting to see my hand now. http://imgur.com/KVgL9ob (nsfl)  This happened Oct 2 2016
 http://imgur.com/SlW61yY 
At first day of therapy. http://imgur.com/UmgDcnG 
 http://imgur.com/Nqz1MTQ 



Update: for those of saying to lawyer up, I wasn't going to at first, but in light of other information I've received from the co worker involved I'm going to consult with one. As far as time lost, there isn't any. They left me on the clock that night and I was out for 2 days, which was covered by vacation time because of how wc laws work. I'll be returning to work Sunday. Under doctor orders of extreme light duty. 

Non dominant hand thankfully. 

Regarding the loto procedure it's considered impractical for what was being done for a couple reasons. Supervisions main concern is down time, mechanically speaking it's not possible to do a raw material change with the machine powered down and no air flow. Most of the supervision have never worked as a mechanic, so they default to downtime being the reason for impracticality. 

Talked to wc adjuster, everything will be covered including the 2 days I had to use PTO for. 

First day at therapy. Bandages off. 
 http://imgur.com/PQRoUlS  nsfl
 http://imgur.com/of548Er  nsfl
Doctor says everything thing is looking well considering its only been 5 days and that it's healing fine. Movement is good in other fingers as well for this point. 

Tl;dr went to work, did something dumb, trusted another human, lost finger. 
/nI'll start by saying this happened November 11, 2016 so this is still fairly new, and I am still undergoing surgeries. I'll start this with some back-story.

Okay so at the time I was 25 and dealing with some personal life problems. I was with my girlfriend for 4 years with 2 breakups in between. We had broken up somewhere near September for the final time. I wasn't the perfect boyfriend and had a few slip ups, alcohol was unfortunately the main factor. I wasn't mad that we ended it but I was a little depressed. 
I was laid off from my cushy oilfield desk job of 4 years at the beginning of the year. Since I was moved up with no schooling or previous experience in my field, it was near impossible for a similar job for similar pay. So I took a temporary job in a warehouse since I'm not prideful. For a fraction of my last salary of course.

I have a roommate and his girlfriend, he ends up never having a job the entire year of our lease.
He's an alcoholic and addicted to his prescription pills that alter his mind. (Klonopin) 
He wants to drink with me 24/7, we get trashed on weekends, him everyday. I wouldn't say I was an alcoholic before him but I was already drinking heavily. Living with him influenced me to drink more than I should have been.

-The day of the accident and the following week is from word of mouth not memory.

It's Thursday night and tomorrow is a holiday, my coworker/friend invites me to go out drinking with him. We hit up a few bars and end up spending quite some money. It's good therapy for me since I feel like my life is falling apart. Apparently I get cut off at our last bar but I somehow manage to get us all another round of shots. My friend tells me I try to leave but he takes my keys and wants me to crash at his place, he lives in the neighborhood. I live an hour away. I somehow convince him I'm okay and get my keys back. I crash 10 minutes from the bar.

I'm on a curvy lone road with no guardrails. I'm waiting at the train tracks for the train to pass. When it finally does I floor it 120 mph right off the road into a cement culvert pipe, I go airborne and fly right into some type of pole. I hit the pole at 110 mph. (Where my odometer stuck at) my car bounces the tail end into a tree. I'm still conscious. The front end of my car is now where my knees are. Parts of the engine are on top of me, my entire floor is gone, the car is crumpled, and my body is in a weird position from the impact. Luckily I'm near one of the best hospitals in Texas and I'm swarmed with fire trucks, police, and ambulances.
Once the first responders arrive the ending catches on fire and they are able to quickly put it out, I have minimal burns on my right hand only.
Once the realized I'm alive they use the jaws of life to get me out and apparently I'm screaming in pain. Once I'm in the ambulance I go into traumatic cardiac arrest and lose pulse, I die. The crew punctures my chest since my lungs visited. They use the defibrillator and being me back. Once in the ER, I go into traumatic cardiac arrest again and die once more. They revive me again. 

They put me in ICU while I'm in critical condition. I'm not stable so they are unable to do any surgeries for 4 days, mind you every limb except my left arm is broken to hell. I'm in a coma for a week. I finally stabilize and they are able to start on the long list of required surgeries. The first surgeries are on my back since I broke my lower spine, L4, and the spine twisted and fractured. It require a 8 hour spine surgery and now I have plates/screws inserted to hold my spine together. (I'm no longer allowed to run for the rest of my life) Next surgeries are on my legs, both ankles broken with the bones sticking through. The orthopedic surgeon informs my family he 100% is about to amputate both legs due to the severity of the damage. Once in surgery he finds out he can save them and operates. The right is fixed 100% with long plates and screws. I have arthritis already from the injury. The left ankle was the worst of the two with a shattered heel, and my Achilles severely torn, fractures everywhere and some bone missing from the left side of the arch, also major nerve damage. It never leaves the cast the entire duration of my hospital stay and it wasn't weight bearing for a while after.

My right forearm is broken very bad, both bones are broken and shattered. My arm is wide open, you can place your drink in my arm. Muscle has died due to my arm being left open for 4 days when I wasn't stable, they have to cut the dead muscle out and they start maggot therapy for a week to eat the remaining dead tissue. They put two bags of 200 maggots in my arm and close it with gauze. This continues for a few days I can't recall exactly how long cause my memory is fuzzy. My tendants and nerves are severed, I no longer have feeling or movement in my hand from the wrist to the finger tips. After another surgery, they close the huge wound with a skin graft from my thigh. My leg is on fire for days and is the worst pain I've ever felt, injuries included. I get put on dilaudid every 4 hours and I'm as high as a kite. They wrap it up and attach a tube connected to a device that pumps water in and then sucks it back out, I think it was to continually clean it, I don't really remember why.

I have a collapsed lung so I have a chest tube put in. Once they remove it, I can't breath and they realize it was placed wrongly. They have to do surgery to reinstall it. It's very painful and I get knocked out with ketamine which really messed me up with weird dreams.

Now to my face. I have multiple fractures in my face. There's two openings in your skull in your cheek area near both sides of your nose where the nerves come out of. I fracture both holes and have nerve damage in my nose, teeth, and mustache area. My nose is broken badly and the bone is under my right eye, the plastic surgeon fixed it. My jaw is broken and unhinged. I have two black eyes and my right eye is damaged to the point it's oozing green puss and I have 100% purple vision. It heals eventually with medicinal eye drops. I get plates in various spots of my face where the fractures are. I get my jaw wired shut, and a tracheotomy is performed with a breathing tube installed that doubles as where my voice comes out of. Weird. It has to be cleaned daily with a suction tube where it feels like I'm suffocating, and it constantly fills with phlegm that I can cough out of the tube.
I also have a brain injury from the fast and hard impact to the airbag, there is a bleed on the brain which causes short term memory loss and problems receiving too much information at a time. That heals with time. I have a few long scars on the back of my head that are stapled close. I don't know if it's from the impact or if there was surgery. I honestly didn't think to ask.

The doctors estimate a 18 month hospital stay. I end up in ICU a little over a month before being moved to inpatient therapy on the top floor also for a little over one month. They teach me how to walk all over again with a walker, only in PT though, I got around in a wheelchair. I learn to use only one hand through a lot of different exercises. I get discharged in January still in my wheelchair, leg cast, and back brace.

After a few months in physical and occupational therapy all while in a wheelchair, they schedule another arm surgery. May 11th I have a nerve repair surgery. He pulls every single nerve he can from both my legs to replace the damaged nerves in my arm. I now have numbness in both legs in certain areas. The nerves should take a little over a year from surgery to heal, and I might get some movement back in my fingers. Might.

July I have another surgery in my left ankle because it healed crooked and my tendants are out of place. He needs to rebrake the ankle to correct it. He ends up braking it again and fixing my tendants, also partially fusing my ankle with permanent screws.
I have anther surgery next month (September), and another in February.

I'm sure I lost the respect of family and friends, and disappointed myself. This is my rock bottom. 

I was 130lbs and my bac was 0.24. I was not charged with a dwi, but my insurance counted it a total loss and won't pay a dime. I have $12k left to pay. Karma I guess.

The only good thing from this is I have given up alcohol and cigarettes and am on a path to be a better person. I started going to church and even gave up cursing. It made my take a long look on life.

[Link to news article](http://montgomerycountypolicereporter.com/crsah-leaves-driver-in-critical-condition/)

[Few personal pics](https://imgur.com/gallery/0Tszt)

EDIT: I immediately fell asleep after posting this so I didn't see any of the truck loads of hateful comments which got this thread locked. If you feel strongly about this post, feel free to send me a message, I promise I'll get around to reading the flood of messages. All of them. Also Since I never got a chance to reply to anyone, I'll answer some questions here. 
1.) I am not back to driving yet, my license is still valid since there was no DWI. I do need to get a police ride-a-long to approve me to drive again. My insurance knows the reason and I am in no condition to drive anytime soon.
2.) The BAC was found out in the ER when they did a blood test, I've spoken to the sheriff a few times about my missing gun I keep in my car, never mentioned any possible charges. 
3.) This wasn't meant as a rant, informative piece, or anything really. If it helps you, great, if it pisses you off, that's okay too. It was just on my mind when I saw there was a TIFU subreddit. 
4.) I've never blamed anyone for my actions, they are my own. And the back story wasn't to be excuses, it was just to explain why I ended up drinking so much that night. 
5.) For people asking what made me think I could drive in that condition, obviously I was not in my right mind. have you ever tried to argue with a drunk person, have you seen the dumbest things people do while drunk? It doesn't excuse my actions but logical thinking is nonexistent while drunk. 
6.) Sorry if I wasn't clear on the $12k, that's what I owe left on my car. Since I wasn't up to date on paying my car insurance they counted it as uninsured. The hospital bills are through the sky, and near impossible to pay, but I have insurance and they can't not do surgery. They have to treat me. 
7.) I'm sorry if it seems like I'm listing excuses in the beginning, I was only trying to include some back story. I'm not the best story teller/writer, so it may have been misinterpreted. I don't blame anyone for what happened, I don't even blame alcohol. It was a decision I made that was solely on me. I never once blamed a single person other than myself. I think there would be more questions if I only posted the crash so I was just trying to be clear on the events that led to this.

EDIT 2: I had a muscle transfer surgery, they pulled my griscilist muscle and placed it in my forearm since there was no muscle left. I get another skin graft, this time bigger. I also get another left ankle surgery to yet again rebreak the bone and over correct it

EDIT 3: I was charged with a dwi and had to go to jail for a few hours, I saw they had a warrant for my arrest, so I turned myself in.

TL;DR I drove drunk and ended up losing the use of my dominant arm, as well as certain movements in my left foot./nSo I'm currently still at the birthday party where this incident took place. We are at a birthday party for one of my wife's friends' kid who just turned 2. The whole family of the child is here and they are a black family. Now I'm talking aunts, uncles, grandparents, family friends, the works. The birthday girl was playing with a balloon and my son (almost 2) took the balloon away and started yelling No! No! No! So naturally I took the balloon away from him and the family was staring at him being a brat naturally. So in an attempt to not say "no" and sort of explain his behavior I said, "sorry everyone he just recently learned the 'N' word".......the room went silent......I also have never met ANY of these people before so it made my mistake that much more awkward. Luckily they all just started dying laughing because they understood what I meant. 


TL;DR In an attempt to avoid using the word "No" I told an African American family my son recently learned the 'N' word. It was embarrassing then everyone laughed./nNSFW 

Obligatory didn't happen today, happened last year. 

I work as a community nurse. I had a patient with a wound on his buttock, not far off from his rectum. We were using a vacuum dressing on it, obviously a very hard spot to get a good, air-tight seal. For this reason, we had to use different types of paste, tape, and the area needed to be very dry. To achieve this, we used a blow drier. 

I was chatting away with the patient and his wife while I worked away. The time came for me to dry the area, so I said, "just going to give you a quick blow job". 

Thankfully, they pretended not to hear it/ didn't acknowledge it. Cue my face going as red as possible and total embarrassment. 

Unfortunately, not the only time in my career that I've stuck my foot that far in my mouth.


Edit: thanks for the silver, kind stranger! These puns in the comments are BLOWING me away. Thanks for the laughs everyone! 


TL;DR work as a nurse, was using a blow drier to dry area around dressing, said "just going to give you a quick blow job". Died inside./n     This one actually happened last night!

I'll start with some background. This woman and I have been dating for about 2 months now yet I have never seen her residence. After a week of me pestering her she finally says yes, tells me to come over after work. We get off at 2 in the morning which made me assume I would be staying the night, bought a bottle of booze to help the night along. 

This is where the FU starts. I pull up to the address she gave me and park a house away as per her request, it is a very nice house way out of the price range of what we make. Seeing this I assume she still lives with her parents which isn't to odd for a person in their low 20's (we both are), explains why she didn't want me over. Right? After a very fun night of drinking and watching movies she leads me into a bedroom that looks like my grandparents, no color, a nightstand with pill bottles and a real alarm clock on it. Didn't think to much about it, big mistake. After doing the deed and being rather drunk we pass out. Waking up to her phone alarm going off and her yelling "OH SHIT OH SHIT HIDE NOW" I get shuffled into a closet, NAKED!

..... Been hiding for a while between a wall of clothes and damn GUN SAFE. I am trying to decide if I should yell "Leroy Jenkiiiiins!" or "no one expects the Spanish inquisition!" to start my naked dash to my clothes and then freedom, then comes an older sounding voice and the sounds of love making shortly after.... 'Oh shit her parents are home!' I think to myself, now my options are trying to sneak out or doing the respectable thing and introducing my naked self as their daughters boyfriend. I make the safe choice and sit there for what seems like hours. Eventually the door opens and my girlfriend is standing there signaling me to be quiet and come out. I lunge from my throne of old shoes and face plant hard, my legs have never been more asleep. I hear a voice from bed saying "babe what is going on" and then i see a 60+ y/o general manager from a different shift sit up and stare into my naked soul. All hell breaks loose and I sprint towards the door eating shit on the wall outside as my legs are apparently in a coma, hearing a thud behind me I pick myself up and run for my life not knowing if he is going for me or the gun safe. I make it outside with only a bloody nose and a few sore spots that I blame my traitorous legs for.

Now here I am outside naked, bloody, no phone and no keys. I hide a few houses down for about 30 minutes. My little soldier is trying to make a full retreat into my body for warmth and my fingers are bright red. Sneaking to my car I jump in the back with only a winter hat from the floor of the car and the fetal position to keep me warm. After a few hellish hours of thinking death was at the door my now ex-girlfriend opens the door and tosses me my stuff and says get out quick. I floor it out and find a spot to get dressed and check my phone, 5% battery and 20 minutes to get to work... great. 
I get to work and keep my head low until the shift before me finishes leaving, not knowing if the GM knew me or not. A 10 hour shift with no sleep was ahead of me. I eventually get to talk to the woman and the first words out of her mouth are 'please don't be mad it's not like you asked if I had a boyfriend'....

TL;DR Didn't ask a woman if she had a sugar daddy before getting romantically involved.

edit for this https://www.reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/43xufv/how_do_you_make_a_new_paragraph_when_typing_on/

UPDATE: So I talked to her on my first break and she is acting like nothing happened which blows my mind. I made it clear that we are done and she didn't handle it well but oh well. Also I will be getting myself tested! Depending on the results their may another TIFU on the way but much darker lol /nSo about 20 minutes ago I was at the gas station and I notice this Sheriff in his car with the gas pump still in his tank and I think to myself “no way he’s gonna drive off with that still in” sure enough he does. I’m laughing my ass off because I’ve never seen that happen in real life, but it popped out and everything looked fine so he took off. I start pumping my gas and go inside to get a drink. Inside the station I talk to the shocked attendant and I’m still laughing about it while she tells me he’s a regular and blah blah blah. When I get out I can’t find my kets in my pockets so I check in the car, finding them on the seat. Then I buckle up and drive away. WITH THE GAS PUMP STILL ATTACHED AND RIP IT OFF THE MACHINE. End up having to pay $200 cash (even tho it looks like it pops right back on like a lego lol). So kids don’t go around belly laughing at cops misfortune

TLDR: gave myself bad karma by laughing at a cop driving away with the gas pump in, then did it myself and had to pay $200 /nObligitory mobile formatting, long time lurker, first time poster. TL;DR at bottom

I wasn't feeling too hot this morning so as a sweet gesture my husband offered to watch our 1 year old while I have a lie in. Normally this goes along without a hitch, they have breakfast and play together. I go downstairs after a while, give my son a cuddle and walk into the living room where my husband has this big shit-eating grin on his face.

I suspiciously ask what happened while he's surpressing a laugh. That's when I noticed in his hand is a bright red book. My son had ransacked our bookshelf, pulled this particular book out and handed it out to my husband. I'd like to point out that while not particularly hidden, this book was placed inconspicuously enough that it had gone over a year unnoticed by either of them and I'd even forgotten it was there.

I'm a pretty sentimental person and don't like to throw away certain things, and this book in particular was something I'd always cherished, but I knew I'd be mortified if someone other than myself took the time to read it.

So my sister and my stepbrother liked to play make believe games like every kid when we were around 10 or so, we were also huge fans of final fantasy X. Inside contained a detailed, written out narrative of the games we used to play, complete with illustrations and 10 year old style writing, all very fanfictiony. He's now sat in complete hysterics reading aloud the chapters from my childhood as I try not to die inside.

Tl;dr my son found a book containing a few of my childhood fanfiction stories, handed it to my husband who is now reading it aloud while I cringe.

Edit: https://www.dropbox.com/s/huty504expfxw4a/liliflower4s%20childhood%20book.pdf?dl=0
Here's a link to the whole first story for those curious. Enjoy my 10y/o mind

Edit 2: as its causing a bit of a debate, just wanted to clarify that I didn't 'let' my husband parent, we both do our fair share, it was perhaps poor wording on my part. Should have been more like 'TIFU, my baby revealed a deep secret of mine while he hangs out with his dad' /nThis happened yesterday, so if you're out there bus girl, I want you to know. It's not what you think. 

Yesterday after working a grueling shift at the old internet mines (I'm a network engineer). I got on the bus to go home just like always. Ahead of me in line is a young woman who is looking very pretty, she has red hair and a nice polka-dot blouse. I don't think much of it, but we end up sitting across from each other on the bus. I'm reading something that was on the front page but get the urge to look up and see her face. I had only seen the back of her head before. I glance up and to my delight, she is very pretty! Horray! I have seen one more pretty girl in the world than I did before. 

Except mid-glance she looks up at me. I realize I'm probably slack-jawed and not really paying attention. I look down. I don't really know why, I don't have a problem talking to girls. I have a long time girlfriend and I don't talk to very many women these days. 

I'm feeling a bit sheepish and awkward, so I glance up again for some reason. A second after I do - she looks up at me and catches me starring at her, or at least she thinks I'm starring at her.  She screws up her face a little bit. I'm not even that ugly, oh well. Twice in a row I've been caught slipping. 

None of this matters because the mid-way stop at the park-and-ride is coming up, and usually everyone gets off the bus here. She stands up as the bus stops and I breath in relief. I also stand up in search of a more comfortable seat (The bench seats that face each-other kind of suck). So I'm waiting for people to clear out, and people are getting off the bus. But on today of all days MUCH more people are getting on the bus, much more than usually. Must be a football game tonight or something.

She isn't getting off the bus. She sits by the window in a regular seat. I look around - all of the other seats are being filled quickly. I walk to the back of the bus, nothing. I look around, there is nothing. The universe's cruel game of musical chairs is playing "Creep" by Radiohead. I sit down next to her. She looks at me like a deer in the headlights and I think she is actually afraid.

Flash forward 10 minutes and I've moved seats as we are the only two people left on the bus. She is looking over at me regularly, probably making sure I'm not furiously masturbating or something.

Last stop. My stop. Her stop. Our stop. 

We get off the bus, she goes first and stars walking in my house's direction. We slowly walk together, for a few blocks, she keeps checking over her shoulder. She finally turns down a side-street and I think maybe I can relax now. I turn down my street. I breath a sigh of relief, finally the coast is clear and I don't feel like I'm stalking anyone. 

Then she appears, she clearly took a fake-turn to get away from me, and I met up with her on my road. 

She starts running up the steps to MY building and I'm freaking the fuck out like what is happening, am I actually stalking this girl?  I keep walking towards my building, I just want to go home.

She turns and yells at me from the stairs "Stop fucking following me fucking creep"

This is how I met my new neighbor. /nThis fuck-up happened almost half my lifetime ago when I was young, stupid, and still lived at home. 


For background, in high school I lived in a mostly finished basement room of my mom's house with a loft bed and a drop-ceiling. I also had a job that allowed horny teenaged me to amass a large trove of porn magazines and a small handful of videos on the sly.  

Envisioning myself to be a clever little shit, I stashed my ill-gotten gains by popping up a tile in the ceiling near my bed  and storing them in the gap between the drop ceiling and the actual ceiling.    
Being a lazy little shit who didn't want to use a ladder or stool to have to search more than one place for what I was looking for, I had everything stacked atop the same tile next to my bed.  
Eventually, the collection grew to the point where, if you knew to look for it, you could actually see that tile bowing, as it struggled valiantly under the weight of my wank bank.  


Time went on, I graduated, and prepared to move out to college. I had my doubts about the feasibility of bringing twenty plus pounds of porn with me, and besides, I had built my own PC at this point, so I left my hoard behind, assuming it would be as safe up there as it had always been.  

Fast forward almost a month when I get a phone call from my mom.  
"Hi LWVR", she says, sounding a bit bubbly, even for her cheery self.  
"Hi mom, how's it going?" I asked, wondering what was up.   
"Goood... listen, I was trying to clean the house up a bit to see if I can sell it, finish the basement, that kind of thing"   
"Yeah?" *The basement? Shit, I wonder if she found it*  
"and I went to take down the drop ceiling in your room," she continues, a wry tone in her voice.   
"fuck..." I whisper under my breath.  
"Something like that," she replies, still chipper. "turns out when I got about halfway down the room, I took one of the supports down and the whole rest of the ceiling and a lot of magazines just collapsed on top of me."  
"On top of you? Shit, are you alright?"  
"I'm fine, just don't think any of this will be here when you get back, and I thought you'd want to hear the story."  
"Sorry, mom..."  

And that's the story about how I lost my high school porn stash when it avalanched onto my mom along with half my ceiling, scaring the shit out of her, but leaving her ultimately uninjured.  
  
tl;dr: Op's Porn Pours over Parent./nLike others, and in conjunction with the title, this didn't happen today, but a few April Fool's ago.  But the story got passed around again at a family event so I figured I'd bring it here.

My in-laws, as well as my wife, are amazing people with great senses of humor.  So it's early on March 31st, the day before April Fool's day, and my in-laws are out of town.  My wife and I have to stop by their house to check on the dogs as my in-laws are due back the following day.  We start brainstorming about a fun joke we can play on them to come home to.

After a few of the run-of-the-mill April Fool's ideas (cellophane on the toilet etc.), my wife has a stroke of genius.  This was a couple years ago when AwkwardFamilyPhotos.com was gaining popularity and we loved to check the site out occasionally.  Well, now it would become the perfect April Fool's joke.  My wife, who is a graphic designer so this was an easy task, goes onto the site and starts printing as many 5"x7", 8"x10", and 12"x16" versions of different ridiculous photos as she can.  A family all in matching piano-key ties, two nudists sitting for a portrait holding cats on their laps, a family shot (no pun) where all five members, including the toddler, are holding rifles.  These are just a few of the probably 20-25 photos we replaced in their frames.  

We had done every picture frame on the entire first floor, and the 4 large ones on the wall of their bedroom.  The pictures of my in-laws, the whole family, and one of each of their daughters, is now 4 different versions of a horrific clown or mascot at a child's birthday party.  

Giddily happy about what we have done, we go back home and get a call on the way.  It's her parents.  The weather looks nasty so they are cutting their golf trip short by a day and are on their way home.  Not a big deal to us that its the day before, its still going to be a great gag.

Fast forward a few hours later and my wife's phone rings again, and its my mother-in-law.  We both move close to the phone to be able to give a rousing "April Fool's Day" and she answers it.  From the other end is inaudible and desperate yelling into the phone.  The only things we can make out are "someone broke in!", "there's someone in the house!", and "something something something pictures everywhere!"   It was still March 31st.  The possibility of an April Fool's Joke never crossed their mind.  

My wife, this is why I do love her, is now bent over on the phone trying not to pee her pants.  She can't even respond because she's laughing so hard that she can't breathe.  And her mother is yelling back through the phone "This isn't funny!!!"

She hands the phone to me and I ask her what happened.  But as she goes into it, I can hear my father-in-law in the background giving his address.  It clicks right away that he is on his phone with 911.  I now start panicking and am yelling, "Its an April fool's joke!  It was us!  It was us!"  

Her mom stops in her tracks, "It's a what?  A joke?  You did this?"  Upon hearing this, my father-in-law catches what we are saying, begins apologizing profusely to the dispatcher letting them know that this was the "unfortunate result of my daughter and her husband.  Yeah, well, I guess they thought this was funny."  

My in-laws, who again, are amazing, took a couple days before getting back in touch with us.  But once the dust settled, they laughed as hard as we did about it.  But the best part came later when my sister-in-law's boyfriend at the time, who worked as a detective in another town, called our local PD to inquire about the 911 call and see if he can get the tape.  When he told them what he was calling about, the officer responded with, "Oh, you mean the house with the killer clown pics?"

We never intended to scare my in-laws, just prank them.  But apparently my father-in-law had very recently watched a special about John Wayne Gacy.   For those who may not know, he was a serial killer known as the "killer clown" due to the fact that he dressed as "Pogo the Clown" and attended children's parties.  It was when he went into the bedroom and saw the clown pictures that my father-in-law apparently told his wife, "Get out of the house, someone is here and is going to kill us."

It's still the best April Fool's ever....

TL;DR:  My wife and I replaced all of the family photos in my in-laws house with photos from AwkwardFamilyPhtos.com as an April Fool's Day joke while they were away.  They came home a day before April 1, saw the pictures, and called 911 afraid that someone was in their house and planning their murder.  They forgave us a few days later.  




Edit:   Thanks to everyone who enjoyed the story. To answer a few, we did not get the tape but were able to get a written transcript of the call.   My wife and I now own that house where we did this and we have the transcript framed and hanging on the wall.  Great convo piece.  

Edit 2:   Grammatical mistakes pointed out by fun, laid-back people who I’d love to have at my next party.  

/nThis happened about five minutes ago. tl;dr @ bottom

While I was browsing around on reddit I realized that I had left my pistol laying out on the bed. I reached over and grabbed it, dropping the magazine with the push of a button. I still wanted to clear the round in the chamber, but then I got what has to be my *greatest* idea of the day.

"Wonder if I can eject the round and catch it in the air like they do in the movies."

So I jack the slide back and immediately let go. I instantly feel that this is dumb idea, but now it is too late. 

The long thin mark on my left thumb is kinda weird. It should fade in a minute or two. But the small chunk of flesh that got peeled back is going to take a while to grow back. 

tl;dr: Tried to catch a bullet moving in the air, moved the pistol slide through a chuck of flesh instead.

Pre-edit before the comments start coming in: Guns aren't toys. I'm a grown ass man that should know better. I received combat arms training while in the military. I'm not suicidal. There are no children in my home, and my roommate would never enter my bedroom without asking first. Unicorns are hard to ride, but even harder to catch since they don't exist. The pistol is legally owned, and I am in compliance with all state and federal laws. Mainly because "Don't be a dumbass" isn't on the books in my state. And, FFS, *GUNS AREN'T TOYS,* tales, *DID YOU FORGET YOUR TRAINING?!*

Edit: Because several people are asking how I managed this. The pistol is a Springfield XD, and the recoil spring is under a lot more tension than your common issue Baretta 92F. My grip on the slide was too far forward. And I clearly hadn't thought this through. This is TIFU, after all. Firearm held with right hand parallel to the ground, ejection port up. I at least managed to get that right. Then I pulled back on the top of the slide from "above" the slide (left of fire arm). I immediately let go of the slide, because to trick is you have to be quick, see? (*No, dumbass, the trick is to not view the gun as a toy.*) I'm pretty sure that the actual damage was done by the rear sight. ... The first step in trying this safely would be to cycle a full magazine through one at a time to get more comfortable with the operation and timing of round ejection. You know, incremental practice. 

Roommate has firearms of his own, we've gone to the range together. I've never had an accidental discharge, but my brother "lost" a .22 bullet once. He "found" it in the DVD player a few months later. Firearms can be fun, but you have to treat it like the small, self-contained death machine that it is. Favorite range story is from boot camp. We're told, "If you have a problem, raise your hand and keep the weapon pointed downrange." Dumbass has problem, raises hand and begins to turn toward the instructor with the weapon. He makes it to about 45 degrees from the way it should be pointed and the instructor pistol whips him, ending his time at the range. I would classify rhinos and narwhals as difficult to ride, not sure where I stand on if they're unicorns or not. I still have the "slide bite" scar from when I first fired a semi-auto pistol in the Boy Scouts. I think I was 14 at the time./nOk so today was a pretty normal day. I woke up at 7Am cleaned myself up, collected a kiss from my mum and went to school. Mum was ready for work too. School was fun, beside the never-changing fact, that this fat kid next to me in class just wont FREAKING stop eating and tear my nerves. So schools out, me going to the school bus, the buslady Telling me that i should wait here because my dad later picks me up for what ever reason she didnt know. So i waited. Finally he arrived, tells me to get in and just shut the fuck up. I was shocked didnt know what to say but did what he said. So he obviously was pretty pissed staring at the road didnt say anything at all. I said: dad.. he said:could you  JUST be quiet please...i said: ok...So we arrived at home and then i couldnt believe what i saw. I just  remembered that candlelight i forgot to kill, before going to school. My parents knew i always let the candlelight in my room on. And they knew.. 

The House was half Burned down with the firemen killing the Rest of the fire.

So how was your day?

Sorry for my english im not a native speaker

Cyae1 narrated it for me, thanks dude.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09OQjOYAquk


Sidenote : Actually  the same thing happened to a friend of mine a couple of years ago, two of his turtles and one or so cats caught fire and eventually died. But it wasnt his fault. It was his legless, depressed mum who I think let a cigarette on, and dropped in the kitchen and my friend picked her up, and then the flathome burned down or so.. im not sure though.
/nSo im in the shower singing along to an acoustic version of Sweet Child of Mine with Slash and Myles Kennedy. I reach for the bottle of shower gel, its almost empty but no biggy, il swing it a few times to force the remaints to the bottom of the bottle.

First swing... no shower gel.. second swing.. nothing. But its OK. IM A MAAANNNN, IM GONNA SWING THE SHIT OUTTA THIS BITCH...

So, grabbing the bottle by the end with both hands, I raise it above my head and swing down with all my strength... connecting sweetly with my flacid penis and saggy shower balls...

I spent the next five minutes bent over emmiting a queer shriek, which was somewhere between pain and laughter as i comprehended my own stupidity. 

TL;DR Shower gel bottle was empty... tried to force the last out..Swung it into my balls. /nThis happened a few days ago. 

So we have these neighbors who are very nice, well-mannered people, but to be frank I don’t know much about them. I caught wind that one of their sons, in his late 20s, has passed away tragically earlier this week after an accident. It remained unclear how exactly he died, and for some reason I didn’t ask - when my mother called me I was on a quick lunch break so I just gave one of those “okay, I’ll go pick up a card” responses. 

Even though I don’t know the parents well and don’t think I ever met the son who passed, I knew I should go to the wake at least and/or send a card. Now I had been working busy shifts between two different hospitals, like the kind of shifts where you only have time to eat dinner, shower, shit and shave before waking up for work again. So on my way to work I ran into a shop and grabbed the first sympathy card I saw without reading it. As stupid as this way, I figured I couldn’t go wrong with a sympathy card. I was wrong. 

When I arrived at the wake from work I filled out the card in the car, finally reading what it said, and I went inside to pay my respects and leave the card. Now at this point I saw my brother, who told me how the son had passed: he was sitting on his apartment window smoking and he fell several stories through the window. 

What did the card say? 

*When God closes a door, he opens a window* 

**TL;DR gave a card that said “when god closes a door, he opens a window” to a family whose son fell out a window.** 

EDIT: I shit, shower, then shave. I’m not a monster! 

EDIT 2: I didn’t get the card back; I just hoped they would look past it, and after all that expression is used often enough in grief that I’m sure they knew my intentions were good. 

EDIT 3: I know it’s a shitty card to give either way, but my family just gives cards for everything - it’s just our way of paying our respects. And what I wrote in the card hopefully made up for the card print being shitty. And I can’t prove that this isn’t made up but it just isn’t. It’s a mishap I decided to share with reddit, and it “reads like a joke” because I formatted it that way. /nSup pals?

The foundation to this fuck up happened about last week with the execution of it happening just a few days ago, but since it violates both the weekday rules, I had to bite my tongue and wait.

Anyways, down to brass tacks; I've been working odd hours to meet deadlines recently plus promoting a few parties for some side scratch, basically my sleep schedule has been completely fucked for the past couple months. Naturally my girlfriend, who sleeps like a normal human being for the most part, started getting a little bummed out recently on account that we are living on two different schedules. 

So, about 3 weeks ago she started trying to wake me up when she felt my 6 hour quota had been met to give us a few hours of quality time together before she went to bed. Very fair, but I'm also very deep sleeper, so she was very frustrated that she only got me out of bed a handful of times with the majority of those consisting of me roaming around the apartment like a husk with only one eye open for the first hour of consciousness. We had a talk about it, and I assured her that this wouldn't be forever, and I joked that if she really wanted to get me up maybe she should blow me into awareness. We laughed, made up, and the week pushed on. 

Fast forward to Thursday night, I'm in the strong embrace of an epic sleep, adventuring through the alternate reality that is my dreamscape when I feel this beautiful, warming sensation emanating from my loins, embracing my whole body, and I was so content, so happy, so relaxed until it was all shattered by a high pitched scream. A mixture of anger, complete horror, and utter disbelief which manifested itself into the words "WHAT THE FUCK!" Simultaneously, of a sudden my face is now being splashed with some luke warm mystery liquid, and a slightly warmer liquid is gently raining down everywhere. I snap awake and realize...

I just pissed in my girlfriends mouth, she spit that mouthful of piss in my face, and I'm now continuing to rain down a morning, or in this case evening wood sprinkle system-esque cascade of piss. Fuck. 

TL;DR: Asked my girlfriend to wake up with a blowjob and instead of waking up to a glorious orgasm, I filled her mouth with enough piss to make Bear Grylls flinch. 

EDIT: Thanks for the gold homie! I can't wait to tell my lady all the new reddit perks pissing in her mouth just afforded me! Perfect timing because just last night before we went out she told me I spend too much time browsing on here (I do)./nSo this happened a couple of hours ago.

Today had been a fantastic day. Had a final interview for a new job, went well and offered the position half an hour after leaving with an offer of more than what I asked for! Weather was stunning, birds were singing, it was a day of good vibes and the best of luck.

In the essence of celebration, the girlfriend proposed to finish work early and go to the beach to celebrate the new job and the glorious weather in one fell swoop! What could go wrong I hear you ask!?

Well.....here comes the fuck up you have been waiting for! I have spent most of the last 2 weeks driving and cooped up in a car. Whilst the girlfriend and her friend were lounging in the sun, I couldn't sit still so was throwing stones back in to the sea.

The other 2 attempted to join in to great amusement (trying and failing to match even half the distance of my throws) and this is where it went wrong.

The girlfriend started walking down the beach and I thought it would be funny to land a stone next to her and make her jump. The aim was perfect. And that's the problem, it was too perfect. Instead of just missing her, as soon as the stone left my hand I knew what was going to happen. As I yelled, knowing I had totally just fucked up, she turned round to watch the stone flying in her direction, directly at her. It was too late. The deed was done. The stone connected straight with her funny bone and bruising and swelling was instant. Feeling in her arm disappeared and just left a searing pain coursing through her arm.

Fortunatly nothing was broken and she is joking about it now (its her funny bone! Its funny right!?) Needless to say, I feel incredibly guilty and know this will never be lived down......

TL;DR went to beach to celebrate and almost broke my girlfriend's arm throwing a stone at her/nLike usual, this didn't actually happen today, but a while ago. 

My first job was working at a local pizza place, it was really chill to the point where it was pretty common for employees to be drunk and/or high while on the clock. One night, I (as the youngest on shift) was left to mop up the back room while everyone else was chilling on the patio for a bit since we were pretty much done for the night. Its pretty late at this point so I'm trying to fill up the bucket so I can start, and I see a couple of the many spray bottles we have lying around that are always full of some really mild cleaning solution. I was impatient and figured our mild cleaning solution would be fine mixed with bleach (which is what we were using on the floor) so I dumped the bottles in in an effort to fill the bucket faster.

Buckets full, dump in bleach, begin to mop.

A few minutes in, I start to notice that I'm feeling a bit lightheaded and nauseous, but I figure its just because I've been working for almost eight hours at this point without an actual break.

It's been probably 20 minutes or so since I was sent back to mop so one of my coworkers came back to check on me and they immediately noticed something was wrong, yell something about the smell. Mutual realization that something is definitely Wrong. Check the bottles, turns out I accidentally managed to find the one solitary bottle of vinegar thats used to scrub the oven and dumped that in with my bleach, thus making chlorine gas. Ended up having to air out the entire restaurant for probably 40 minutes. Luckily my manager thought it was kind of funny and was glad I didn't accidentally kill us.

tl;dr accidentally waged chemical warfare in restaurant kitchen



edit: a lot of people are saying something along the lines of "never mix cleaning products dumbass!" yeah i know i passed high school chemistry too; i was a tired 17 year old and i thought i was adding hella diluted dish soap (which i had seen be added before with absolutely no ill effects), not the one singular spray bottle of vinegar/n**Here is a link to the previous post:**

https://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/9kuza2/tifu_by_spending_300_on_laundry_update/?st=JMTRY5LY&sh=dfa43b4c


So it's over and good news, got the charge fully refunded. LESSON LEARNED!! I thought it was a little suspicious the manager completely ignored my questions about filling out a pricing form and my lack thereof, so I emailed her again and was more adamant she tell me what their normal process was and why I wasn't given a form. Here was the response:

*Our typical laundry procedure do involve the laundry slip that displays the prices of the laundry services. Typically guest put the laundry slip in the side the laundry bag they give to the front desk. It is a tear away receipt and 1 copy is for the guest and 1 is for the dry cleaning company.*
 
*I sincerely apologize for the miscommunication and in efforts to Make It Right, we will remove the entire amount from your bill. I have credited back $308.51 to Visa X, please allow  three to five business days to reflect.*

So that's that!! I've honestly never contested something before, or tried to get my money back, or even really ever complained about anything, so it's a strange feeling. I don't like that they probably hate me, but I did what I had to. I'm glad I did it, both because I got the money back and because I feel a bit more assertive, which is something I definitely need to work on. Thanks for all the support and advice because without it, I definitely would not have been confident enough to stand up for myself. 

All right, time to go celebrate!! The hotel I'm staying at offers a free mini bar in the room, so I'm going to pour myself a few drinks!!

Cheers!!


(That was a joke.....)



**TL;DR:** I thought hotel laundry was complimentary. 'Twas not. Racked up a $300 bill but fought it and got my money back. /nOk, strap in, its kind of a long one.

&#x200B;

Note: This happened around 15 years ago.

&#x200B;

Alright, so when I was around 14/15 (can't remember exactly), I got kicked out of school for about 6 months. I had it shit at home and was a total shit at school. I was working for a labor-hire company where id be sent off to work different jobs every day. One day I got sent to the contractor that washed all the clothing for the entire fire department in my country. I was there for a few days actually. They were pretty chill. They had this bucket of the pants that firefighters where day to day, not the full on firefighting gears, but just blue and made of 'heat retardant' material. In other words, the melt rather than burn (ill get to this later, its important). Turns out these pants were no good and they were being thrown out. More likely a rip or torn seam than a defect in the material (but this really didnt matter). So i asked if i could have some, they were nice enough to let me take afew pairs home. On my way home I decided i was going to use them to make a video. Id set my self-alight with the 'heat retardant' pants on, show all my friends, and they'd think its awesome. Yes, i was a big fan of Jackass. I got a few friends together, one of whom had a camera and they were keen to be involved. I also picked up a polyester ski suit from the local thrift store for few bucks thinking it would protect me abit more (yes, i know, im a fucking idiot, and yes it made it worse, we'll get to that).

&#x200B;

So now we are at D-Day. Behind my school, there was a huuuuge plot of undeveloped land. It was mainly soil and clay, not a drop of water in sight. If we had chosen to do this by the nearby lake, I wouldn't be typing this right now. Why we decided to shoot it on this plot of land i dont recall, maybe cause it looked cool? i dont even know. Anyway, we found this gaint mount of soil/clay. It was rock solid so we could stand on it no trouble, next to it was a smaller one. The plan was that i would be set alight, jump into the smaller mound of softer soil and my friends would help cover up the fire with soil. Really didnt play out that way. By this point, i had my polyester ski suit on with the 'heat retardant' firefighter pants on underneath. I was ready to go. Now, we had afew different accelerants to help us get a huge fire straight away. The first was turpentine, the second was no more nails glue, and i think possibly methylated spirits. The accelerants were put on my legs.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Suit on!

Pants on!

Accelerants on!

Go!

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

My friend lit the match and away we went, i stood there for a second and everyone was cheering, then the fire starting hitting my face (this took about 5 seconds to go from my legs to face). I panicked, jumped from the first mount to the second and the fire went out almost instantly. Ive since trying to analyze how it all happened. On the first jump my legs were only covered by the accelerants on the front, on the second time we applied more and it went round to be back of my legs. Meaning I couldn't just shove them in a pile of soil cause the back of my legs were on fire now too.Second time. This is where it all when real bad. Again, my friend lit the match. We used more accelerant this time cause we wanted to make a really 'cool' video. Instantly i remember the fire being more aggressive. It was lapping at my eyebrows and i reeeeaaaally started to panic. It was also all over my back too. I jumped into the soil, it barely did anything. So, naturally, i started running around like an idoit. I know this is the stupidest thing you can do but instinct took over. Ive watched a buuunch of video of people doing the same 'stunt' and they all run like idiots. I was in serious trouble at this point. My friends had to forcibly tackle me to the ground and repeat over and over 'stop, drop and roll'. The narrative that my parents gave me from that day on is that none of those people were my friends cause the let me do something like that. Although I dont know any of them anymore, id argue that they were, at that moment, quite the contrary, heroic even. It was my idea and choice anyway. Eventually, the fire was extinguished. It felt like i was on fire for about 3 minutes but realistically it was probably around 50-70 seconds. Long enough to spend some serious time in the hospital.

&#x200B;

Ok, the aftermath. The fire was out. The adrenaline in my body was racing so fast that I really couldn't feel much. I took off the remains of the firefighters pants (which at this stage was a plastic mess), the ski suit. I looked down at my legs and they were fucked. It took about 2 minutes until they swelled up like balloons. Im not even exaggerating, the affected areas had grown and 5 inches away from the rest of my skin. I started going into shock. There was a moment where no one knew what to do. At first, they suggested that i go home and have a cold bath and ill be ok. There was a party that night that i thought i was still going to hahahahaha. Next to this plot of land was a gym. One of my friends ran to the gym ahead of us while we walked there to ask for help. The guy came running back, i remember his name was Blair. He rushed me into to locker rooms and put me under a cold shower. It didnt take long before alot of staff were there helping out. By this stage, i was going in and out of consciousness, my friend was sitting next to me holding my hand and crying 'please dont die'.Eventually, an ambo showed up and i was put on a stretcher and we started racing down the motorway. They decided to take me to a hospital which was aggees away from my local one because that hospital had a much better burns unit. Once we got there, my parents were there and i could see they were pissed. But that quickly turned into concern once they figured out how bad it was.

&#x200B;

In total, i spent a month (exactly) in hospital. There were some parts of it id rather not remember. Ironically, the event of being on fire itself wasnt the most traumatic thing of all. I remember i had to go to the 'burns bath'. This is after they have taken off all the burnt skin and you have to go wash the exposed flesh, bones, and muscles underneath. Seeing that fucked me with for sure. Another awful thing that happened in the hospital is I had a bad reaction to a drug called midazolam (often gets used for date rape), essentially I started tripping balls, seeing monsters and reliving the event which had got me there in the first place. Not fun, but how were they to know id react like that. Also, the skin graph process, where they take skin from one part of your body and place it over the burns, that was rough. The worst physical pain throughout the entire period of time was getting the graph sites cleaned. Holy hell, so much worse than actually being on fire. After getting out of the burns unit it returned back to normal life (kind of). I had to wear these crazy pressure garments that compress your legs so the burns heal naturally. I wore them for about 2 years. Apparently, each pair was 6k and were made in California. There was a physio that would come and see me every week to help me to some of the most painful stretches ive ever had to do. I saw a counselor to get over the trauma, which was really helpful.

&#x200B;

My legs are now pretty gnarly looking, admittedly it took me some time to get used to 'my new look', but the burns are a part of my life now and we go everywhere together. They are a constant reminder of the learnings of that time period. Sometimes when i go swimming at the beach (seldom), young kids come up and ask what happened. I always say it was a shark, but then i tell them the truth so they dont do the same stupid shit it did. Incidentally, i was featured on one of the nations biggest current affairs shows. Their spin was about teens imitating shows like Jackass. I hated the angle they went for but now I think its totally fair.A few years ago i saw the guy who lit the match at a party (who ive never harbored any malice towards, again my idea, my responsibility). He started crying, telling me about how much guilt he'd experienced as a result of it. It was an amazing opportunity for me to tell him how ive never ever blamed him and that we were just kids being dumb. We just didn't know the full extent of the risks. The whole thing did keep me out of school for 3 months longer than intended. But that made me pretty happy, I stayed at home with my Mum watched a lot of rom-com movies. Which to this day I still enjoy because of that season of our lives.

&#x200B;

I'm eternally grateful my friends, the gym staff, every single medical professional that helped me and of course my Mum for being there for me when I was recovering. If I've said anything here that remotely sounds like im complaining or resentful that this happened, I apologize. I take full responsibility for this. It was a really important life event for me cause it taught me the value of consequence. At home, i never have consistent consequences. It was either a hiding from dad or being let off the hook by Mum. This whole saga taught me so much about life, being human, and gave me a totally new perspective. I cant think of anything but gratitude for what happened. That being said, I strongly advise against being an idiot around a fire (source: my life)

&#x200B;

TL;DR : Set myself on fire, spent a month in the hospital and now scared for life.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT: Holy crap, thanks for all the love guys. Plus the Gold and Silver, bless you.

&#x200B;

I just wanted to address a few things if I may

&#x200B;

* Yes, I did something really dumb, but it massively shaped my life for the better. I did have an abusive upbringing (like alot of people have, i know im not unique there), didnt finish any levels at school but am currently doing my third qualification out of school. I dont say this to boast at all but just to outline doing something dumb doesnt mean your a DUMBBOI for the rest of your life, or maybe it does, i dont really know anymore. Yep, i was an idiot, and i dont consider myself to be the brightest spark even these days but I think it what you take from life events is far more important than the events themselves
* As im sure you can tell, im not great with grammar, soz
* As several people have asked: I have lucky to have my penis fully intact, no burns and fully operational
* Why do people keep asking if my arms are broken?
* For those asking about the video, to the best of my knowledge its gone. My father (who i no longer have contact with) asked the guy who filmed it to delete it. I believe he has done so but ill never know for sure. FYI Ive never seen the footage
* I reeeeeaaly wasnt keen on showing photos but after reading all of your comments. 95% of them are really encouraging and have put emphasis on me doing what I want to do. Ironically that have given me the confidence to post them. So, after sleeping on it ill take the leap out of my comfort zone.
* Heres the photos: [https://unsee.cc/82181533/](https://unsee.cc/82181533/) (note: the Mum tattoo on my upper thigh is part of a larger tattoo which has all my families birthdates, I am constantly forgetting birthdays so i got them tattooed so i always have them with me)

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT 2: I have been informed about the broken arms thing. Jesus..... christ.......

EDIT 3: I'm working on a new link. Current one seems fucked

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

EDIT 4: [https://imgur.com/a/RDDP4hT](https://imgur.com/a/RDDP4hT)/nSo I have issues with sleep. I can never seem to fall into it at the correct time. 

After a nice Christmas trip visiting my family, during which I slept very poorly, I got back home and decided to have a couple friends for New Year's Eve. Like me, they didn't have any plans so it seemed like an ideal situation for a small get-together. I bought champagne and snacks in preparation for being a good host.

One of my friends didn't get off work until 8 and they live about a half-hour away. Adding that to traffic I figured they'd get to me at around 9pm. I had a few drinks. At about 7pm I laid down for a power-nap as I was running on about 3 hours of sleep from the night before. I set an alarm on my phone for 7:30.

Fast-forward to 5:00 am. I wake up, get my bearings, and go "Oh no..."

They showed up, didn't have a place to park (I would have moved my car into the garage had I been, you know, awake and not a stupid dick) and tried calling me a total of ten times.

Not a peep from me as I was apparently dead to the world during all of this. 

Still don't know what they ended up doing. I have a lot of apologizing to do as they drove 45+ minutes to come out to see me planning to spend the night. I feel fucking terrible. 

TL;DR- I left my friends high and dry on New Year's Eve because I wanted a nap.

**UPDATE: They aren't mad, just happy that I'm okay. I'm hauling my champagne over to them for mimosas over brunch.**

**UPDATE: We had a great New Year's day drinking and couch-sitting. Thanks to all who wished us well, it turned into one of my favorite New Year's ever.**/nYou see, when given a lighter, combustible material, a lighter, and boredom, what do you expect me to do? Well, spraypaint burns, and styrofoam does too. I'm not sure what ticked in my mind, but I decided to spray paint this huge block of styrofoam and set it alight to see what happens, being the manchild I am.

For those you who do not know, the material used to make styrofoam, when combined with oil, is essentially making napalm, unbeknownst to me.

It caught on fire very quickly, but didn't seem like anything too serious until several seconds. In less than a minute, this flaming block of styrofoam from hell is not only blazing out of control, but completely fills the garage with black smoke even with the garage door open. I almost choked before running out as I watched my friends garage get consumed by the abyss. The fire went on for ridiculously long.

When the garage finally aired out enough to go back in, I was greeted by a burned mess of black shit melded to the garage floor. Hopefully he won't notice. I really should have done this outside.

TL:DR Accidentially performed vietnamese war tactics using household materials in a safe, intelligent manner./nLet me preface this by saying I did not fuck my dad. I think the rule is 3 pumps right? Kidding, anyways.. 

I’ll start by saying I am in a very religious family, or at least my parents are, where they believe nobody should have sex until marriage. Fair enough, I guess. I, on the other hand, do not believe that. 

My parents immigrated to Canada when I was very young so we grew up very different. 

So I was the first daughter in the family to go to college. It’s not necessarily a huge accomplishment but for my family it is, as females generally do not attend school (rarely even high school) where I am from. 

So I go to college and it’s not like I’m racking up the kills, but I experiment a little as I was very shy growing up. I also learned that I’m supposed to shave my pubic hair? I never was comfortable talking about sex with my friends growing up so it was news to me.The guy actually didn’t make a big deal of (what my close friend referred to as a bush) it but acted surprised so ended up talking about it. Anyways I started shaving my pubes no big deal. 

I continued to be somewhat promiscuous and a one night stand turned into be me getting herpes. Awful, but the medication I take now really suppresses my symptoms and makes it very unlikely to pass it to others. Apparently not. 

Let’s skip to me coming home for Christmas during my 3rd year at school. A boy I had a crush on in high school was going to be at a party I was going to. I was given somewhat late notice and only had a couple hours to get ready. I figure who knows what’s going to happen, but I’ll give all my areas a good touch up. 

I realize I don’t have any razors at home so I use a disposable one of my father’s. FUCK I’m rushing and I cut myself a little. I go to the party, we don’t hook up, no big deal. 

A couple months go by and I get a Skype call from my mom (she refuses to get an iPhone). She’s hysterically crying and she’s moving back to our home country. My parents are getting a divorce. I have no idea what happens but she gets interrupted with another call and says she’ll call me back. 

My parents have been together since they were both 18 and I’m freaking out. I FaceTime my dad. He answers and his face is covered in a rash. He’s telling me he has herpes, but he never cheated and has no idea how this happened. We talk for awhile and I’m confused and mad and don’t know what to believe. 

It takes me 2 full weeks to realize this could have been me. By this time my mom has actually flown home to stay with her sister. I start googling things and realize this is a possibility, and that the herpes could have been dormant so he didn’t have symptoms instantly. 

The dilemma: There’s a lot of moving parts to this. My parents do not think I’m sexually active and it would be a big disappointment to admit this let alone say I have herpes. Maybe my dad cheat I don’t know. Ok he didn’t cheat fuck I have to tell them. 

Long story short, I tell them, my mom moves back and I didn’t entirely ruin my family. It took a lot more work than this makes it seem but that is how I gave my dad herpes.

TL;DR I gave my dad herpes by sharing a razor I forgot I left in our family shower.

EDIT: First of all, thanks for all of the kind words and support there are some great people out there. 

Second, the disposable razor was not used prior, and was with like 10 others under our sink. So I used it and forgot it in the shower. I was used to living alone and just forgot. 

There are 1000 different ways I could have handled it but this is what my mind had decided on at at the time. Also, I had told my parents I had gotten it from my roommate (wasn’t exactly sure how) and it must have been a similar situation through shared toiletries. No idea if they bought it or not but we have not talked about it again. 

Lastly, for everyone calling me a hoe and whatever. That’s cool I really don’t care. But in the wise words of Adele Givens “I wanna cum motha fuckkaaaaa”/nObligatory this didn't happen today, it was actually a few weeks back. 

So I am a 17 year old boy, and like most 17 year old dudes I have moderate acne that I constantly have to deal with. Nothing crazy, but just enough to make me buy cheap anti-acne facial exfoliating pads. The things work, but due to whatever is in them they sting a little when applied and leave a very slight lingering burning sensation. I keep these on my special hygeine shelf in my room, right next to my toothbrush, toothpaste, hair gel, and deodorant.

Oh, and also my hemorrhoid pads.

Recently​ I gave myself a hemorrhoid by shitting too hard or however it is you get hemorrhoids, and it has been the worst experience of my life. You know how when you get bit by a mosquito you have an intense itch, and the more you scratch the worse it gets? Imagine that.

X 1000.
On your asshole.

So the only relief I have been able to find has been these pads that you apply to said area, as a reactive treatment to the itching. There is also a cream, that you are supposed to lather on a mini dildo-thing and insert into your butt. 

So, here's the FU. While doing desk work in my room, I casually reached to scratch said itch, not thinking twice. Well, as I said, it slowly got worse and worse until I was furiously tearing at my jeans. I have never itched that bad in my life. Suddenly remembering the pads, I sprung out of the chair and frantically unscrewed the lid and grabbed a handful of pads. I also took the little dildo thing, wanting full release from this hell that was my turd tunnel, and used the pad to continue scratching not only the outside, but INSIDE of my ass.

Normally there is a slight burning feeling, then the soothing effect takes hold and I continue on with my day.

This was not to be.

You see in my frantic scramble for relief, I had accidentally grabbed the  acne facial exfoliating pads. My anus felt like someone had poured molten copper in/around it. It is the most painful sensation I have ever experienced. I immediately fell to the ground, screaming in pain and doing my best to find relief to no avail.

Well, all of my screaming alerted my mother, and she burst into my room to find me lying naked on the ground with a mini black dildo in my asshole, screaming in pain.

TL;DR- I mixed up my exfoliating alcohol acne pads and my hemorrhoid pads, and used an acne pad on the interior of my asshole, which resulted in the most painful experience I have endured in my life.

Edit: Grammar/nIn typical TIFU fashion, this didn't take place today, but rather a decade ago.
 I was a very small child at this time, on around seven or eight. Me and my sister's were playing a game in my room. We then shut the door, only to realise that it locks from the outside. Without noticing that the lock mechanism had been active, I shut the door, trapping my sisters and I inside. We screamed for our parents once we realised it was locked. They came and opened the door to see what was going on, and walking into the room. 

Now for the actual screw up. 

Like a complete moron, I forgot about the situation that happened LESS THAN FIVE MINUTES AGO, and proceeded to shut the door with the lock still active. This trapped our whole family inside my room.

 We spent 3 hours in that room, unsure what to do, as my parents left their phones in the kitchen. After 3, grueling and miserable hours, we have the genius idea to scream out the window at random strangers on the sidewalk. This took place in the middle of the night, so we had very little hope. We were in the second floor and couldn't just jump out. To our complete shock and surprise, we grab someone's attention, and they come into our house to let us out. It was pretty terrifying having a random stranger in your house, but thankfully this person had no malevolent intentions. 

This is a story from my childhood, and I just thought I'd share it with you all, so you could have a laugh.

TL;DR: I was playing a game with my sisters, and locked us inside not once, but twice, only to have random stranger enter our home to help us.

EDIT: HOLY CRAP FRONT PAGE!/nThis happened yesterday. I am lactose and fructose intolerant which basically means that my body can't handle these types of food very well, so generally I try to avoid such foods, but you gotta give yourself a treat once in a while, don't you?

So the night leading to yesterday I had large appetite and decided to grant me a giant bowl of oatmeal with milk and slices of banana and in the morning I still felt great. That changed drastically on the way to work though as I realized I was bloating up like a balloon. Being a nice guy, I don't fart in public with other passengers near so by the time I arrive at work, I feel like a cramping zeppelin... But fate was on my side as my whole team, except me, was scheduled for a meeting and oh my did I anticipate the alone time to get at least some relief...

On a side note: For those of you who think "why doesn't he go to the bathroom and farts there or take a dump?" It doesn't work like that for me. Building up massive amounts of gas doesn't mean I need to take a crap and if I need to fart, that urge is most likely gone by the time I reach the bathroom and even if I made it in time, one fart is just the tip of the iceberg.

So finally everyone left the office and I decided to let a little one go, just to estimate the impact of the forbidden food and what seemed not so bad the first 4 seconds hit me like unimaginable horror... Toxic mustard gas refinery seemed like an appropriate label for my bum.

I decided to get as many out in a short amount of time, having enough time to open the windows and get rid of the evidence of my seemingly rotting insides before my colleagues came back.

As I was sitting there in shame, contaminating the air around me, I hear steps of high heels approaching... Ok, it's my female boss but she shouldn't have any business visiting me in my office so I should be safe... Wait, these aren't just steps of one woman, it must be 2. Then it hit me: today our new female colleague is going to be introduced to our team...

As I hear them chatting and getting closer, I desperately try to wave the smell away and pressed my butt on the chair to keep the last bomb from releasing it's full nuclear power, praying they will notice the office is empty and don't even get to my room. Of course I was wrong.

They entered the office of my team and approached me while smiling... I start to sweat, my heart is pounding, I'm screwed and as I have to stand up to shake her hand, the invisible horror spreads and their smile disappears in a split second. My boss even holds her nose and asks: what on earth is that smell?!

By that time my life is obviously over. I made some comment like it must have been something from outside, but I hadn't opened the windows yet. They saw through my lie right away, she introduced herself quickly and they both literally fled, leaving me behind full of shame, guilt and embarrassment. I rarely wanted to go back in time so desperately...

TLDR: Assumed the office was empty, released the most foul farts humanity has ever faced, only to have my female boss introducing my new female colleague to me while the stench was at its peak.

Edit: Not sure if this post blowing up like my bowels is compassion or mocking 🤔

Edit 2: 
Thanks for all the kind / funny replies and the silver and gold (will do some research on what I can do with that right away).

Here's some more information:

- I love oatmeal with milk and banana since I was a child. I could eat that 3 times a day (for those of you wondering why oatmeal is a treat for me)

- lactose free milk / pills / enzymes haven't worked for me yet.

- there were no consequences, boss and colleague today acted like it never happened.

- telling them the truth would have been the better choice but I was panicking.

- yes i could have used oat milk or water but lately small amounts of milk products seemed to have been handled fine by my body so i thought i was ready / healed./nThis was years ago, but the cringe is still oh so real. 

As a 19 yr old I worked at a summer camp for kids in the mountains of BC. During the camp sessions we worked hard and slept hard and the day the campers left the big group of hippie staff would clean up camp, nap, and then get dressed up in costume and head to the local watering hole to blow off steam. 

Camp sessions were long and exhausting, so our end of session pub trips were rather epic. Being a big group of free spirited hippies we would dress in costume to go out and consume our herbal and alcoholic mind alterants, much to the bemusement/annoyance of the locals. This specific night I rummaged through the camp costumes and found a delightful little tutu and some leather belts and plastic chains to tie myself up in. I am a hairy bearded long hair 220 lb 6'3 dude, so me in a child's tutu and leather restraints was quite the sight. I drank and i drank and i drank and eventually ended up flirting and getting close with one of the female camp staff. After the pub the whole group went down to the river to play guitars and smoke some grass. My new found lady friend and i snuck off into the woods and started drunkenly making out. But then the skies opened up and the rain totally cock blocked me. So we joined the crew and headed back to camp to chill in the staff room and eat snacks and generally cause drunken chaos. Because of the rain and the shared dorms, my friend and i decided we would wait until the next day to try to continue our makeout session, and we flopped on the couch and hung out with the group. At some point in there i fell asleep. 

Some hours later i woke up to the sounds of children... Oh shit. I didnt dare open my eyes to see who was there. I was pretty sure it was the conservative christian camp director and her five young children who live on site.  I lay there, on my back, frozen in place with my eyes closed. And then some kind soul put a blanket over me and i realized wtf was going on with my penis. 

Most warm blooded penis holders will know the feeling of inspired morning wood. The kind of boner left over from a night of sexual buildup that has spent a sleep cycle or two building up pressure and rising to its most glorious state. I could have cut glass with my dick that morning. 

And i was lying on my back, in a child's tutu, wrapped in leather and chains, in the middle of family breakfast time. 

As the kind soul lay the blanket over me i could feel it tenting around my throbbing manhood and even the embarrassment of the moment couldn't change my uncomfortable state. I quickly thought through my options. Getting up to leave didnt seem possible. Staying still just continued the problem. So i faked still asleep and rolled onto my side facing the back of the couch. 

Next came one of the more uncomfortable couple hours of my life as the director and her family ate breakfast, and some of the senior staff, nurses and such filtered through the room. 

Eventually it was quiet and i could get my sexy ass out of there, into the shower, and into bed. 

The camp director never mentioned it to me, but i never looked her in the eye the same again.

TLDR: got costumed and drunk and ended up lying on my back rocking a boner, in a child's tutu, wrapped in leather and chains, in the middle of family breakfast time. /nObligatory "this happened a while ago, not actually today."

On this particularly beautiful day, my girlfriend and I had decided to celebrate our recent move to a new town, and my new job. We went to the first place we thought of, Chili's. Why? I don't know. Don't judge us.
As I'm sure it happens with many of us, Chili's has a way of...cleansing the body. For whatever reason, it was not agreeing with me that day. Not even five minutes into the drive home, my guts dropped. Not just a little, either. I was about to burn a hole through my seat.

Sensing my urgency, my girlfriend decided that she wasn't going to play nice. To this day, I don't know what possessed her to impede my inevitable and foul journey to the land of porcelain, but she did. I unlocked our door and went up the steps two at a time, carefully managing the muscles in my ass to ensure that I didn't...give away my position. My girlfriend was also on her way up the stairs behind me, and I'm not trying to catch a manslaughter charge if she passed through a cloud of that.

I was two steps into the living room when she called to me, likely from the pits of hell in which she came. "Judoka! Come back real quick!" She hissed. Being the loving man that I am, I turned around. She made it to the top of the stairs and I watched her mouth curl into a smile. "I love you!" She cheered, way too excited for the situation. She wrapped her arms around me and hugged me.

"Alright. I love you, too." I replied as I began to turn back towards the bedroom and bathroom door. She didn't let go. In fact, she tightened her grip. Why was this happening to me? "Darlin, let me go. I have to poop. NOW!" I said, with strong urgency in my voice. She merely laughed in response.

I've been doing martial arts for a long time. Taekwondo, Karate, Boxing, Kickboxing, Brazilian Jiujitsu, and JUDO. I was a cop and a correctional officer. I had to escape. How did I escape before my bowels did the same?

I tucked my arm in close and squeezed it up between my chest and hers, and quickly snaked over her arm and grabbed a hold of her tricep. As I took a step back towards the bedroom door, I pulled her with me. She was off balance, as is necessary for a good Judo throw, in this case, a modified tsurikomi goshi. My other arm went up behind her and grabbed her shoulder. I flared my elbow out to lift her arm and start some rotation, furthering her off balance. At the last second, I dropped my hips under hers and popped my ass backwards, completing the throw.

She landed squarely on her back, and I heard the air leave her lungs, but I didn't turn around. I had a mission to accomplish, and she made the unfortunate mistake of standing between me and my dignity.
Sorry, darlin. She didn't talk to me for almost a week after that.

TL;DR - I ate bad food, had an immediate need for bowel evacuation, my girlfriend impeded me, and was judo tossed to the ground for her infraction upon my dignity.

EDIT: Not that this is still relevant, but I would like to let everyone know that the entire point of this is that I hiptossed my girlfriend, which is wrong, and rightfully caused a brief period of strife between us. Let's calm down now and move along with our lives./nSummer time in the upper Midwest, I'm chilling at home when I get a call from some friends that they don't have a way home from some event in the cities, and I'm their only way back. Sure, I'll come grab you guys I guess. Gotta clean out my car though so everyone can fit. Garbage bag full of crap, last thing is two 24 packs of pop, Mountain Dew and Pepsi that are variably full. 

I think to myself that the warm temperatures probably aren't good, and I reach in and grab a can of Pepsi. I notice the bottom of the can is not concave...but instead convex, bulging outward. Woah, never seen something like that. I'm curious as to how much pressure it is under, and want to see Pepsi shoot outward. So standing at about the drivers side back door facing away from the front of the car, I hold the can horizontal and go to open it. I slowly start pulling the tab back, and the very next instant, I am coated with a fine mist of Pepsi and the can is no longer in my hand. I look behind me, the whole side of my car and my drivers side inside window is coated in a fine mist (as I had that door open not thinking it would be affected). I see about twenty feet behind me a torn open can, like someone cut it nearly in half with a knife, literally bone dry on the inside. The pressure was so high that literally every single last particle of Pepsi vacated the can. 

Not fun trying to wipe down smearing Pepsi mist on windows while it's closing in on 100F while I've gotta hurry to meet friend people (who ended up not even being grateful). 

TL;DR: Opened a highly pressurized can of Pepsi just to have it shoot out of my hand and coat everything in the near vicinity in a fine sticky mist. /nTLDR at the end ;)


Okay so all you ladies will get me, but I’ll explain a little bit for the guys out there... It was my “last” day on my period. I was kinda spotty but I didn’t really have a flow. I was debating whether or not to even wear a tampon. We (friends, cute boys and I) we’re going to boat all day so a panty liner was not an option. It took me a while to decide what to do. I went back and forth between wearing no tampon and just hopping in the water as often as possible or just having to deal with pulling a dry tampon out later. It sounds stupid but I was debating this forever. (Dry tampons suck)

Flash forward a few hours and we’re cliff jumping off the red rocks. I ended up jumping off at 50 ft for my highest jump. I was having a blast.

Flash forward another few hours and we stopped at the store by the docks. I went to the bathroom to pull... out... my dry tampon?? To make sure I wasn’t... too... spotty?? I couldn’t remember if I put one in, but there wasn’t a string so I figured I never put one in.

Flash forward another 8 hours and, to my horror, I can feel a rounded cotton bit shoved up my vagina. It’s deep in there. And when I say deep, I mean, I can barely reach it with my MIDDLE finger (sorry for the visual.) I’m panicking trying to drag this heffer out, but the stress, dryness and deepness? made it really hard to make a successful excavation. So I called the only other girl in our carpool to meet me in the bathroom.

Flash forward about 20 minutes and I’m on all fours of a gas station bathroom floor, with a friend (I haven’t known more than a week) palm deep with rubber dish gloves up my va-jay-jay fishing for a rotten, dry, painful tampon.

Had some good laughs about it, but I do NOT plan on wearing a tampon cliff jumping again

TLDR: forgot I had a tampon in and cliff jumped so it forcefully got stuck up my hoo-ha/n...to fucking Harvard.

So, I found out I fucked up about an hour ago. My mom had to tell me because I'm such a fucking idiot. I was all excited about finishing my application, so I sent it to her. I'm applying for a position in this neurogenetics lab at Harvard Medical School. I spent all weekend and most of today finalizing my CV and cover letter. There were some formatting issues, I think because of the downloaded font I was using, which made the document on my computer look different than the emailed version. Because of this, I didn't see that my highly profane, stream of consciousness, sorta high ramblings from last week (rough drafts), were still on the page, yet to be deleted..the kind of rough drafts that you never fucking show anybody-especially your extremely Christian mother and Dr. Person from Harvard Medical School. 

But, because I'm an idiot and didn't notice the extra pages at the bottom of my screen, Dr. Person will likely not be choosing me as his next lab technician. I'll post some of the finer points below here in a second.

**TL;DR: sent my dream job's boss my notes - including "science is all around us,"- and other super insightful shit.**

------------------------------------------------------------------
My girlfriend's favorite bit: "My main goal in life is to be sciencing for a long time. Specifically as a neuroscientist. However, the exact place I’ll be working/what I’ll be doing remains to be seen. Maybe research it like this, maybe like that. I feel as though I am good at science and want to do science. So, it seems like a good match."

Another: "Also, I know that a lot of the science in the brain is controlled by genes. You likes genes. So, it seems like a good match. You should hire me. I really want this job. I really want to go to Hahvad."

Fuck me: "My time working with Dr. [advisor] has been hella helpful. I’ve learned a lot about lab work, responsibility, integrity, integration, synergy, widescale growth, etc…working with others, meeting deadlines…something focus. Also while working as his lab TA I learned hella shit about helping people. I’m super nice, wanted to be a teacher and shit.
Plus im fast and I like skateboards. And I know lots about science.chemistry, biology, information, swag. Also I’m the founding vice president of the [school] Neuroscience Club."

IV: "I am fascinated with understanding higher level cognitive areas in terms of their molecular underpinnings – including genetics, shit. Wondering if we gonna need some computational neuroscience up in this bitch. Particularly interested in consciousness and attempting to characterize it in terms of its molecular, circuit foundations. memory, language, and shit about."

-------------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT: Thanks to the person that gave me gold! I'm not sure what to do with it, but it makes me feel cool, so thanks! Also, I followed-up on my fuck up with Dr. Person: 

Hello Dr. Person,
There seems to be a problem with the previous cover letter I sent you. I, embarrassingly, did not notice that my notes were underneath the valediction. The formatting on my computer looked different than the attachment I sent you, so I did not notice any writing after my intended email. I apologize for the profanity and lack of substance. Please find my CV also attached for convenience.
My apologies again,
dougandskeeter

------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT2: Thanks for all of the replies everyone. I am glad that a lot of you got a laugh out of my story and am equally glad for all of the helpful advice I've received (e.g. always use fucking Times New Roman, always save it as a PDF, don't be a fucking idiot). No reply from Dr. Person yet, but he's probably still busy talking with the Dean of Scienc about what kind of medal to award me. I gotta go ace my scienc quiz now. Hope everybody has a good day.

------------------------------------------------------------
EDIT3: Hey interested people, I'm sorry but Dr. Person hasn't responded yet. If he does, I promise to let you all know. In the meantime, I've spent some time updating both my CV and cover letters and have heeded a lot of the advice I've received- sent that shit out in PDF format and got some standard (*boring) fonts up in those bitches. I applied to a couple of positions today and figure that the result has to be more positive than this fuck up's. Thank you all for your criticism, even the people that assumed that I'm not cut out for this field. I know I'm capable of better things, but sometimes I just fuck up. It's frustrating and makes me want to cry sometimes. But, I'm fucking back, baby! And, this train is on a one-way ticket to Downtown Coolsville - Population: Me (and gf). Happy Friday everybody. I'll let you know if anything interesting happens.

-----------------
EDIT4: Sorry for the delayed update everyone. So, much to my surprise, I haven't heard back from Dr. Person yet. Sorry to disappoint. But, on the bright side, the job was posted again today, so I reapplied (btw the instructions specifically called for the attachments to be in Word doc form, so suck it hataz). I also shamelessly made a twitter account a few minutes ago for the sole purpose of contacting Steve Ramirez (@okaysteve) to see if he could provide some scienc guidanc. Other than that, there's really nothing interesting to report - got quite a bit of school shit to do and gonna try to coax my dad into giving me beer money for the weekend. Sorry, again, for the somewhat underwhelming resolution to my fuck up. I'll let you know if things take a turn for the sexier.

----------------
EDIT5: WHADDUUUP EVERYBODY. I GOT A MUTHAFUCKIN INTERVIEW. Not with Dr. Person, but with someone at at an Ivy League school. FUCKIN RIGHT! I'll post more details after the interview. I don't want to post any more details right now since the interviewers may use Reddit, find this and then worry that I'm a complete fucking idiot (half true). I also landed a couple of other interviews at less prestigious, but still dope, programs. I'll post more info in the next few weeks. Thanks for all of the support, advice, and inquiries about the potential of me being autistic (I don't think I am, but I also don't give a fuck cause my girlfriend is super hot). I'll see you all in scienc haven. Peace.

-------------------------------
EDIT6: I got a job at one of the best programs in the country and, starting this summer, I will be sciencing full time - Ivy League style. /nAlright, so every year I prank my stepdad. It's become a point of contention in my household because he's a very angry person and my goal is always to make him angrier. I'm terrible I know. Year to year the pranks have gotten worse and worse, last year I glued the milk carton to the top shelf of the fridge and he pulled the carton and the shelf along with it, ripping the carton and milk/other wet goods went flying all over the floor/stepdad. I'm glad I wasn't in the house for it.

Anyways, this year I decided I'd be a good stepson and do something nice for him, but only at the cost of doing something extremely mean first. 

The Setup: I backed up his laptop to an external hard drive. He's not the most tech savvy so he won't really notice any of the fuckery I'm about to perform on said laptop. I then installed that old ass bonzi buddy virus on his laptop. Afterwards, I took a firecracker, peeled it open and emptied the contents on some rolling paper and flattened it out after sealing it with the quick fuse that holds firecrackers together. I pried up his enter key and glued it to the bottom of the key. I let the fuse just barely stick out from under it so I could reach it. This was all done the night before.

The Action: I came over my parents house early in the morning saying I needed to print a report and that I'd use his laptop because it was easier. I opened it up, hiding the fuse with my thumb and called him over. 
"What the hell is that?!" He said pointing at the dumbass looking purple monkey. I told him it was a virus that certain fake porn sites can give you and he got all super defensive saying that he doesn't watch porn. Not sure if he does, don't care enough to know. I told him I could fix it and that he should go make some coffee. So I walked with him in the kitchen and had the screen block his view of my hands.
As I pulled my lighter out of my pocket I just said, "Ah I think I go- OH SHIT" and boom, his keyboard literally exploded. Keys went flying and I ducked. I hadn't expected it to be as big of a pop as it was. I must've laid out the powder wrong or something. Or maybe the glue ignited? I have no clue. 

He dropped to his knees and was holding his head, talking about taxes and other important documents I had just ruined. His shock quickly became anger as he pushed me away and saw his now dead laptop. I ran out of the room into the garage, and honestly I was giggling like a little kid. I couldn't help it. He stormed after me and found me in there at the table he usually drinks at, with a brand new laptop I got him as a belated birthday gift. 

I've never seen him go from being so angry to confused to extremely happy. It's usually the other way around. Anyways that was my eventful morning.

TLDR: I'm a jerk and prank my stepdad too much. Did a great prank with a surprise gift at the end. He hates me less.

EDIT: Thank you so much for the gold! You guys rule!/nI'll keep this as brief as I can.

I live with my partner in a one-bedroom apartment. We have a den that we use as a shared office; a small outdoor patio is accessible from the den.

One night I was feeling frisky, but partner was asleep, so I took care of things on my own. The office is a natural spot for this; it's private, and it has a desk with a computer that I can use for such a purpose. I did the deed and finished in the first thing I could find: a sock. Sleepy and satisfied, I tossed the befouled sock behind some bags near the patio door and went to bed.

I woke up the next morning to a horrified partner: "THERE ARE ANTS. **EVERYWHERE**."

Here's something they won't teach you in school: ants love cum. Can't get enough of the stuff. Turns out the door to the patio doesn't seal too well, and those ants, well, they found the prize. My poor better half followed the trail of ants back to a cum-soaked sock absolutely *crawling* with ants -- dozens, probably hundreds of them. Poor thing actually *picked it up* and threw it outside.

I went to the store as quickly as I could to buy a can of insecticide. Those ants are dead as fuck. The sock went in a sandwich bag, then directly into the dumpster. I spent the rest of the morning cleaning and eradicating the rest of the cum-crazy ants. Partner is now willing to laugh about it, but politely requested that I use tissues from now on, like a normal person.

**TL;DR**: Do you want ants? Because masturbating into a sock and leaving it near an exterior door... that's how you get ants./nThis just happened.  

I was sitting a full day seminar at work.  It's a mandatory lecture on safety.  We were just over an hour in and everyone is bored out of their minds.  Death by Powerpoint.  No "the blood flows freely" videos, no "Bob got his arm caught in the meat grinder and now we call him lefty" stories.  Nothing.  Just some guy droning on about crap a six year old could figure out would cost him a limb if he did.

So I'm texting my buddy back at the office (he goes tomorrow) about how boring it is and he's tries to tell me that it can't be that bad.  So I decide to text back a clip from the movie Alien, when Ripley comes up on the guy that the Alien has cocooned to eat later.  You know, the guy who moans "Kiiiiiiiillllllll meeeeeeeee".  So I find the clip and go to link it into the text and I fuck up and it starts playing.  Loudly.  Loud enough for everyone in the room to hear it, including my boss.

Cue about 5 seconds of dead silence in the room, followed by a chuckle, followed by the entire room losing it.  Except the speaker and my boss.

Soooooooo, I've been sent back to the office.  Boss is still at the seminar.  I have no idea what comes next.  My boss is pretty cool, but I gotta think something's coming out of this that I'm not gonna like.

Edit:  Didn't expect this to blow up like this....

My boss didn't come by during lunch but did email to tell me that he'd see me at tomorrow's seminar and that we'd talk about what happened today.  

So it looks like I still have a job, but I'm thinking this talk will not be fun...   Will update afterwards.

**Edit 2: So I came in early and the boss and I had our chat.  Not surprisingly, I'm sitting the seminar today and expected to be "attentive and respectful".  I'm also going to be making an apology to the presenter for what happened yesterday.  Of course, the entire office now knows what happened, so the conversation started out pretty heated, but as it went on, he had moments where I could see he was trying hard not to laugh at the situation.  He did threaten to make me teach the seminar next year, but I think he knows that would end badly for everyone.**

**The story is trending to reach legendary status in the office, so I'm expecting it will be all high five's and handjobs for the next month or so.  Come to think of it,  I think the sexual harassment seminar is coming up soon.  Anyone remember which movie had the guy who kept hitting on chicks and then when he got turned down he'd say "so I guess a blowjob in the parking lot is completely out of the question"?   Oh, and can you include a link on how to *link* it into a text?  Thanks.   :)**  


/nSo this didn't happen today but happened earlier this year.

I was due to attend a university for a guided tour and interview and we were allowed to bring a guest with us. I decided to bring my dad because he's a fun guy to make the trip with and thought he might be interested in looking around.

So I'm filling out all the details on the online booking form and it asks "Who will be attending with you?". Now here's the fuckup, rather than typing in my dad's name, I enter " My Father". Clearly I was thinking a tad too literally.

So I forget about this for a few weeks and we finally end up going. When we get there, they are calling out names and handing out visitor badges in pairs, one for prospective students and one for their guests. I receive my pair of badges, one with my name on and the other simply with the words "My Father" on. I show my dad, hoping he'll laugh it off and I can go explain and get a different name badge but instead he insists on wearing the badge all day, kindly explaining to everyone how stupid I was./nEarlier today, mothers birthday was going on. As we're all sitting around (roughly 15 people) my mom starts telling a story about me and sibling when we were younger.  

As the stories go on, she gets to one of me as a baby; 
"He hated wear clothes, I couldn't ever get him to keep anything on" (etc)


So, being the joker I am, I jump out of my chair, start to take my shirt off and run across the room, all while shouting, " Still can't!"


About halfway across the room, with my shirt half over my head, I trip blindly onto the staircase leading up, blacking out for a good 30 seconds, laying there with my shirt half off and in pain.


&nbsp;

TL;DR: I made a joke about being naked as a baby, knocked myself out and had to lay in my shame.


Edit: Oh hi Front page (insert joke here), RIP inbox. 

Edit2: I'm 23, fire away

  
Edit3: Head is fine, guess I can take a beating, prescribed some acetaminophen. /nSo her pictures were pretty, she seemed normal. I hadn't done the Tinder thing before so I didn't know what to expect, but when she invited me over to her place I figured I'd scored pretty hard. I  showered, groomed, and drove the 20-30 minutes to her address. I'm not even worried about safety,  she's just a small girl right? I'll be fine. My concern at this point is whether I'll measure up.  

I get there and I'm wondering if I have the right place. It's completely overgrown. The grass hasn't been cut in 7000 years. The walls needed a fresh coat of paint a decade ago. Are...are the windows boarded up? I check the letterbox for the house number and check the message again - yep, this seems to be the right place. I guess it's just a crappy old house.

I knock and after about a minute she comes to the door. Unpleasant surprise no.1: she looks 15 years older than in her pictures and haggard; like she hasn't slept in a week haggard. I don't know what the fuck she's wearing but it looks like a vague attempt at sexy. Like, I bought this leopard print dress at walmart 15 years ago sexy. 

I'm already thinking about how to get out of this as she invites me inside. It's even worse in here. The paint is peeling everywhere, it's dark and messy. It smells quite unpleasant. She invites me into her room, which is lit up like a cheap brothel. 

She sits down on her bed and asks if I mind if she smokes. Smoking in your house? That's a bit gross, but it's not really a surprise at this point. I say sure. 

And that's when she pulls the meth pipe out of her bag. 

It all clicks. The garden, the paint, the boarded up windows, the smell, her appearance. This is a crack den and she is a crack whore. 

Now I'm afraid. What is this house? Are we alone? Are 4 gangbangers going to jump out of the other room and mug me?

So I nope'd out of there as fast as you can say "oh holy fuck nope", making some vague excuse about getting cold feet. She wasn't really bothered; she was higher than the empire state by this point and rolling around on her bed. 

I drove home feeling dirty and showered again. And that was the story of my first ever tinder date. 

**TL;DR: went for a booty call, ended up in a crack den.**

**P.S. Fucking Jenny.**/nSo I have been setting this prank up for about 3 weeks now, but unfortunately the fruits of my labor came to fruition yesterday. All for the best I guess. 

Background: My wife and I are very healthy and we eat the same thing for breakfast every day, well maybe a solid 350 days a year. It is egg whites and toast. It has got to the point that if I don't eat this for breakfast my entire day feels "off."  I put salsa on my eggs while she uses ketchup and she has to have ketchup or else she will not eat breakfast. We have a backup bottle or two in the pantry just in case she runs out. 

3 weeks ago: I notice that her bottle is running pretty low and she has to actively shake the bottle to get the last remnants out. We are pretty earth conscious as well, so nothing goes to waste, use until the last drop! There is still just enough left in the bottle that I can tell she is thinking that she shouldn't recycle it just yet and puts it back into the fridge. I notice this thought process going on in her head and decide I should mess with her. Once we finish up breakfast she goes to get ready. I take one of the full bottles of ketchup and add just enough to the almost empty bottle so that she will have the amount needed for breakfast the next day. Breakfast the next day rolls around and she does the same thing adds ketchup to her breakfast and decides there is just enough to save and puts it back in the fridge. I again refill the bottle with just enough for the next day. I should also mention that she is short, I hid the refill bottle at the top of the pantry so she could not see that it had been opened and used. 

2 weeks ago: After 7 days slyly watching her add ketchup to her breakfast I can begin to see an intrigued look on her face when she is prepping her breakfast. She doesn't say anything, but you can tell she has taken notice of the bottle. This goes on for another 7 days.  

1 week ago: Breakfast continues to go off without a hitch and every time she adds the ketchup to her breakfast she gets a little twinkle in her eye, like she really really wants to say something about it, but doesn't want me to make fun of her being crazy and thinking the ketchup bottle is never ending. To the point that she will look at me, start to say something and then stop herself change the subject and put the bottle away. I have never looked forward to breakfast so much in my entire life! 

All this week: She is on the verge of saying something everyday. Its becoming hard to not laugh while watching her add the ketchup to her eggs, but I am laughing hysterically on the inside. At this point I have used roughly a half bottle of ketchup refilling the other one. [This is all I can imagine when watching her](http://i.giphy.com/5yLgoceFO3BdJW1zvFu.gif) 

Yesterday: She adds ketchup to her breakfast and looks me directly in the eye and dead serious says, "u/thiscopisadick we have a fucking magical ketchup bottle." I could not control my laughter and proceed to loose my shit while she tries to explain to me how she has used the exact same bottle of ketchup for 3 weeks and it has been almost "empty" the entire time. She now thinks I am laughing because of her belief in magic and she is trying as hard as possible to convince me that she is serious and it IS magic. I proceed to go into the pantry, take out the half empty bottle of ketchup and place it on the counter. It all finally clicks in her head and at that moment the empty ketchup bottle clicked into my head, but don't care because I made a magic ketchup bottle happen so I am essentially Jesus. 

TL;DR made my wife believe we had a magic ketchup bottle, but it hurt just as much as normal bottle when flung at my face. 

Edit #1: WOW GOLD!! YEEOOWW!! Thanks so much everyone! 

Edit #2: Yes you can leave ketchup out of the refrigerator. It doesn't go bad for months given the preservatives, many restaurants do this. It does oxidize eventually, but you can tell from the color change and it tastes a little off. It will not make you sick for a long time! Also, the ketchup bottle was plastic, I did not die. 

Edit #3: To all the people saying bread is not healthy, seeing as I do not have celiac disease my body can process it just fine. It is organic, sprouted grain protein whole wheat. You can find it at a Trader Joe's near you. Also, the egg whites come already separated from the yolk in a container, so they are not being thrown out. 

Edit #4: To all the people saying that this is not a healthy breakfast, I suppose you are the people who put no dressing on salad, which sounds terrible. Using any dressing sparingly will not make the meal unhealthy. My wife is a dietician in a hospital food knowledge is kind of her thing.  

Edit #5: This got WAY more attention than I ever imagined and yes, we do stupid stuff like this all the time to each other. /nThis happened a few days ago. You know when you have weird cravings for bad food? Recently I was really into ready made, deep frozen lasagna from the grocery store. They come in small packages with one portion, you pop them in the oven, wait 30 minutes and done. On that particular day I was really hungry, so I got greedy and instead of one I heated two packages.

When the time was up I realised they wouldn't both fit on one plate, so I took my plastic cutting board to put them on and carry them over to my desk. First fuck up. I managed to drag the first package of lasagna onto the cutting board without problems, but the second one was stuck to the baking sheet. Desperatly trying to get it free with one hand and a fork, I rested the cutting board onto the baking tray, trying to get more leverage. It worked after a while and I lifted the cutting board up, noticing it had melted to the tray. Great.

At least I had my lasagna! But for some reason I really can't explain I wanted to see how damaged my cutting board was. So I lifted it over my head to look underneath. Second fuck up. I must have tilted it, because one of the lasagnas slid down, splattered onto the ground and covered my feet with hot sauce. I was barefoot. It hurt. So instead of picking it up directly I went to wash my feet and inspect the damage. Only light burns, luckily.

Back to the lasagna on the ground, I noticed that it was still steaming hot, and I had no paper towels to pick it up. Thinking for a moment too long I finally got toilet paper to do the job, and after I got rid of the lasagna package and the sauce, I noticed my white kitchen floor was stained red from the tomate sauce. I waited too long, and it took extensive cleaning to get rid of it again, that's fuck up number three.

Nothing I could really do, and I still had one lasagna left, I put a knife and my fork onto the cutting board, carried it to my desk and sat down to eat. The board was a bit too big for my desk, and the end was standing over the edge. Guess what happened? I pushed it with my arm, the lasagna started sliding, in panic I reached for it, threw the knife down which landed on my leg with the pointy end down and cut me, fml. 

TL;DR: Being greedy and making the double portion of deep frozen lasagna I managed to melt a cutting board, burn myself with hot sauce, ruin my kitchen floor and getting cut in the leg by a falling knife. I am not making lasagna again.



edit: First off, thanks to the mysterious stranger for the gold! And because there are so many comments, and it's hard to reply to everyone (sorry, but I promise I read them all, and many made my day), some answers to the most popular questions:

- No, I am just a human being that likes lasagna and not a cartoon cat, even though I sometimes act like one I guess

- I wasn't drunk or high, can't even use being too tired as an excuse, since it's holidays at the moment. I'm really clumsy though (in case you haven't guessed)

- It is completely normal here to eat lasagna with a knife, and I've never seen anyone do it wihout, but I imagine it would be really messy

- Yes, there would have been a thousand ways to solve this smarter (i.e. oven mitts, a wooden cutting board or patience) and I will try to remember them for next time! Hindsight is 20/20, so hopefully next time I will get my lasagna without accidents

- I haven't starred or written any infomercials yet, but hit me up if you are interested!

- And lastly, I'm so sorry for everyone who can relate to this too much. Reading your stories made me feel a little better about myself/n
Out with my girlfriend and her son tonight for dinner and a few errands. Each time we get in the car, the two of them mention a rotten smell. I'm not picking it up as I've been fighting a cold. First trip: "What's that smell? Bacon?" She says. "I don't know" I say and joke that I 'may' have farted. Hop out and grab some Indian dinner.

Next trip "Seriously, what is that?" she asks. "ugh, I know! Blech!!" He moans. I say, "What? really? I'm not getting anything. That's weird." I'm thinking maybe I left some fast food in the back seat or something. We go into Sam's club and get a few things.

Trip three: "OMG!" They both say. Now I'm racking my brain. "Maybe I spilled some milk or something..?", I say. "Spilled milk? In your car?!" "Yeah!" I chuckle. "Sometimes I drink milk in my car, you know?

Then I remember it. The 3 week old tetra pack of Horizon 2% milk that her kiddo stuck in the passenger seat pocket. He's a great kid. He's just always leaving stuff in my back seat.

"Hey Nathan, maybe that smell is the pack of milk you left in my car!", I joke...sort of ( knowing if I'm right, maybe this'll make him stop leaving trash in the car) Here's where my brain stops working.... "Give it a squeeze and check."

As I give a quick glance over my shoulder to see if he's done it and if his milk is the culprit, he gives it a good squeeze. Now mind you, I thought the pack was empty. It was not. Not even close. In an instant, a burst of foul milk LITERALLY shoots UP his left nostril. Now I bust out laughing, but quickly reel it in knowing how fucked up that must be for him. He's gagging and fighting back tears. His mom's hunting for napkins or ANYTHING AT ALL to help this poor kid out. Now we're all busting a gut. He's waffling between crying, gagging and laughing and has milk still draining from his nose and running down his face. And for the first time, I get a whiff of it. I dry heave. Dry heave again. The drive home becomes a mix of laughing, gagging rolling windows up and down and planning his immediate trip to the shower so he can start to breathe through his nose again. Good times.

TL;DR. My car stunk. I convinced my girlfriend's kid to shoot rotten milk up his nose to find the culprit. It was the milk.

EDIT apologies for the difficult read. I had to post it twice and when I copy-pasted the formatting went to hell.  Didn't notice until I woke up this morning. 
Glad so many enjoyed it!/nThis happened yesterday....

My daughter’s school did this thing called a “Christmas Store”. They have a room full of cheap toys, coffee mugs, pet toys etc. 

Basically, students would come in with a certain amount of money and a list of who they wanted to buy Christmas presents for. The school needed volunteers to be “shoppers” to help the younger kids with their lists/making sure they didn’t spend more than they had. Since my office is only a few miles from the school, I got roped into helping. 

I’m helping a kindergartener with his shopping, and he has the following names listed:

- Mom
- Dad
- Grandpa
- Grandma
- Pet

So we walk around, he’s picking out the gifts, while I’m marking them off and keeping up with how much money he’s spent. 

We get to the last name, and I ask him “okay, so you’ve got a pet?” And he says “yeah we have a cat!” Ok, cool let’s go look at the cat toys. 

After we’re done, we first go and pay for the items, then we head to the “wrapping station” where wrap the presents for the kid. After wrapping is done, it’s time for me to take him back to class. I turn around and he’s holding a flashlight and he says “I forgot uncle Pete!”
I said  “buddy, uncle Pete wasn’t on your list.”

**I examine his list and I realize “pet” was actually “Pete” but the e had been smudged off**

Immediately after I notice this, his teacher walks up and says “time to get back to class” and quickly takes him before I can even say anything. 

TLDR: “pet” was actually “Pete”. If Uncle Pete is a Redditor, I want to sincerely apologize about the cat toy you’re getting for Christmas. 
/n"This didn't happen today". I am new here, thought it'd be cool to share it here. Brace.

I was an 11 year old kid back then and I liked to pet animals on the first sight of 'em (still do). My parents were making plans to visit the beautiful small village where my father grew up. To Spend a few days and come back. My father warned me a lot about various short tempered animals and birds in there, especially swans. And of course little me didn't pay any attention. I was too busy to fantasize about the cows and goats and sheep (in a platonic way).

So there I was, terrorizing the whole village's wild life (kinda domesticated I guess). Apparently they didn't like to be touched constantly by a stupid kid. By the second day every damn cow, hen, goat, and sheep was running away by the sight of me -praying for my premature death. The crows lost their privacy and peace. They all conspired against me and it worked.

On the morning of the fourth day I went alone to the edge of a big pond on the outskirts of the village and discovered one of the nests of some local swans. Some (3-4) cygnets were playing around it and didn't mind me coming near 'em. One, especially friendly cygnet came near me out of curiosity and I picked it up from the ground in a gentle manner. It was chubby, cute, and warm. As I was looking over the pond while sunbeams touched my face through the red edge of the clouds - the swan mother arrived from the pond with two fully spread wings. I thought she was coming to congratulate me for being the new David Attenborough / disney princess of the village.

The swan went straight for my baby maker and grabbed a mouthful with her beak. I've never received a blowjob till now but her job blew my fucking soul out of my body. The clouds turned black and the sun went dark. Those who think nut hitting is worse than childbirth should try a swan sometimes. I was in great pain. Her wings hit me hard on the rib cage and knees and the silly cunt cygnet enjoyed the whole show from my arms. After 30 or so seconds of agony and Russian Ballet I was finally able to disengage the bastard from my penis. I quickly put down the baby and ran for home.

My upper trousers were soaked in blood. My mother nearly fainted by the sight of me. I just told my father "swan!"... he quickly grabbed me up from the ground and ran for the doctor's house. I got two stitches on my nutsack and one on the penis and lots of ointments for the bruises on my chest, hands, and knees. The doctor told me that the cygnet saved my face because I was holding it near my face. The mother swan would never attack near her baby. My right seminal duct was nearly chopped off but apparently my blood soaked jeans saved it. 

My asshole sister who never misses a chance, asked me after I came home from the doctor's, "First period huh? Tell me about it.".


TL;DR : Mother-swan nearly chopped off my balls when I picked up her baby./nThis happened 6 days ago because I can't post sexual content on weekdays you are getting this now...

This is gonna be a long post, like the thing I just had inside me.

Let's just clarify in case someone asks. This is a throwaway, yes I am male, I am straight (Now debatable), I am not going to shit right for weeks. This was one of the biggest fuck ups of my life. So some backstory I bought one of the cheapest dildos I could get on amazon. This dildo also happened to be 15 inches long and everything else was above £20. When I received it I broke the dildo into two separate pieces. I broke it unevenly so there was a 8 inch and a 7 inch to use.

I have used the dildo a few times before, very rarely and I was watching some anal porn and got in the mood to have a go. Anyway I am sorta getting into it and going in kinda hard and then pop... I push a bit too hard and my hand slips. The fella just slides all the way in, at this point I am like ohh guess I will just push you out. Nah that was not happening. The dildo had made it's way pas the S-curve of my rectum so it was very stuck.

I was worried and I were starting to feel some sharp pains and bellyache, I sit on the toilet for a solid 10 minutes trying to reach up there just managing to get my finger to touch it and wiggle it about a bit. No use I started to panic and called the U.K. NHS help service on 111 but because I was sweating so much the numbers were not properly responding and the microphone became quiet so every conversation I have on the phone now had to be in speaker for the recipient to hear me. Anyway they said they would get back to me in at least 4 hours with a service to drop me off at A&E. Until then they said call the ambulance if it gets any worse. Which it did I was close to having a panic attack and I was worried about "toxic shock" which can be fatal if foreign objects are in your body for too long. So I called the ambulance, The responder said your symptoms aren't any of immediate medical concern (no bleeding, ect) right now so an ambulance should be down in 2 hours.

By this time I was just out of ideas so I mustered the strength to call my mum. She wasn't best too pleased but she is a very understanding person and already knew about the dildo basically just said " I told you something would happen and your dads going to be home any minute." I SHIT YOU NOT as she said that my dad walks through the door. My mum is like "You gotta tell him" and she keeps repeating this and I keep saying "No" every time. You see my dad is the opposite of my mum, kinda homophobic, sexual stuff not to be mentioned, so this was not looking good. My mum convinces to tell my dad and demands that I stay on speaker so she can hear me talk to him.

I say to my dad "I have done something extremely stupid" my mum from speaker phone says "He has something stuck in his poo pipe" (fuck sake mum) I tell my dad the situation and what is stuck after he says "I don't care about what is stuck just that it needs to come out", surprisingly he is completely cool using his phone to look for solutions trying things like baby oil ect. we go through a few all with no luck

He suggested that we just go to the hospital so I get ready and my dad says have you tried just getting in a hot shower. So I got in... This felt like it was doing nothing like the others, but making my bellyache worse so I decided to call it quits anyway I say to my dad "right not working" and get dry to put my clothes on. I bend over and get a really harsh pain like I am about to have diarrhoea and so I decide okay one last push. The pain escalates a bit then BAM the fucker just slides right out. I shout "IT'S OUT" and so a few minutes I clean the bathroom the and get rid of both the dildos. My dad keeps asking if I am fine.

Then we are up-to now. I have called all the emergency services back and cancelled the ambulances and everything feels fine. Except I now have a sore throat from the groaning I made when pushing and I think I have burst a few blood vessels from pushing. To be honest it doesn't even feel that great anyway the male G-spot is a hoax guys.

Tl;Dr: Got a 8" dildo stuck in the fartbox, dad comes home and I admit to him what has happened. Cause mobile phone to malfunction because the copious amounts of sweat I was producing and didlo slides out after a hot shower.

​

EDIT: For some people asking, I am 20 years old so don't worry about age.

​

EDIT 2: Wow this blew up man, almost upset I didn't post this on my main probably for the best. Thank you everyone for the jokes and absolutely great comments too. Props to the redditors promoting safe anal play wish I had found you guys earlier.

​

Edit 3: I have work today so I will try and reply to as many comments as I can later on never seen my inbox so heavy.

&#x200B;

Edit 4: I forgot to thank the kind stranger gilding me thank you.

For the people wondering how my mum knew. She found the dildo in my room and asked me about it. After a,things like that are dangerous talk she was like "it's your body and I understand that it can feel good for a man so you do you, but be careful." I may setup an AMA for more specific questions sometime in the coming week./nSo, this happened yesterday.  I went out to get my hair cut at a local chain store that I go to on a biweekly basis.  

I don't usually request a specific stylist, so I log into the system and take my seat until I'm called by a girl that I've never seen before.  I find out this is actually her 2nd day here.  I pop a squat in the barber chair and we start to exchange pleasantries.  She's quite cute and we are actually hitting it off very well (I know, it's her job to be pleasant).  We talk about common interests an Christmas shopping comes up and she mentions how she needed to this job to afford gifts for her family.

So she finishes my cut and we go back for her to wash my hair.  This is by far my favorite part of the whole experience.  Getting your hair washed by a cute girl is probably the closest I ever come to feeling like those guys in the movies who have beautiful women feed them grapes. (Idk, the analogy fits in my mind).  This girl goes all out.  Perfect water temperature, massages my scalp AND my neck!  I'm sitting here feeling absolutely amazing!  

She finishes up, puts some product in my hair and I'm feeling really good about how I look and feel.  This girl definitely earned her tip.  We walk over to the register and I swipe my card and await the prompt on the screen to add the tip.  My total comes to $16.20.  $5.00 tip is more than fair, especially since she went all out with the head massage.  I punch in my tip amount and immediately hit the confirm button.  As I wait for my recept, I watch the girls eyes get huge and she looks at me in excitiment.  She run from behind the counter and hugs me!  I'm flabbergasted!  She starts getting teary eyes and stumbles over herself to say "thank you" over and over.  I'm thinkin, man, it's just 5 bucks, but I won't say no to a hug from a cute random girl.  

She hands me my recept and I start to make my way to the door when I realize what had happened.  When I punched in the 5.00, I accidentally hit the 0 an extra time... I tipped her $50.00 instead of $5.00.  Shit.  At this point I need to make a decision.  Do I wreck this girls day by admitting I made a mistake, or do I just eat the $66.00 hair cut?  I turn around and take another look at her.  She's still so excited, looking close to tears.  She's probably thinking she's so lucky that this guy just came in, sat in her chair, and just helped her make her Christmas a little bit better out of the kindness of his heart.  I look at my recept again and sigh to myself.  "Merry Christmas!"  I turn and leave, leaving a little bit of Christmas spirit and a nice chunk of my bank account.

TL;DR accedently tipped my hair dresser $50.00 instead of $5.00.  Didn't want to ruin her Christmas Spirit, let her keep it.

Edit: I'm male, stylist was female.

Edit2:  Holy crap my inbox...

So to clear up a few things.  

I've always gotten my hair washed after the cut.  This helps wash away the hair clippings so you're not itching all day.  I do my hair stylists a favor by washing my hair before each cut.

No I didn't shit on her chair.

I go to a Hair Cuttery.  I like it there.  People are nice and a cut is $20.  $16.20 with military discount.  I find it insane that people drop 50-100 every time they get a hair cut, but that's just me :)

As said above, I'm in the military, so I get my hair cut every two weeks.

Thanks for all the kind words and encouragement to attempt to go on a date with this hair dresser... if I can muster up the courage, I might, but I don't know if I want to rock the boat at a place I enjoy getting my hair cut.  Also, I'm less than 8 months from moving, not sure if nows the time to start a relationship.

I'm really glad some people can get a nice story from this, and if I changed a few lives because of it, that's all the gratuity I need.  I just want the world I live in to be a bit better.

The $50 would have gone to buying Fallout, but I'll be just fine picking it up after the new year. 

Merry Christmas ya'll

One more Edit I promise.

Thank you all who are offering to purchase Fallout for me, I really do appreciate the offer, but there are plenty of other people who would really benefit from your generosity more so than me.  You guys are awesome!  
/nObligatory didn't happen today but it's a story that needs to be shared with reddit. So we'll have to travel back to October 2008.

I grew up in a small town about 50 miles north of NYC. It's a quaint tourist town for folks to visit from the city. We had one building for grades K-12. I spent all 13 years with the same 40 kids in my grade. By my senior year we had become a bit stir crazy in our tiny town. So what else do we do other than make some bombs right?

I'll admit I wasn't alone in this adventure and I wasn't the brains behind the operation either. I was simply the friend with the video camera. My friend Jay was the genius who received a perfect score on the physics SAT's and came up with the idea to blow some shit up. I trusted him enough to whip together some explosives. We also brought in a third friend Connor. He helped Jay make the devices since he had his dad's wood shop to his disposal.

So the three of us started tinkering around with some different methods and landed on one cheap and effective explosive powder. We made our first bomb and it was fantastic! Boredom was certainly cured. We went deep into the woods at night and lit it off at an abandoned quarry. I went home and uploaded the video so I could show all my friends at school the next day. They loved it! So we made another bomb and another video. Went to school and proudly showed everyone we could. Our parents and teachers even saw it and got a good laugh. It was a silly video. We were clearly some high school kids goofing around and not radical terrorists. Well we thought it was clear.

Skip ahead a week later, the day before Halloween. I'm sitting in art class when I get a call from my mom. She never calls during school so I step outside to take the call. She seemed panicked and told me to leave the campus and walk to her lawyers office. I was confused and couldn't understand what was happening. It wasn't until she said Jay and Connor had been picked up by the police on their way to school, that it clicked in my head. I immediately left and began to walk out of school. I get a few feet from the perimeter of the property as a police cruiser rolls up and puts me in the back of the car. 

I'm 17 and scared out of my mind. My thoughts were racing around my head. They were actually stalking the school and waiting for me. How much trouble was I in? Well the officer brings me to the small station on main street and sits me down in a small interrogation room and tells me I'll have to wait for the ATF to finish up with my friends at some other locations. Dammit I'm fucked. An hour went by and eventually the federal agents arrive with the entire town P.D., the county Sheriff's office, and one guy from Homeland Security. This was my all time most frightening moment. Some of the guys were nice. A couple of them seemed pissed. I was told that I had committed a class D felony and could be facing some jail time. So I spewed out every little detail of our bomb making adventures from start to finish.

After getting my story they tell me it checks out with my two friend's as well. Apparently an anonymous person reported us saying we were going to blow up the school or police station. So an investigation was launched into our suspicious activities about a week earlier. They had been watching us for days. When I left school each day I had noticed a nice tinted out Dodge Charger parked two doors down that was never there. I only had 3 homes on my end of the street so it was pretty obvious to spot but I thought nothing of it. Yup, that was the cops tailing me to school.

Well after telling me I'm clear they all begin sharing stories of bombs they made as kids, and warning me how burns are so much worse than bullet wounds. They seemed to reminisce in the old days and talked about how everything has changed post 9/11.

My parents showed up and brought me home but the entire slew of officers followed us since they had to "search" the place. I told them about my pot which they flushed. They took my computer since it had all of the footage I took. It was pretty cool telling my teacher I couldn't hand in my paper because my computer was seized by the government. Nobody at school seemed to care. My principal even asked me not to take down the videos until he got home so he could watch them.

A week or two later the ATF agent who was in charge of the investigation personally brought back my computer. He wound up staying for a couple of hours and gave me a big father like talk about adulthood and becoming a man. It was an odd way to end this whole story but from what I can remember he gave me some solid advice. He then told me to take down the videos and left. I never took down the videos.

TL;DR Made some bombs and uploaded the explosion to YouTube. ATF launched investigation into me and my friends to only discover we're just bored high school teenagers and not terrorists.

Edit: Here's the link to the video that no longer exists.
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI4rZeLGUu0&feature=email/nhttps://i.imgur.com/8qWDpRw.jpg

On the bright side, my right eye is now free of all that wax. 

EDITED: Post was removed for lack of context so... There are two bottles. They look similar. One is for ear wax removal while one is a bottle of eye drops. Pre-coffee and groggy, I grabbed the ear wax drops and dropped a couple into one of my eyes. It hurt and I felt like an idiot.

EDIT #2: Post was removed for violation of sub rule 2E) Nothing significantly bad happened to you as a result. So to continue from where we left off: Ear-wax drops contain hydrogen peroxide, which Consumer Med Safety refers to as "a painful mistake" to put in your eye. Their story checks: It was painful. I was able to flush my eye out with water pretty quickly, though there was a lingering burning and redness for quite some time. It didn't warrant a trip to the ER, thankfully, unlike many of the commenters who have stories of mixing up eye drops and super glue (I can't even). Though it wasn't as painful as the time I had bear mace directly contact my eye (that's a whoooole 'nother TIFU), I strongly recommend double-checking any and all bottles of eye drops before using them. /nOk so this actually happened today and I’m still a little shook up but I thought, why not post to reddit. 

So my wife is on a training course for the next few days so I am the chief baby sitter (she loves it when I say that) 

This morning, I was playing with my daughter and she was messing around with my iPhone earphones, you know the type that go in your ear? And don’t have the little rubber tips? Them ones. Lovely and safe of course. This is when the main fuck up happens... I hear a strange rubbery noise coming from her mouth, so I put my finger in and she’s chewing one of the rubber bits! ‘Oh shit, this is not safe for a 9 month old’ I think. I take it out her mouth and suddenly realise... those aren’t my earphones! They are my wife’s shitty Samsung ones! 

I check out the other tip... it’s missing. I look at my daughter and see her smiling there, knowing full well she’d swallowed it. Oh shit. I google it, and I’m not sure if you’ve ever googled anything health related, but if you have a headache, basically you’ve got brain cancer. If your baby has swallowed some rubber, she needs an X Ray. This is also backed up with the fact she is coughing a little, a classic symptom of the rubber swallowed death syndrome I just googled. 

In my panicked state, I think the best thing is go to A&E. For context, I’m in the UK so I know they aren’t going to charge me £100million for an X Ray, so I think fuck it I’m going.

I don’t live far from the local hospital, so I walk across. I speak to the receptionist who is basically telling me it will be ok, but they will check it out anyway. 

Long story short, they said don’t worry about it but keep an eye on her. I walk home worried the whole way, and walk through my door... and straight away see the other little rubber tip on the floor. She hadn’t even swallowed it, she’d just taken it off and thrown it across the room. The little shit even had the audacity to try to pick it up and eat it again. 

TLDR: baby doesn’t swallow ear tip even though I thought she did. I go to the A&E and look a twat.

Edit: for whatever reason people don’t understand the ‘babysitting’ joke. I say it to annoy my wife, I don’t actually refer to myself as chief babysitter.

Edit 2: for the record, apple earphones: shit, Samsung earphones: good. Just the tips that caused me issues, not the sound. Please stop sending me death threats. Also headphones/earphones... you know what I mean. 

Also, obligatory thanks for the silver kind stranger! Much better than being reported to social services.

Last edit: 

This is why she’s got headphones: there’s a pile of toys on the floor and she’s digging around in her bag, which happened to have headphones in for some reason. I watch her as she throws them around because obviously I don’t want her to get tangled up or whatever. I didn’t notice her pull the tips off though, that was some witchcraft (if they weren’t off already) 

Then she casually tossed them aside and carried on playing the other side of the room (she can crawl) which is when I hear the squeaking noise./nSurprisingly this happened today, yay:)

So a little background, I've been with my girlfriend for about 2 months, never met her parents and today was the big day. As I was going to her house and told her parents would leave when we got there, I brought condoms. Fuck up number one.

Okay so I walk through the door, nervous as hell. The dad comes bounding over with a smile and a hello, now I had my wallet in my hand, with the condom in. Now I don't know of you've seen family guy, but in one episode Brian meets some girls mom and a condom falls out his wallet..this...this is what happened. 

In order to shake his hand I sort of chucked the wallet into my other hand trying to be slick and look like a cool guy, however I missed it completely and it fell to the floor. Already looking like an idiot I go to pick up my wallet, when out of nowhere the condom slides out and just sits on the floor. The dad just looks down, and as slowly as I've ever seen moved his head towards my direction. I look down and notice the durex wrapper on the floor, every muscle in my body seizes, I have no idea what to say, I completely froze in embarrassment and shame. The dad starts yelling at me and orders me to leave, I'm now sat a few minutes away from her house typing this to try and come to terms with what just happened

TL/DR: I went to get my girlfriends dad seal of approval, end up basically showing him I've been fucking his daughter and was planning to in their home

Edit: we are both 17 if this helps with context 

Edit 2: for those who think I'm unintelligent, you would be correct in this instance, just a run of poor sleep and nerves got the best of me today

Edit 3:why are people so hung up on me carrying my wallet,it didn't fit properly in my jeans so was easy at the time

Update: so about 30 minutes went by before my gf returned, turns out the dad thought it'd be funny to shout at me and seem tough, he aint annoyed, just annoyed that my gf didn't do work or something I don't even know. I walked back in and nervously laughed for about 5 minutes trying to convince him it was for a  friend, all whilst trying to hold back tears of embarrassment, fml.

Update 2: so turns out he's actually a pretty cool guy, he apologised for joking around and said it's all cool, we talked about general stuff for about 15 minutes what I wanna do in life etc, then said we can order a pizza when they're gone he's paying. This has been the biggest roller coaster of emotions since Marley and me, he's left and we'll I'll be gone for all of 30 seconds;)

Update 3: So it's the next day,the mom was pissed with the dad for making me feel like a little bitch, was slightly annoyed about the condom simply due to the fact it was their home etc be respectful but all in all everyone's pretty alright now, never putting a condom in my wallet,kids seem a better option /nThis happened in January but this still cracks me up to this day. To get the best experience from this story, know that I am a small female.

During grad school I spent three weeks in India for a study abroad trip.  We were staying in Karnataka, but took a week long trip to Kerala by coach bus, about a 12 hour drive. The bus was awesome, it had huge seats that reclined nearly 180 degrees, color-changing lights, blankets, and TVs. Thankfully, our bus ride was from 9PM-9AM there and back, so I could take full advantage of these seats and essentially sleep through the entire drive. All was well on the way to Kerala, it was on the way back home that shit got crazy (literally).

Before heading home, the group stopped at a street bakery/convenience store to grab some snacks. We had been eating pretty heavy food all week, so I decided to grab a handful of cashews, despite being warned not to eat street food. I get onto the bus and fall asleep. Seven hours into the drive I wake up with a sharp pain in my stomach--it's an emergency. As amazing as this bus was, the one thing it was missing was a bathroom.  I'm now not only sweating because of these stomach pains, but there's no restroom, it's 4 AM, and we're in the middle of nowhere.

Bathroom stops weren't announced during this entire drive, you just had to get off whenever the bus stopped if you needed to go. Thankfully, the drivers stopped within a few minutes. Assuming this was a bathroom stop, I got off the bus...only to find a highway with completely dark roadside stores. I asked the drivers where the restroom was--they didn't speak English, but motioned forward. Thinking that restroom had been a word so far understood throughout the early part of my trip, I walked forward. The more I walked, the bigger an emergency it became. Within a few steps, I couldn't hold it anymore. I ran behind a building, spotted some bushes, and decided this was the spot. I started to pull down my pants, but of course, as if the situation wasn't stressful enough, I then fell into a ditch (4 AM: pitch black out!) and IMMEDIATELY, the shit went flying. I rush to pull down my pants the rest of the way but it's too late. My legs, hands, arms, and pants are completely covered. I had some kleenex in my bag so I do my best to wipe up, but I don't have enough time or tissues. Within 20 seconds of falling the bus on the street starts honking and driving away. I have two choices: get back on the bus covered in shit, or get abandoned on a random  street in India 5 hours away from my hostel.

I get back onto the bus. I had to crawl past one of my classmates to get to my seat. She immediately wakes up and the only thing I can say is "Molly, I just shit myself." If you ever shit yourself in India, sit next to Molly. Her response? "It could have been anyone. What do we do." So I proceed to take a "bath" with hand sanitizer and wipe with plastic bags, change my pants underneath a blanket, and cross my fingers that no one could smell it.

I was somehow able to fall back asleep but was awakened again in about three hours, this time to another classmate begging the bus drivers to stop. The only other person who ate the damn cashews too.

All in all, had an amazing time in India and learned a very important lesson: when they say don't eat the street food, DON'T eat the street food.

TL;DR: ate street nuts while studying abroad in India and shit my pants on the side of the road/nThis happened last week but I didn't plan on making a TIFU post until I read the local newspaper today. It's going to be long, let us begin shall we?

(Imagine that typewriter animation thingy they do in action thrillers)

*Time: Friday night 22:00*

*Location: My University*

I have been studying all week long for that huge accounting exam that I have this following Saturday and I'm really putting all my concentration and focus on those thousand different in and out accounts (kinda relevant for later, maybe an excuse for my stupidity? idk). So as I have a hard time concentrating at home and it was too late to catch a train to study on one of those I was at my uni solving older exams and noting down some important theory key points. The uni was slowly emptying and I started to see less and less people, no problem I mean it's Friday night and people usually head home or to some party at that time. Meanwhile I'm still in that classroom reading liabilities this accruals that and wrapping my head around left right account balances. At some point someone from the cleaning staff enters the room and starts emptying the trashcans and shutting down the projector. I was sitting all the way in the corner and the woman kinda gave me a signal that until she gets to my row I can finish whatever I am doing, I guess idk tbh. So she gets to my row asks me nicely that she needs to lock the room but that if I want I can head upstairs because they will do those rooms at the end and I might get some few minutes out of it. Soon after I am in some kind of studyroom (small room with one big table, kinda like a meeting room?) continuing my intensive studying (Yeah believe it or not Reddit on my phone had gotten very few attention that week).

A few minutes later a weird bell sound comes from the lil speaker in the room, not the usual "class over" bell but something similar (yeah everyone browsing r/TIFU is like, Ohhhh that's where it begins....). I don't care, again, depreciation this and inventory that, I am fairly sure I have turned into some kind of accounting software at that point. The same woman that told me to head upstairs before enters the room and tells me very nicely that she thinks that it is time to leave... I start packing my stuff and I head downstairs again (one of the exits is downstairs). Just before leaving the building I have the bright idea to check one last time if there isn't a room left for me to study bc. I'm quite sure that as soon as I enter my apartment I will straight drop dead on my bed, and I really need to study more. I remember this stairwell that is "hidden" (not really but it's not super obvious) behind a normal door that makes it look like there is a normal classroom behind it, but you can access more classrooms through that stairwell.
I press down the handle and (insert that Andy Dwyer GIF here, you know the Oh shit waddup, yeees thing). Great the stairwell hasn't been locked so I check some of the rooms that are connected to that stairwell and to my disappointment they are all locked. I go up the the stairs to check those rooms and closed too, ah shit well it was worth an attempt. A bit bummed I decide to finally go home in the end so I head downstairs again to the door where I came in. I press the handle down and.... locked (yeah if you hadn't figured out what was coming buddy I have bad news for you). No big deal it's a stairwell there is also an access to the main building where I was just before. Guess what, locked too…

*dramatic music starts playing*

*dolly zoom on the protagonists face*

*sweat starts running down the side of his face*

I forgot to note that our Uni was build in the architectural style of "brutalism" aka. concrete everything and make it look like a jail. So I am in that narrow stairwell locked between two floors in one of the side wings of the Uni. I figure out that while I was checking the other rooms someone saw that that one door wasn't locked and simply locked it. Friendly reminder it's like 23:00 Friday night and I got an exam tomorrow, adding to that my phone was slowly running out of battery (obviously, I mean yeah what did I expect).

Now I need to explain something that is key to the rest of the story but probably totally unknown to most of you. There is a popular App in the German speaking Uni community called Jodel which is basically a Reddit Light with geolocation. People can post short two sentence text posts or images directly taken (like not from your library) and everyone in the area can read it and uptoot it or downvote it. The whole thing is totally anonymous and it is basically the social media app of the Uni.

After a while I decide to post a picture of the stairwell and saying that I'm trapped at Uni, I comment my own post with a bunch of other pictures showing where I am. Now usually Jodel posts get around 5-10 uptoots and if you manage to post sth. creative you reach 60-80 uptoots. My post reached 150 uptoots in less than 20mins (yeah I was still locked in that stairwell). The whole thing literally blew up and every 5sec comments were posted asking how the fuck that happened and if they need to call the cops etc etc…

So I was reading the comments (battery slowing running out, like arriving at 3%) trying to find a useful advice. I'm going to keep it simpe, commenter Nr.5 shall become my salvation, he had commented since the beginning (that's why Nr.5) and had managed to provide me with the 24/7 emergency number of the Uni facilities. Battery is about to run out and idk if it's gonna last for the phone call I make a deal with him: if I don't comment that I made it out in exactly 1 hour, he shall call the cops to get me the fuck out of there.

*clock starts ticking, 59:59 until arrival of cops*

I manage to call the number and after being asked several times if I'm serious and if I'm not joking (remember it is Friday night, drunk students are the opposite of a rarity right now) I assure them that I'm very serious and that my battery is about to run out I need them asap. Guy on the phone audibly is pissed but well it's his job. He says he is on its way.
Now it's not too exciting I didn't jump out of the window because the building randomly started to burn and break my legs and Idk what the hell. Dude showed up, told me I am a retard and to get the fuck outta his sight now. Thanks I guess? But the stress wasn't over, my phone had died and I needed to comment that I am save before Nr.5 and the whole Jodel community calls the cops, which would have legals consequences for me if I wasn't there. I don't live that close to the Uni but I should make it in time. I get home make it in time, charge my phone, post that I am save 50min after the inital deal with Nr.5 and head to bed reading the hundreds of comments that were posted while I was without battery. End of the story right?

Not really, so today the uni magazine which is surprisingly good tbh and also read and distributed in the city is published. It is only published 4 times a year so it is a bigger thing and people are genuinely excited to read it. I pick one up and start just going through it, I get distracted and don't think about it anymore until someone shows me a whole page article thing about some idiot getting trapped at Uni last week and how the Jodel community saved him.

*fuck*

*itse meee, Mario Voice*

So everyone started speculating who they think it might be and if they know who it was and and and.... They started calling me a legend that should get his bachelor degree without examination (I wish) and also the biggest retard in this Uni and how the fuck I am able to function in everyday life (yeah I ask myself that too occasionally). Ofc the whole gossiping was ported to Jodel too where it is the top topic of the day already... meanwhile the original post I made is heading to break Jodel upvote records. My main goal right now is to keep my identity as secret as possible or I might get crowned King and then lynched like a french royal in the 18th century.

TL;DR Got trapped at Uni late at night, got the whole Uni App community cheering for my release and today the story got printed in the local news, which sparked a new wave of gossiping.

Here some screenshots and pictures in an Imgur Album: http://imgur.com/a/Qhrj5

Also, the magazine article (in german): https://imgur.com/3vlWneo
/nI originally posted this story Thursday night, but eventually ran into Rule 11. So before I give an update, here’s the original story. I’m not unable to sleep and typing on an ipad anymore, so I took the time to clean up what had been a stream of consciousness. People complained about my use of first initials rather than pseudonyms, so I fixed that (A is now Angie, H = Heather, L = Lena if anyone wouldn’t have picked up on that.

EDIT: I've been narrated! Big thanks to /u/Cyae1

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TfCrRIAwZC4

Original Story (Christmas Night):

This TIFU is still developing, but requires a little backstory first. I've been working at my company for the past year, it's my first job out of college. Additionally, my office is blessed with a surprisingly high number of attractive women for a tech company (most of them were business majors, but I’ll take it). I've become very close friends with one of them, Angie.

It took me less than a month of working with Angie before I was convinced she was the girl of my dreams. Being the new guy and having to directly work with her daily I never tried to be more than friends in fear of the situation if she said no. She moved to a different team in June so we rarely see each other during work anymore. Angie got engaged in July. When discussing it with her I made a comment to the extent of "I'm happy for you but sad that we never got to try 'us'." I was drunk and knew it was a fuck up immediately but I was glad to have it off my chest.

We didn't talk for a few days and then I got a text inviting me out for drinks like a normal Friday night and both went on like I never said it. Fast forward to October and she catches her fiancé with an ex. Angie is no longer engaged. She came to me crying and we just sat on my porch drinking for the night. She tells me she is done dating for a while. I recognized then that I loved her as my best friend and just held her for a few hours. We started spending a lot more time together, but it was always just as friends.

So that sets up my relationship with Angie. Other coworkers you need to know: Heather and Lena. They’ve been best friends since college and Angie has kind of joined their little circle. Both of them are attractive but I've spent the past year unable to get Angie out of my mind (I'm forever the romantic, fuck me). I’m “friends” with them to the extent that they go out drinking with Angie and me regularly, but I don’t really talk to them much during the week. 

Now for our company's Holiday party on December 6th.

My company is a work hard, party harder company. The amount of alcohol we drink is insane for the corporate world, with over 2000 drinks served for ~320 people before the after-party.  I went alone to the party and so did Angie. We got drinking and midway through the party she gives me a quick kiss in front of Heather and Lena. The kiss throws me completely off as I'm now wrestling with feelings I thought I had tamed while being afraid of taking advantage of her since she was still upset about the breakup. The trio starts giggling and I’m thinking that that kiss might just be something Heather and Lena tease me about on Monday.

The night continues and the four of us share a cab to the after-party. Angie sits on my lap for the cab ride and kisses me again. I was hard under her leg for the rest of the ride and only got a couple winks from her as acknowledgement of it. Getting out of the cab Angie whispers in my ear "neither of us are going home alone tonight, but first we party".  My three companions all go towards the restroom and I make a beeline for the open bar and swap over to vodka red bull to drown what’s left of my inhibitions; I'm going home with the girl of my dreams tonight. Oh how I wish we had just dropped off Heather and Lena and gone to my place then.

With a few vodka red bulls and Angie’s comment replaying in my mind, they were able to coax me onto the dance floor. I know I can't dance so I actively avoid the dance floor. Apparently I could dance that night though. Spending the time on the dance floor allowed me to sober up enough to realize Lena is dancing on me almost as much as Angie. I decided to stop drinking then so that a) I could remember everything from this night and b) I wasn't going to underperform for Angie. If only I had kept drinking.

Getting a straight red bull from the bar when I go to grab the girls more, I returned to the dance floor to see them dancing together in a way that I will never be able to want to forget. I step back and watch for a few minutes. Oh how I wish I had rushed back out there with their drinks.

While watching, I see Heather kiss Lena. I knew Heather was bi, but I never thought about Lena. Heather then kisses Angie and I damn near dropped the drinks. I believe I operated with a low blood supply for organs above my belt for the rest of the night. When I get to them with their drinks, Heather downs hers and kisses me. I thought it was going to ruin everything between me and Angie until Angie ran her hand across my arm and I saw she didn't object. I'm now convinced I'll never have a better night than tonight. I pull away and suggest to Angie we say our goodbyes, meet outside, and head back to my place. I knew what I was hoping for but only expected Angie to join me. My life would be so much easier if I did not get what I had been hoping for.

I say goodbye to a few important people and head outside to hail a cab. Angie is standing there with Heather and winks at me again right before Lena grabs my ass and joins us. I get us a cab and again Angie is in my lap. I get more than a wink this time as she wouldn't sit still and was effectively giving me a lap dance for the short ride home with constant eye contact. I think Heather and Lena were making out but I wasn't paying attention to anyone other than Angie. I don't know how that cab ride could have gone differently, but I wish they would've fallen asleep or something before getting to my place.

We get to my place, Heather and Lena move to my couch as Angie and I are tearing each other's clothes off on the way upstairs to my bed. Why couldn't I have locked my door...

I'm on top of Angie when I feel extra hands touch my back. Raw excitement and realizing that I didn’t misread any of the earlier cues cost me my condom. My last condom. Angie whispers that she's on the pill and it’s game on for a foursome I'll forever cherish and regret.

The next morning, I wake up with 3 beautiful women in my bed and I felt like a Greek god for the first time in my life. After brunch, Heather and Lena both kiss me goodbye and get into a cab. Once they had left, Angie kisses me and returns us to they had so rudely interrupted the night before...

Angie and I have been dating since that night and she is everything I imagined her to be. I've spent most of December thinking I'm the luckiest guy on the planet. I got girl of my dreams and it got serious after a four-way. While most of the office now knows Angie and I are dating, almost no one knows the true events of that night so it hasn't really changed anything at the office. I’ve been talking to Heather and Lena more often though.

Fast forward to Tuesday. Angie and I are driving to my parents for Christmas (we went to hers for Hanukkah) when I get a distressed call from Heather over Bluetooth so Angie is part of the conversation too.

Heather is pregnant.
I'm the only man she's been with this year, so she hasn’t been taking the pill. Fuck. Angie is the first to start crying and I pull over before I am tempted to take the car into incoming traffic. We sit there and talk for a half hour before cooler heads prevail and we agree that Angie and I will leave early and be back early Friday. We'd have turned around immediately but keeping my parents oblivious will make it so much easier. Angie and I talk for the remaining hour of the drive and she says she's not mad at me since the four-way was her idea and we'll get through this. My parents pick up that I was stressed, but we manage to pass it off as stress from corporate politics.

Then there's today. Christmas. I get a call from Lena when I'm out alone with the dogs.
Lena is pregnant.
She doesn't know about Heather or at least doesn't mention it. What she does do is confess that she's in love with me and wants to keep it. She wants me to leave Angie and marry her before the baby starts showing or she's going to claim I forced myself onto her while she was passed out at my place.

I talk to Angie and she's in tears again. She hugs me and keeps saying we’ll get through this. I bring in my uncle (also my lawyer) to address her threat and says so long as Heather tells my side of story I'll be fine but we need to tell HR everything first thing Monday. Angie was holding my arm crying into my shoulder the whole time but she agreed. 

The last 48 hours has been an emotional roller coaster and it doesn't look to be ending anytime soon.

P.S. No, I didn't bat 3/3, let's just say I didn't enjoy Hanukkah as much as I wanted to.

TL;DR: Corporate Holiday party. Infatuated with beautiful coworker who has two hot friends who are also coworkers. Lots of alcohol. Four-way. Ran out of condoms. Start dating the girl of my dreams. Find out I impregnated both of her hot friends. One of them is crazy.
 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Additional info, most of which was posted in comments of the old thread:
 
* Yes, Angie’s ass is Kate good.
* Mentally, I heard Angie telling me she was on the pill to mean they all were. She thought they were too.
* My best friend bought a pregnancy test and took it to Heather on Tuesday, it was positive.
* Heather was supposed to start her period on the 10th, she had been taking tests since the 12th and first tested positive on the 22nd, she called me when she tested positive the morning of the 23rd.
* I went to the doctor on the 19th, I need to check up with him again next month, but I got a clean bill of health.
* I came 3 times: in the condom, in Angie, and on Heather’s stomach. I apparently pulled out late on the last one.
* On the last one, Lena had pushed me into her quickly afterwards. I had thought she was just trying to keep the party going. My mortality caused me to tap out shortly into round 4.
* None of them are supermodels, but Angie gets a solid 9 and the other two are both 7.5+.
* The foursome was a result of Heather joking about it on that bathroom trip and then Angie convincing them to make it more than a joke. According to Angie, Heather’s made the joke before.
* Heather is business-side while I’m a developer, but she would be my superior if we were on the same team. It can be assumed she makes more than I do.
* Lena is in accounting. I have no idea what she makes.
* Angie tried to talk to Lena yesterday. She hung up when Lena started shouting at her.
* For what it’s worth, I’m 24, Angie is 23, both Heather and Lena are 26.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

I also want to include the comment that made me laugh the hardest on the last post:

By /u/moshisimo
>A and I are driving to my parents for Christmas

I? Who the fuck is I? When was I introduced??? Oh... never mind...

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 1: On Friday, Angie and I talked to Heather upon getting back in town. She doesn’t want to keep the child, though she is going to ask her older sister if her and her husband want to adopt it. Her sister is infertile due to complications from her first child. If they say no, she’s going to terminate the pregnancy. She doesn’t expect assistance from me with either option, though I volunteered to pay for the termination if that’s where it goes.
 
She hadn’t talked to Lena but is appalled by her threat. Apparently Lena’s parents have been pressuring her to settle down and have kids while she’s young. Her family is very religious and will likely disown her for having a child outside of marriage. Heather told us that Lena has had a crush on me for months, I was just too obsessed with Angie to see it. She’s been upset about Angie and I being together. Her self-image took a hit when I was unable to keep going while in her (It was round four damn it!). I was the first man she had ever not used a condom with and she blames Heather for convincing her to do it.
 
Heather volunteered to talk to her as I wouldn’t be able to calm down Lena without a ring.
 
Update 2: Angie accompanied Heather to the doctor Friday afternoon for a blood test. They got the results early this morning. Heather is definitely pregnant. She’s going to wait a month to make sure there are no issues before making the offer to her sister. For now, all quiet on the western front.
 
Update 3: Heather talked to Lena. It didn’t go well. At least Heather recorded it.
 
Lena did get a positive result on the pregnancy test that Heather brought with her. Heather watched and knows it wasn’t tampered with. Fuck.
 
Lena is maintaining that I would be far happier with her than I would be with Angie. She said that we’re destined for each other and the baby proved it.
 
When confronted about the threat, she turned on Heather. She was yelling at Heather for how much she drank that night and pressuring her into joining the foursome knowing her feelings about me.  

When Heather informed Lena that she was also pregnant from that night and was considering an abortion, Lena went full holier-than-thou and likely ended their friendship with some of the comments made. The conversation ended there with the situation involving Lena infinitely worse now that Heather can't talk to her either.

-----------------------------------------------------
UPDATE 4: Angie heard me listening to the narration again. She's now reading the comments. So far, she's said I shouldn't have posted this, but y'all are making her laugh, so I should be ok.

-----------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 5: A coworker just text me "For Frodo!" Tomorrow is going to suck. He's enough of a friend that it won't be break room gossip, but I'm now considering who else could connect the dots.
Update 5.1: I'm removing a couple comments because of this. He said he only made the connection because he saw Heather kiss me, but I'm still going to cover my ass on this one. None of the comments I'm removing include stuff that happened that night.

-----------------------------------------------------

UPDATE 6: I have assholes for coworkers that are on reddit. I a four boxes of condoms were on my desk when I got in this morning. I'm lucky that I got in earlier than my boss. Other than a few "For Frodo!" calls, there wasn't anything else said to my face. Thankfully they've spared Angie so far.

Update 7: Talking to HR wasn't as bad as expected. Angie and I went to them as soon as they got in. They let us talk, it was mostly me exempt for the parts where I wasn't there like the restroom trip. We actually did manage some laughs from the guys in HR, one of them had actually read this TIFU. He said that I stopped short of identifying the company so posting this doesn't add to my situation. There is a good chance all four of us will end up on probation, but if we can keep it civil and avoid additional fuckups, we should be ok. 

They talked to Heather and Lena individually. Lena went home for the day afterwards and I don't know any more details about her. Angie has been talking to Heather since she got home. Apparently she was told similar things by HR, though the responsibility talk from one of her bosses was apparently very awkward.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Reposting the TL;DR For those that are going to try to go straight to it.

TL;DR pre-update:
Corporate Holiday party. Infatuated with beautiful coworker who has two  hot friends who are also coworkers. Lots of alcohol. Four-way. Ran out of condoms. Start dating the girl of my dreams. Find out I impregnated both of her hot friends. One of them is crazy./nNever posted here before but I seriously fucked up this time. I walk around naked at home because its hot as hell and I live alone but my apartment is recommended by my university so a lot of schoolmates and teachers also live in the building. Well today I saw the biggest cockroach ever on the wall of my room. In my panic, I tried to shoo it out of my room by opening the door and sweeping it out with my shoe. As I did that, I realized my fuck-up as I saw my professor and some female classmates walking past my room. I realized my stupidity instantly and slammed the door shut. All they saw was me open the door naked and panicked, holding a shoe, and then instantly slamming the door shut. Yea, I'm an idiot.  
  
Worst part was the cockroach flew around my house and hid and now I can't find the fucker.  
  
Edit: Holy fuck this blew up. I wish reddit was bigger where I live right now so they could see some explanation and I don't look like such a pervert wierdo.  
  
Edit 2: I am a man and I live in the Philippines hence the flying cockroach / reddit not being popular / teachers and students living together./nMy friend had gotten a bottle of "Da Bomb" hotsauce off of amazon, that clocked in at around 300,000 scoville units. Nothing super potent I had thought. I had gotten a kids(4" inch bread) subway sandwich to put the sauce on to. I put the sauce on thinking that I could've handled it, its like a habanero i thought. Down the hatch it goes and for the first 30 minutes I'm feeling fine, a burn in my mouth but nothing unexpected that was until my stomach decided it was time to go to the bathroom.

I excuse myself and head to the bathroom, preparing for the burn of the train leaving the station. Everything is fine until shit hit the fan(not literally), I went into a rampage, my stomach was feeling like it was about to explode, Alien chestbuster style. This continues for about 3 minutes, until my whole body just goes limp. I'm trying to figure out what is wrong when I wake up in a cold sweat on the bathroom floor, 10 minutes later.

When I manage to get up I recount it to my friends and later am told that I ate like 50 times more than the bottle recommends...

TL;DR
Ate way more hot sauce then was supposed to and Elvis Presley'd it up in a subway bathroom.

Edit:Thanks for gold you beautiful person/nRepost because the original had no tl;dr 

This actually happened a few hours ago

So some background is needed. I have a few different ointments and shit for my fucked up skin. The two in question here are this steroid cream for my dick and this *really strong* acidic cream for this fungal infection on my feet. These two creams are contained in very similar containers and for some reason I decided to put them next to each other in the medicine cabinet. Anyway, I think you can see where this is going..

So without really paying attention I grab the acidic cream and apply it to my penis. I kinda continue on with my day for the next ten seconds before the worst burning sensation I have ever experienced occurs *on my dick*. After writhing on the ground in pain for a few minutes while yelling 'THEY BURNED MA DICK!', I decide to actually go and do something. I went to go and wash off the cream and that's when I notice that a large section of my foreskin was missing. I am about to go to a doctor so that they can decide what they want to do. I imagine that I'm probably going to get a circumcision which I am *really* not looking forward to.

TL;DR I applied the wrong ointment and probably need to have a circumcision

Edit: So I've just gone and seen a doctor and they agreed that a circumcision was the best course of action. Going to go to a hospital in a bit.

Also if I'd have seen the amount of people wanting to see pictures of my crippled penis I would've made a throwaway to post this on, as it stands I'm currently on my main account which my family and friends know about so no chance of that happening./nTo clarify, I work in a phone retailer in the UK where it's common to do a data transfer for customers buying a new phone from their old one. 

A young couple had come in, toddler in tow, to get their new device and had been incredibly helpful by loading all their data on to a micro SD card ready for the new device. Despite them offering to do it at home, part of our good service guidelines is to do it in store for them. Some may know that many phones spring load their micro SD cards so that pushing it in to the device pops it back out.

This phone, for whatever reason, had a ridiculously powerful spring that immediately shot the SD card out at such a force I didn't even see it go. So I'm standing there with no card, no knowledge and in store music drowning out any sound of where it landed. 

I searched, my colleagues searched, but to no avail. These photos were majority baby photos documenting this kids entire life and had helpfully been backed up on to one card with no other options. No Dropbox style backups, no PC backups, nothing but that card. The customer was understanding but incredibly upset and when store closed I promised to stay behind and look before the cleaners descended. 

This was two months ago. No sign.

This week we had keyboard issues. Four buttons weren't working. It's likely to be a blockage as keyboards tend to work fully or not at all. As I prised the buttons off it became rapidly more obvious that black plastic was blocking it. Sure enough, an SD card. Tested it and there's the couple, there's the kid, everything. In two months we have thousands of customers so I had no way to contact them but to search archive upon archive of paperwork to try and find them. 

To cut a long story short, I did. I rang, returned and apologised for the heartache and they couldn't be happier. I pride myself on my service and it had bothered me for months. 

TLDR I lost a customers baby photos for two months and hunted them down to return it. Now I can sleep at night. /nThe WHOLE BANK!
A few years ago I was a teller. Every night we balance our drawer and bank our branches 'holdings' to a ledger. 

About three weeks before, we had rolled out a new operating/banking system. 
Going from an old 'green screen' to a Windows based one.

This one evening. I was the sole operator in our branch left to bank my funds to the ledger. 
I did that, locked up ,alarm on....and off I went home. 

The rest of the branches also did their banking nation wide.

The next morning I turn up to work to be told that there was a major system outage and no-one could collect their funds to start the days banking.

Every branch across Australia was unable to release the banking from the ledger.

We had to resort to our emergency operations. Manual transactions and cash withdrawals limited to a certain $$ amount per customer.

The word was the top dogs were screaming blue murder!!! IT couldn't figure it out. 

Then it was discovered.

A certain branch.... had deposited an amount to the ledger.... 

And it had a double decimal in it.

That is all it took to bring the bank to a stand still. 

An extra decimal point.

All they had to do was reverse the deposit and re-enter it. 

Let's just say I had a stern talking to. 

On the upside IT fixed up the formatting so you couldn't do a double decimal again!

EDIT. Not a major bank. Only our branches were affected.
"A few years ago"/nSo, this happened on Christmas Eve. My wife cooked us this incredible dinner with candles and everything and as we were putting everything away to binge on some Christmas movie spree, my little girl said that people couldn’t *really* put candles out with just their fingers because nobody can touch fire. This triggered something within me. Here’s a chance to prove to my daughter that I am a super human being and she will love it. I tell her that I can and she doesn’t believe me, so I show her. 

I snuffed that candle out like a motherfucker, and proudly stood there with my “you see? I am a god!” eyes that I like to do when I cook a good steak, or do some cool shit in bed with my wife. I thought my daughter would be delighted, but she had her eyes wide open and she then started to blow at the table and I saw something in the corner of my eye; a little piece of the wick had broken off and fallen onto a paper napkin with christmassy shit written all over it, and my daughter pretty much caused it to ignite. Being a man, I put that puny flame out with my bare hands. I just bitchslapped that fire away and my daughter was very impressed. 

All of a sudden, I feel this stinging sensation on my finger, and noticed that fucking wick got stuck to my hand. For some reason, I blew at it like an idiot, thinking it would just fly off, but it just made it glow which caused it to hurt some more and my reflexes kicked in so I flailed around like I had a fucking tarantula on me whacked my unsuspecting wife in the face and smashed my finger on the corner of [our amazing bar](https://images.crateandbarrel.com/is/image/Crate/MaxineBarCabinetSHS15_16x9/$web_zoom_furn_hero$/170919165252/maxine-bar-cabinet.jpg) in the process. Blood was everywhere, my kid’s freaking out, and so we spent Christmas Eve in the hospital where we had an awkward conversation about domestic abuse (well my wife did). My wife’s now got this purply yellow thing on her face and I broke my ring finger and had to get a few stitches in my middle finger too. 

I don’t think she thinks I’m so manly, to be honest. The way she told my in-laws was a bit of a giveaway but at least she likes her Christmas present. 

Tl;Dr: tried to put out a candle with my fingers, got a burning wick stuck on my finger, flailed like a pansy and my wife and I spent our evening at the hospital. 

Edit: okay, I’ve gotten shitloads of messages calling me a shill or whatever. I literally just googled the bar. The only 2 photos I found immediately was the picture I linked and a Pinterest link (and it looks like reddit are not fans of Pinterest links). I didn’t realize it was from the manufacturer’s website, but there you go. The only reason I linked it is because people I’ve told this story to often asked me what I meant about the bar thing, and I’ve always had to link a photo. Thought I’d avoid that with this post, but apparently that seems to have backfired in a way I never even anticipated. 

Also, I’ve gotten a few really aggressive and messed up messages from some of you. Let me get one thing clear; I’m not abusing my wife or my daughter, so I’d appreciate if you’d stop sending me messages accusing me of such. Accidents happen, I fucked up, and I’m owning up to it here in this sub where people post stories of the dumb shit they do. I can assure you that both my wife and little girl are safe. 

Edit2: Thanks for the gold /u/xxxBuzz but I don’t really know what to do with it or why you’d bother gilding this. Can I donate it or something?

Also, I wanted to thank some of you lovely people who reached out to us in the midst of this all. I never really expected the amount of hate, but the love you’ve spread has been wonderful. Happy Christmas and happy New Years everyone!  /nIn true TIFU fashion, this happened mid last year.

A little background first.
I met this girl June last year and a month later we were 'officially' together. Things were fantastic and we bonded so well. Over the months preceding the 'incident', I gathered that she had had relatively little experience when it came to drugs. I myself am not big into the drug scene, but at the time I did try pot every now and then. We had shared a joint or two in the past, and I decided that we should celebrate the end of high school by smoking a bong at her house. Not my brightest idea, as her mother was not a fan of any drugs.

So on that fateful Friday, I acquired a bong and a pretty strong strain of ganja. Her mother was a really heavy sleeper so we waited until she fell asleep on the sofa and then went out the back garden. We lit up, I took two hits and she took the same. Things seemed okay and we both began to feel the effects after about 5 minutes. The giggles set in a little and we were good. 

Then she stood up, freaked out about getting caught, stood still, told me she couldn't see, and fucking dropped. I thought she had died then and there. 
Thankfully I caught her in time and, even while stoned, my first aid training kicked in. When I laid her down on the ground, her eyes were open and she was unresponsive. Literally looked dead. Thankfully she came about quite quickly. It didn't end there.

She started freaking the fuck out. Wide-eyed, high heart rate and the likes. She was insisting that I call an ambulance and get her to the hospital. This was a classic white out as she had a relatively strong hit compared to her weight (I'm 115kg and two hits does it for me, she's 65kg). I said that she'll be okay, that it wasn't anything major. She started shaking violently and couldn't muster the strength to sit up from the concrete, still insisting on the ambulance. My stoned self was starting to panic and she continued to insist on the ambulance as her panic levels increased. I eventually obliged, certain that I was going to be hung, drawn and quartered by her mother. The ambulance arrived not too long after I called, lights on but siren off (we asked them to do this in the phone- legends). I thought all was good, but then her dog started to bark in the room her mother was sleeping. Damnit Shadow.

I went inside to try and shut the dog up. As I picked him up and petted him, her mother woke up and looked at me. I felt like my soul was being torn from my body. I smiled and said I was calming the dog down, and she just closed her eyes and went back to sleep. Phew. I went out the back and the paramedics walked through the back gate laughing. I explained what happened, and they said it was okay and that she will be okay. I was relieved but still terrified that her mother would wake up to see her only daughter being prodded and examined by paramedics. Guess what? She did. 
I awkwardly said hi, and she asked what was going on.

My heart nearly exploded. 

My girlfriend and I looked at eachother, then to the paramedics, we had no idea what they would say. Then the paramedic, Sarah (I will never forget that name) said "just low blood sugar, had a bit of a fainting spell. Nothing to worry about really!"
I nearly hugged her, I was so relieved. 
After they left, we all went inside, talked about what happened and  slept soundly. 
I guess this fuck up had a wholesome, happy ending. Hopefully a nice change for you guys.
However, my girlfriend (who I am still with - one year and counting!) can never look, smell or smoke weed again. Even thinking about it makes her anxious. 
I had PTSD-like flashbacks for four days after the incident. Probably won't smoke again.


**tl;dr** Smoked a bong with my bong-virgin girlfriend of four months at her anti-drug household. She chucked a whitey, thought she was dead. Paramedics saved our hides by telling her mother it was low blood sugar. A wholesome ending, I guess?

edits: better tl;dr and CPR on the English no 

edit2: jeez I go to sleep and wake up with gold.
 Thank you kind stranger!

edit3: guy, I know pot can't kill, calm down /nI currently am living in China for a year teaching English at a University. The University has a giant statue of Mao in the center that serves as a great meeting point for friends.

A friend of mine and I planned dinner today and decided to meet at Mao. I arrived a little early, and I knew she always takes a little longer, so I sat down on the steps beside the towering statue. While on my phone, I heard someone come up behind me. They made some noise but I ignored them until I heard a pointed *Hello* (well, it was a loud Ni Hao). I turned around, prepared to tell this guy that I was waiting for a friend, but it was a campus security guard. I hopped to my feet.

The guy seemed kinda nice, started off by trying to assess how good my Mandarin is (it's good enough, but not great), and asking me a few questions: if I was a student there, where I was from, what I was doing. I gave all the answers in my best Mandarin, there's a little bit I couldn't get across and a few words from him that I didn't know.

Then, he told he wanted to learn English. That's fine, too; I hear that from a lot of the people I meet. He started telling me the phrases he knows in English. *Stop! Hands up! Get down on the ground and don't move!* all said in a very authoritative tone. I started to freak out a little, but I figured it would be incredibly rude to take out my phone and ask my friend to hurry up. I smiled and told him his English was really good.

Then he points to Mao. In Mandarin, he tells me, *this is a very important man. You can't sit near him, especially with your back to him. That's incredibly disrespectful.*

I started freaking out a little more. I'd seen people sitting there before, but when I got there the area was pretty deserted. It was just me, the security guard, and Mao. I started preparing my *forgive me, I'm a stupid foreigner speech* (a friend taught me how to say "I'm begging you" in Mandarin and if ever there was a time to use it...)

Right then, my friend turned the corner. I gave a quick *thanks, bye!* to the security guard and bolted.

Next time, I'll stand.

TL;DR: I made a fatal faux pas by sitting next to a statue of Chairman Mao. A security guard came up to me and, after demonstrating a few fear-inducing English phrases, told me I was being super disrespectful. I didn't know where to go from that, but then my friend showed up and I ran. Don't sit next to Mao.

Throwaway because China.

EDIT: There's a lot of China bashing in the comments. Please refrain from that, this is just a fun little story of a mess up on my part. It's polite to outwardly respect important figures of other cultures. It's alright to keep your more heated opinions to yourselves, in some cases.

EDIT 2: changed "popped a squat" to "sat down"/nSo yeah today it happened worst fuck up of my life to this day.

Today I was supposed to meet up with my girlfriend so as usual I wait for my mom to comeback from work so I can take her car and drive to my girlfriend’s house since it’s a lot faster than going by bus or walking.

We have these automatic garage doors that open by going up (most of you probably know what I mean) 

I entered my mom’s car, clicked the button to open the garage doors, put the car in reverse and waited for a bit as I always do (checked my mirrors as well obv, idk how I didn’t notice that doors aren’t fully open, don’t ask me) well today I waited for like 30 seconds too short ending up smashing garage doors and top of my mom’s car.
I’m still shaking when typing this, my mom is pissed as hell.
Repairs are going to be expensive, and my savings won’t even cover 1/3 of the damage I’ve done. 
Never been so disappointed in myself as I am now 

tl;dr didn’t wait long enough for garage doors to open, ended up smashing roof of my mom’s car and the doors.

Update: Just spoke to mom, insurance covers only traffic collisions 

Update 2: Mom says that heading to home insurance is not a good idea cuz the rates would go much high up, that it’s not worth it 

Update 3: ok, maybe it takes less than 30 seconds for the doors to open, I was stressed typing this, my feeling of time was fucked, sorry, my mistake

Update 4: I took some pics, they aren’t the greatest cuz it’s dark, cant see the bent on the roof but at least scratches are visible https://imgur.com/a/ivzHih9/nI'm doing this from my phone, so forgive me.

So last night my girlfriend said she's going to sneak me into her basement so we could cuddle and watch a movie. I had no plans to sleep over but as the night went along we both got sleepy and I figured why not. She brought me a blanket and pillow and we snuggled on the couch until she left me to go sleep in her room a little later. 

A little context: she's Chinese. She left to go sleep in her room so that when her parents wake up, they would find her in her room. She also said "no one comes to the basement so you'll be fine."

Well, about an hour ago I was startled by lots of movement upstairs. My ears were glued to the sound of steps walking all over the house. Suddenly, one heads downstairs. Luckily the couch is facing away from the entrance so I hid under the sheets and waited while someone, I think her dad, turned off the AC and continued to do some other stuff. I swear my stomach started to make small noises just to spite me.

After he went back upstairs, I ran into this closet and just waited, until I realized I really needed to take a shit. Assuming her dad coming downstairs was a one-time thing and wasn't going to happen again, I ran to the nearby bathroom and kept the lights off while I silently pooped.

Thump thump thump... Good God, the sounds of steps came again. "But they wouldn't be coming to the basement bathroom would they?" Boy was I wrong. Her dad tried to open the bathroom and when he couldn't, he went away for a second and came back with a key (I think). I grab onto the knob and hold the lock down while he pushes from the front. Looking back from 20 minutes into the future, this is kind of funny, but at that moment my mind was racing with all the potential situations as to his reaction to finding a brown man sitting on his toilet. Granted, he knows what I look like... But still. 

Luckily, her dad gave up and went upstairs. In this time, I decided, fuck it, and ran to the closet after flushing. I didn't wipe and holy shit was that a good idea. He came back almost immediately. I'm sure he was stupefied as to why the bathroom smelled like shit and how the door was open. Now I'm in the closet. Thank fuck my shit was solid.

So here I am guys. I'm in the closet right now with a poopy ass. Her dad is watching TV on the treadmill here. He probably noticed the blanket and pillow but I kind of thought ahead last and kind of left my shoes in a hidden corner. Hopefully he won't see them because technically he could if he looked properly.

I tried messaging and calling my gf but she's passed out and her phone is dead I think. 

Also I read a similar tifu a while back where people suggested ordering pizza to act as an escape but i don't know if that'll work because her mom and brother could still be upstairs. She said they should all be gone by 11 though. That's... Two hours.

The funny part is I'm 23 and she 21 and this is a very high school thing to do. Okay, that's not that funny. There's just a lot of cobwebs here and I don't like spiders.

Help me, Reddit. Keep me company in the hour of my doom. #saveourguy

Tl;Dr: snuck into girlfriend's basement and slept over, now smelling like poop and hiding in the closet from her dad, who used to be in a Chinese gang.

Edit: Just so you guys know, I'm not black, I'm Indian.

Update #1: TV is off and I think he went upstairs. I'm still staying here. I promise you I've learned from my mistakes.

Update #2: Girlfriend is awake. Coordinating rescue mission.

Update #3: She's scoping the situation upstairs and is going to come down in a bit.

Update #4: She hasn't come down yet but I hear voices upstairs and I feel like he's asking her about why there might be a pillow and blanket downstairs...

UPDATE #5: VICTORY IS MINE, BROTHERS AND SISTERS. He left to go to work and I am now enjoying a welcome coffee from my lovely girlfriend.

UPDATE #6: I didn't think a 6th update was necessary... But guys... Obviously I wiped before drinking coffee.


http://media1.giphy.com/media/8rbYChfZTh2XC/giphy.gif/nPosted this as a comment somewhere else and a buddy said I should post it here: this happened a little while back.

I was playing eve online and said goodnight to everyone and exited the game, but forgot to mute my mic or turn off mumble. I had turned the mic on the auto setting too that night, so I didn't have to a hold a key or anything, which is really uncommon since they usually have strict rules about that. That being said, I naturally forgot about my mic and had just taken my headset off.

Walked upstairs with the headset around my neck to grab a beer while singing and beat boxing: "(Exaggerated DJ voice) I'M. BOUT. TO BEAT THIS DEEEEUUUCCCK! I'ma beat it, I'm I'm-mmah beat it! WHEW!-I'ma beat it, I'm I'mmmmah beat it! WHEW!" This went on for about a minute.

About halfway through my song I start hearing quiet noises from my headset. I realized it wasn't off, so I put it back on to see what everyone's talking about thinking some cool shit was happening since it was really quiet when I got off.  I immediately hear about 90 people losing their shit laughing, with others saying "holy shit! Holy shit... does he know...?" And I'm talking that raspy crying sounding laughs where you're just pushing out air. I sat there for a few seconds (fucking horrified since these are just random people from my massive corp) before whispering "did uh... you all hear all that..?" And about 20 people started singing it back and others started yelling "DEUUCCCKKK!" at the top of their lungs in their own DJ voices. 

For those of you who don't use mumble, there's a feature that shows who's talking at the time on an in-game overlay, and since it was dead quiet except for the occasional Intel message, everyone knew it was me. The worst part of this was I was always super professional and serious sounding when talking on there, and there were over 150 people in mumble on that specific channel.... So for the entire time I was in that corp, every time I got on and said something in mumble, at least a couple people mentioned that or started singing that song, prompting other people to ask what the fuck is happening, and thus I had to relive that almost every time I played for over a year.



TLDR: accidentally left mic on after leaving game, sang a song about jacking it while over 100 people listened in. They didn't stop reminding me about it until I stopped playing about a year later./nObligatory TIFU didn't happen today, but back in January.  My wife and I went to Orlando for my birthday. The actual trip was great, if a bit colder than we expected, but still a fantastic time. Until we got to MCO to fly home, that is. 

We got there with tons of time to spare, but it was packed and security was a nightmare. We get up to the metal detectors and X-ray machines and unpack all our crap into bins, and start the process of going through the security checkpoint. My wife goes first and gets pulled aside for an invasive further screening leaving me to gather our mass of belongings spread out in the bins. So I grab my MacBook and cram it in my wife's purse, her carry on, her shoes, belt and coat. My hands are nearly full at this point, but the machine just keeps spitting the bins out and the people behind us are pissed at the delay, so I start fumbling to grab my bag, shoes, belt and wallet, my 3ds and oh shit, I almost forgot my MacBook.  I'm way overloaded, but the people behind don't give a damn so I try to shuffle to the side to wait for my wife to get done with her screening. In the process of doing this I drop about three quarters of the crap I had and so I begin organizing things a bit, putting my MacBook in my backpack with my 3ds and wallet, rearranging all my wife's  things so that I get it down to a manageable amount. Oh shit, I almost dropped my damned MacBook so I decide to hold it directly in my hands until my wife can help me with our junk. 

Well, while I'm doing this, the woman behind me starts shrieking that her laptop is missing, that she can't find it and it was just here before it went through the machine. She comes up to me and tries to snatch my MacBook out of my hands, but I flip it around to show her my piranha plant sticker and prove it's mine. She goes back to flip out at the TSA guy working the X-ray machine and my wife comes up and we proceed to schlep our stuff into the food court area down the way. 

We grab some food at the Ruby Tuesday's and I tell her about the woman trying to take my MacBook, which gave her a good laugh. I surf the web for a little bit and decide to pack the MacBook away for the flight and when I went to go put it in the computer pouch I always keep it in, there was already a MacBook there. It all clicked at once what must have happened so I go to return it to the woman. I get back to the security station and she's pinned to the floor in handcuffs, bawling her eyes out, because she was apparently getting arrested for assaulting a TSA agent. I didn't know what to do so I sheepishly walked up to one of the cops that was handling her and said, "Uh, I think I grabbed her laptop by mistake" and handed it to him. Through her tears she bawled out that I was the thief and the cops should arrest me not her when one of the cops said, "Lady, he just brought this back to you, if he is a thief, he's the worst damned one I've ever seen." 

I didn't know what to do so I said sorry a couple of times and the cops shooed me away, so I left, and flew home. I don't honestly know if she was arrested or not because I can't find anything about the incident online and I have to believe that the local paper would have written about that sort of misunderstanding, but she was in handcuffs last I saw.

TL;DR:Grabbed a second MacBook in a moment of confusion and caused a woman to flip out and assault a TSA agent because she thought someone had stolen her laptop./nHappened a bit ago, but some friends bought me this mug for my birthday. It had a muscular man wearing tiny black shorts on the mug. It was more funny than anything else.  
So anyway, one night at dinner with my entire family, we were kinda low on mugs since everyone was present (there's a lot of us). I grabbed my muscular man mug deciding to use it for the first time. It was just a guy with no shirt on. Nothing too bad. I pour a hot beverage into it.   


What I didn't fucking know is that the little black shorts on the muscular dude on my mug VANISHES when hot liquid is poured into the mug. I found out because my sister coughed loudly and gave me the "LOOK AT THAT -  WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU" eyes. I looked down and well well well, there's a dangle-y dong on my mug (facing my Dad's direction) staring me in the face like "hey gurl wuu2." I used the Lord's name in vain (which made my Dad glare at me because he's a very religious man) and left the table with my naked mug man in hand.  


TLDR Friends gave me a mug with a guy wearing tiny black shorts that vanish when I pour hot liquid into the mug. I didn't know that. I used it at a family dinner and got a surprise dick-on-a-mug. Welp./nOkay, so, we all know "don't mix ammonia and bleach", right? And really, the worst that it ever gets for some people who accidentally do that is burning eyes and a painful breathing, because they mix cleaners, and not in very great quantities.

I'm working on a project and I needed to corrode various metals. Steel was obviously the easiest - just some vinegar and salt, let it soak for an hour, then air dry, then repeat until it's as corroded as I want it to be.

Well I needed to corrode *aluminum* which isn't nearly as simple - aluminum has an oxide layer that resists corrosion. So I needed something to strip the oxide layer. Somehow I came up with the decision to mix vinegar and *bleach*. Okay, so, what I *didn't* know is that even though the chemical reaction is completely different, *it still makes chlorine gas*.

Remember how I said most people are just doing basic cleaning and mixing low quantities? Well I had a lot of aluminum. I made nearly a fucking gallon of this stuff. The only thing that probably saved my life is that in order to keep pets and the odor of this noxious brew down, I sealed it inside a big plastic container and left it just outside my kitchen.

Fast forward to the next day. I look at the container and the mixture apparently worked how I wanted it to - the liquid inside was a dark, rusty red! Time to see the results, and see if it needed to soak for a few more days. I crack the lid off the container and... yeah.

Wow. I was not expecting what roiled out of this box. I had been exposed to CS in the military as part of CBRNE training. Deeply unpleasant stuff. But this was on a whole other level.

You cannot even get one breath. Your passages immediately slam shut and an impossible to stop cough racks your body. My eyes started burning. I immediatley thought 'gas gas gas!'. I knew my cat was standing nearby and would succumb to this long before I did, so I grabbed him and basically hurled him down the hallway into my room and locked him in there. Now I was in the back of the house and could breathe - I also knew enough from my training is that the chlorine burns your mucous membranes - if the cough didn't stop, that was bad news. I felt okay, but for how much  longer? There was a superfund chemical spill in my kitchen!

I suppose it's anti-climactic that this TIFU has a happy and mundane ending. A few month ago I found a website selling US surplus M17 gasmasks. [They looked pretty cool.](https://www.google.com/search?q=m17+gas+mask&rlz=1C1ASUM_enUS522US731&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjKosq36_jSAhVLQSYKHYi7A5sQ_AUICSgC&biw=1920&bih=1094) I had spent ages cleaning up some awful residue that had coated it. It came with sealed filters (which have without a doubt had expired decades ago) that I had installed, and I sized it to fit. I even had the gas mask sitting out and ready to use.

I pulled the mask on, tested the seal, and walked back into the kitchen. Who'd have thought that after all the training, all the exercises, all the times I had lugged a fucking gas mask around with me through Korea and the Middle East, the one time I would *actually* need one was when I nearly killed myself in my own home. I had absolutely no idea if the filters were even any good... I had been holding my breath. I walked closer and finally took a breath. Then a second. The gas mask worked. It worked!

I knew I needed to get this shit out of my house, so I threw on some rubber gloves, picked up the vat and carried it out to the garage. After opening the garage door - there I was. Standing in nothing but my underwear, with a gas mask and elbow-length rubber gloves, carrying a vat of noxious materials. I was like a functionally retarded Walter fucking White. All I needed was my gun with me.

I had no idea what to do with the toxic mess so I dumped it all right there on my driveway. Still wearing the gas mask, I began spraying the entire area down with the hose until I felt it was sufficiently diluted. I then opened all the windows and let the house air out for the rest of the day. Kitty got lots of treats. I monitored us both for any persistent effects but I don't think he got any of it. 

And that was how I nearly fucking killed myself with chlorine. Acetic acid + sodium hypochlorite = bad shit.

On the plus side, the aluminum came out pretty good! I think next time I'll stick with a galvanic corrosion approach though, and wrap it in steel wool before immersing in a much safer salt bath.

TL;DR: I didn't know there were multiple reactions that would liberate the chlorine out of bleach, and acetic acid is one of them. After brewing an entire gallon of this lethal swill, the gas mask I purchased on a lark saved me more than the gas mask I was issued in the military *ever* did./nAt the restaurant I used to work at there was an extra upstairs room for special parties and the like. It had a spiral staircase and a large round table sat directly below the staircase. One day a big party came in and wanted to sit upstairs. Everything went great, although it was annoying taking large trays of food up a spiral staircase. Once the party left upstairs i began to clean up the room. I was taking dirty dishes down in tubs and glasses in racks. Finally, there were just a few full pitchers of water. My tray was wet and I knew the pitchers might slide around on it but I put them all on there anyway so I didn't have to keep coming back up and down. I was at the top of the staircase and the pitchers started to slide around. One slides straight off of the tray and dumps its entire contents of icy cold water on an elderly woman's head at the table below the staircase. I think the pitcher even bonked her on the head for good measure. She said my look of horror alone was apology enough.  All of my coworkers were ruthless about it, saying things like I tried to make a waterfall installation and what not. TL;DR- I accidentally soaked an old lady with an entire pitcher of cold water at work. /nThis actually happened on Tuesday but I had to wait until the weekend to post because it's a nasty one. 

I am not a huge fan of anal sex. My boyfriend likes it so we do it every once in a while because I like him. 

Monday was my birthday and he made it a really lovely special day for me. I know he didn't expect anything in return but I wanted to do something nice as a thank you. I planned on being dressed all sexy and having my butt plug in when he got home from work on Tuesday.

About an hour before he was supposed to be home i texted him "I have a surprise for you" and started getting myself ready. I pooped and took a shower and put on sexy underwear. I got some lube and started loosening things up preparing for the butt plug. For some reason I decided to pull it back out once and put it back in since it has been a while and I wanted to make sure it was ready. When I pulled it out I felt some lube leaking out and didn't think anything of it... until it started smelling like poop. I still don't really know what happened but for some reason my butt just started leaking poop. 

It got all over me, the bed, the mattress cover, and the carpet. I stripped the bed and hopped in the shower to rinse off. My boyfriend came home to a bare mattress and me cleaning up poop from the carpet. Worst surprise ever.

**TL;DR: tried to give my boyfriend surprise anal sex but instead got poop all over our bedroom.**

Edit: This is my throwaway that I use for embarrassing stuff that I don't want linked back to my real life and pooping when I'm not supposed to is pretty much the only thing that *really* embarrasses me at this point in my life./nMy girlfriend has been on holidays for the last couple of weeks. It kinda sucked because it was our five month anniversary (which she took quite seriously). So we were texting and things started getting suggestive (or at least I think they were) and then she sends a message saying "hey babe skype me I have a surprise for you!" We have done skype sexy time before and that's where I thought this was leading. So I flopped it out and skyped her my erect penis taking up the entire screen. Then when she answered it was her entire family: mum, dad and two little sisters (7&9) there yelling in unison "happy anniversary" I freaked out and slammed the laptop shut. I since have received two messages from my girlfriend (soon to be ex I imagine) saying "what the fuck was that?!!" And "ANSWER ME!!"

It is the a definite dumbest thing I've ever done. I kinda wanna die right now.

Edit: I know it's kinda weird that we celebrate each month but yeah I guess we're pretty young. Five months is pretty long for high school couples so yeah. 

I still haven't heard anything from her except another text just saying "?" I don't have the balls to reply.

UPDATE: So I decided to man up and text her back, it was the most awkward conversation ever! But it ended with her saying "maybe we should take a break when I get back" I should change the title to "TIFU by showing my erect penis to my ex-girlfriends entire family.

/nMy roommate goes shopping on Sunday evenings. He bought a carton of eggs. Last night after shopping he went out, and I knew he'd probably not be back that night.

So I decided to scramble every egg from the carton. I ate some of them (It was always my intention to replace the egg carton, just to get that out of the way), and the rest I stuffed the scrambled egg back into the carton. So it was just a carton of scrambled egg. 

Then on the back of the carton I wrote "Pre Scrambled" in marker. 

This morning I hear my roommate exclaim "What the fuck!?" 

I ran into the kitchen and saw him staring dumbfounded at the carton. He kept looking from me to the carton and back. "Did you buy the Pre-Scrambled kind?" I asked. 

He looked at me like I had just spoken Saturnian, so I repeated my question. "The fuck do you mean?" he replied. 

I took the carton from him, acted like I was carefully examining the packaging, and then pointed out the writing on the back. Pre-Scrambled. "Yeah, you bought Pre-Scrambled Eggs," I said. 

He looked as perplexed as it is possible for a person to be. Maximum perplexness. 

I put on an act of being amazed that he had never heard of Pre-Scrambled eggs, and about how I always check the back of the carton to make sure they aren't Pre-Scrambled. 

He stammered something along the lines of "But what...but why...how...why would they...what the...why..." 

I was about to reveal it was a prank when he suddenly got very serious and intense, like a late-season Walter White sort of vibe, and he said "Fuck no. Not my eggs." Then he wheeled around and marched out of the apartment. Out to his car. And he left. 

I was a bit concerned. And probably should have shouted after him before he left. But I didn't. 

So like 40 minutes pass and I hear our apartment door open, and I hear "I'm banned! I'm banned from the Stop & Shop! Banned!" 

I walk out to the kitchen with some apprehension. He looks enraged. "Banned!" He dropped the egg carton on the floor. "Did you fuck me!?"

He wasn't taking it well. 

"They don't fuckin sell this shit!!! Did you fuck me!?" 

At this point I admitted to pranking him. And I apologized. He just stared at me for a moment, then shouted something like "You're buying me fucking new eggs!!" Then he slammed his bedroom door. Then he opened it and yelled "I have to drive to motherfucking PATHMARK, are you kidding me!? You go too far!! FUCK!!!" And slammed the door again. Then he opened it again and shouted "STOP LAUGHING!!!" and slammed the door again. 

I do feel bad about this because it was never the intention of the prank to get him banned from the supermarket. I have already replaced his eggs and I am in the process of thinking up some way to make it up to him regarding his banishment. 

TL;DR - Accidentally got my roommate banned from the supermarket when I convinced him they sold him "Pre-Scrambled" eggs. /nThis happened in 2013.
I was 19 and experiencing the first week or two of drinking alcohol in my life. I was on a street called Burgos Street, that is known for it's pay for hire activities. However, I was actually there to visit a cute waitress at a bar that I met at a nightclub. (The waitress was not a sex worker nor a dude by the way). It was late so I left the bar to get a taxi. They were usually abundant but I couldn't find a cab so I decided to walk around the block. A random girl asked if I wanted a massage. She said it was about $15 USD and I was like sure, correctly assuming a sexual encounter would occur. (I was there to visit the waitress girl on friendly terms, but I really wanted sex and didn't think I could get it otherwise). She holds my hand and begins to lead me to a hotel. On the way back to the hotel, another girl asks if she can join so I was thinking "awesome!". I had never done any of this before but thought the massage would be somewhat sexual. They led me in the room and had me shower. By this time, I was realllly excited.  

For some reason, something in my mind clicked and I realized these girls might actually be men. I began to notice their voices sounded more like men pretending to be women. By this point, I was too excited and drunk so I told them that I knew they were men and that I wanted to play anyways. They stripped down and I took turns playing with both of them. Afterwards, I showered again and they asked for payment. I was thinking it'd be like $30 still, and they were like, "the (pesos equivalent) was for a massage. Sex costs more." At this time, I was like, oh shit. They wanted $75 each. I told them I don't have that much money and they said that they could take me to their manager. At this point, I'm like, I really messed up. I want to avoid meeting the "manager" so I tell them I'll go to a certain ATM and that my debit card only works with "B.O.A", never completely saying Bank of America. Over the course of an two hours, we drive in a taxi from mall to mall in search of the non existent B.O.A. ATM's. They are getting frustrated and telling me that I should just ask my stepbrother for the money back at the hotel. (I may have mentioned that I was on a family vacation while inside some ladyboy....)       
  
During the mall visits, I'm pondering whether I can run away from the guys and escape their sight. At another instance, we're waiting for a hotel and I was considering hopping a fence and booking it. Anyways, at the final taxi I would take that night, I get in the taxi and quickly lock the door. The driver of the taxi, being polite, unlocks it for the other guys. I let out a quick "NO!" and the taxi driver knows he made a mistake. The guys get in and we drive around for a while, stopping to ponder our decision. Taxi driver knows whats up. He locks all but one of the interior doors of the cab. I get in and lock it. I say "here's $20 bucks, get me to my hotel." The guys get in another taxi and begin following me. Eventually, my driver loses the other vehicle and brings me to my hotel. He asks, "Don't they know what hotel you're at?". Fortunately, although I originally told my actual hotel in the early chaos, they forgot it and I named a new hotel that was away from mine. I mentioned the random hotel's name several times to reinforce in them that that was my hotel. Perhaps they ordered their taxi driver to head to my decoy hotel. During the drive back to the hotel, my driver couldn't stop laughing at my situation...  
    
 I've never told anyone this because it's so embarrassing... 
I was so worried I was going to get injured by their "manager" or have to reveal to family that I needed money to pay 2 angry ladyboys. I also wonder if they got in trouble for not collecting payment and being out of service for 2 hours chasing money....

TL;DR: Thought I was paying $30 for sex with 2 cute girls, wound up captive for hours for my $150 sex fee with 2 guys./nI'll try to make this quick.

Basically, I met this girl from Tinder at a bar last night. We had great chemistry and ended up staying at the bar until close. During the date, I asked if she had met up with other guys from Tinder and how those previous dates went. She explained how during her last Tinder date, after a couple of drinks the guy asked her to come back to his apartment. She said no, she wasn't like that. The guy then proceeded to convince her that "that's not how Tinder dates work". Long story short, she ended up leaving and didn't talk to him again.

Now, I found this hilarious so throughout the rest of the night anytime she said no to any of my questions, I would respond with "**But that's not how Tinder dates work.**"

Me: "You should buy me a drink?" Her: "You should be buying ME a drink!" Me: "But that's not how Tinder dates work."

Me: "Want to play pool?" Her: "No, I'm not very good." Me: "But that's not how Tinder dates work."

Me: "Want to take another shot?" Her: "No, I have work tomorrow." Me: "But that's not how Tinder dates work."

You get the idea. Anyways, we both found this to be very funny and an easy way to lighten the conversation. It was all in good fun.

So here's the fuck up part: At the end of the night, somehow we ended up going back to my place and getting in bed together. After some kissing play, she took off my pants and started sucking my dick. After a minute of this, I couldn't resists myself and in one of my creepiest voices, I said "**Now this is how Tinder dates work.**"

At first she started with somewhat loud dick-in-the-mouth nervous laughter. But then she stopped and couldn't believe what I just said. And then it had killed the mood so much that she ended up putting her top back on and decided to quickly leave. Leaving me laying in bed, naked, with a semi-hard, thinking about how badly I just fucked that up./nObligatory happened a while ago... I am ex British Military, 845 squadron, Commando Helicopter Force to be precise. When I left the military civilian life didn't agree with me so I went into close protection specialising in hostile environment and anti terrorism. Working primarily in the Middle East, after one long deployment we were coming home through Sri Lanka. Unlike the British who everyone knows we just love to queue and play by the rules, people in that part of the world don't share the same ideals.

So me and my team are queuing to go through security and a Sri Lankan guy tried to push in smashing my trolley out of the way, I say "ow pal, get to the back of the queue!" He then looks annoyed but ultimately does as I ask. We next get through security and get to passport control, again the same issue! I politely remind the men that there is a queue system and point to the back, they join the back of the queue whilst giving me the evils.

Then my finest moment, bare in mind I have been deployed for two months away from home and fed next to nothing and lived in horrendous conditions, I'm tired and hungry, desperate to get home and fed up of the lack of respect for other people displayed in this part of the world. We are queueing for the plane now and a guy pushes past us followed by about ten kids going to the front of the queue... I lose my rag "OW PAL! (He turns around and looks at me) Yeah you! There's a queue here get to the back of it for gods sake!" 

The the children all turn round, they are all wearing sunglasses... strange? Then I notice them all with white sticks... oh dear... he was escorting ten blind children onto the plane and given priority. I immediately apologise and proceed to ensure roughly ten hours of piss taking and impressions and recounting of the tale in various ways all more embellished than the last to make it funnier by my team (as is per military tradition) the air hostesses who we normally end up getting friendly (in more ways than one) with wouldn't even talk to me or give me any refreshments. And to top it off I will probably burn in hell...

TL:DR got sick of people pushing in a queue and by the third time I told someone off for it realised he was escorting blind kids to the from of the queue

Edit - holy shit this blew up, just like to say thanks to Naz at the kebab stand! Without you my Saturdays would be meaningless, struggling to reply to a lot of the comments as I'm boring now with kids and chores but thank you for the kind comments I really appreciate it I hope you all have a lovely day

Edit 2 - I also don't feel bad about this just wanted to tell a funny story... prob not all that funny if you weren't there and if that's the case my apologies for wasting your day lol

Edit 3 - if you're anti military or just want to comment some bullshit propaganda you read in a magazine that all military lads/lasses are scum please do it elsewhere. I have limited tolerance and don't want to waste it on internet trolls today/nOk so like most of these posts this didn't happen today. This actually happened quite a while ago when I was 17. There's a TLDR at the bottom too because this is gonna be pretty long. So one night, I was in the mood to masturbate because what else do teenagers do. However, I decided that jerking off in the traditional way was too boring. It's to basic. No, I had to get creative with it. So I sat down and started brainstorming and after some time I had a genius idea. I was gonna MacGyver a giant fleshlight.

In my mind, this idea was way too good to pass up, so I began construction immediately. I took two pillows off of my bed,  put them on top of one another on the floor. I knew that I wasn't going to be able to use this like a regular fleshlight because if I held the pillows and fucked them that way there wouldn't be any pressure on my dick. Removing the entire point of this thing. **Pleasure**. 

When I put the pillows on the floor, I was trying to slide my dick into the space where the two pillows met. I noticed two things here. Firstly, the pillows cases on these pillows were too rough and secondly fucking the pillows on the floor placed them directly under me and when I thrusted my peehole would open because I have a parabola dick and that hurt like a bitch because my mushroom tip rubbed against the top pillow. To solve that problem, I figured that moving the pillows up to dick level would fix the issue because that way I could just slide it in. Sure my peehole might still open but at least I'd be able to work around it that way. So, I put my laundry basket underneath the pillows and that solved the problem. Now I could fuck the pillows doggystyle. To solve the second problem I put a dashiki that my mom gave me as a gift in between the pillows and opened the bottom of the shirt and wrapped it around the opening. That way when I slid in my dick would be inside the shirt. This solved that problem because the dashiki was made of silk.

This thing was coming along nicely. If I slid into it and used my thumbs to press down on the pillows so that they would wrap around my peter it actually felt pretty good. However, I didn't want to press my thumbs down on it so I wrapped a belt around the entry space. Btw this turned out to be useless because I still had to press down. 

I feel like my description of this might be oyster shit so recreated the thing with some different materials. The link for that will be under the TL;DR.

My creation was complete. Now it was doggy time. I really wanted to make love to these pillows so I took all my clothes off so it could feel more intimate. Here's where I fucked up. Normally, I would lock the door when I was doing weird shit like this, but in this case I figured that I was gonna be quick so I didn't do it.

I found some porn, placed the laptop next to my bed so that it would be at eye level, got down on my knees, and started fucking.

I was really getting into this thing like I was sweating and shit. I immediately regretted everything when my door burst open. Turns out my mom was doing laundry downstairs, and she decided to be kind and bring my clothes upstairs so that I could put them away. This is the first time she'd EVER done this. And needless to say she never did it again. My mom opened the door to see her naked son fucking pillows from his bed while a video of Mei from Overwatch getting plowed by Coach from Left For Dead played on his laptop. She tossed me my clothes and promptly closed the door. 

I sat there on my floor naked, and just fucking hating myself. I regretted everything that led to that moment. When she finally did confront me about what she saw she only talked about the porn. She said something along the lines of, "When did you start watching porn?" And I said some dumb shit like "well you know boys will be boys hurhurhur." Since then she hasn't said anything about it, but I KNOW this will pop up again because that's just how she is. At the time, this was mortifying but I find it pretty funny these days.

Oh and btw even after she walked in I still finished. Too much work went into that to not finish in it. I had to throw that dashiki away.

**TL;DR:** I MacGyvered a giant fleshlight using pillows and my mom caught me fucking it. She hasn't said anything about it since but I'm certain that she'll bring it up again.

Link to the recreation of the giant fleshlight: https://imgur.com/a/Y8EVe3r

EDIT: So in the beginning of this post I said that this happened quite a while ago and when I was 17. Some people may be confused by the "quite a while ago" part. That's just poor wording on my part. I'm a 2000s baby. Overwatch came out in 2016. I'm 19 now. I'll let y'all do the math on that./nSo I work for a cable provider taking calls for tech support. During my day, I get two 15 minute breaks and a half hour break. This all started about 30 minutes ago, and is still a very active situation.

About 15 minutes before my break, I felt the feeling in the pit if my stomach that I needed to relieve my self. Looking at the time, I realized I was close enough to my break to not worry about it. 5 minutes later I began to worry, as the feeling turned from a tingle to slight pain. Looking back at the time, I was unsure if I would make it. Fast forward to the final 5 minutes before my break and I started to feel like I would barely make it. Standing seemed to help a lot for some reason, so I paced in front of my desk while finishing my last call. That actually made me feel much better and almost relieved the pain entirely. Once the call was over, I clocked out for my break and headed for the restroom.
This is where the fuckup really begins.

I walk into the restroom, pulled my pants down and my phone out, and sat down on the toilet. I began browsing reddit, minding the clock as to not be late from my break. Reading through some TIFU posts and laughing at some of you idiots always helps me pass the time. After a few minutes I realized I should head back. I pulled up my pants and walked back to my desk. I only made it about 45 seconds into my first call after the break before that all too familiar pain returned. Thats when it hit me. I forgot to poop. I am currently pacing in front of my desk,  sweat forming at the top of my head, clenching my cheeks as I am typing this on my phone, waiting for my customers equipment to reset. The countdown begins.

TL:DR: had to poop really bad while at work, went to restroom and forgot to poop, now I may shit my pants.

Edit:Update: After what was almost an hour long call, I put my phone in "personal" time and ran to the bathroom, barely made it to the seat, and had a glorious bowel evacuation. Thank you all for reading and laughing at my situation. :)

Edit: the letter A

Edit: GOLD? Who knew forgetting to poop would create reddit gold! Thanks stranger! /nThis actually happened several years ago. We had a problem with the scrubber on an hydrochloric acid (HCl) tank. The scrubber neutralizes fumes from the tank to allow expansion within the tank without leaking HCl fumes. For some reason it would go bad after 2-3 days and had to be replaced. The consequence was an acid cloud that would sink to the nearby road.

The person responsible was our health and safety manager, who for some reason would not fix it. He was not local, but would visit the plant once a month or so. The guys knew to stay away from the tank, but one day the wind was right and it blew the cloud to a more active area. One of the guys said it was like those gaseous clouds in Star Trek trying to chase him down.

So I confronted the health and safety manager, said someone would get hurt if they didn't fix it. He told me he'd fix it when he got to it so I told him I'd talk to his boss. He was 6'6, maybe 275# heavy weight lifter and an academy graduate, so he wasn't used to people threatening him in any manner. He got really mad but he did finally bring in an engineering firm to fix the problem. We fixed the scrubber again in the morning that they arrived, he asked me to show them the scrubber.

So I went to the walkway above the tanks, opened the door above the hydrochloric tank and stepped out. My lungs instantly froze when I began to breathe in the fumes. I turned around to waved my hands to try and stop the health and safety manager from going out since I couldn't talk as my lungs had seized, but he tried to go around me. I put my hands on his chest to try and stop him and he starts pushing me like I was trying to pick a fight. So I let him step out and stopped the 2 engineers from going out, who looked confused as to what was happening.

I'm bent over, wondering if this is how I die and the health and safety manager comes back in. He's right across from me with a scared look on his face, watching me. My lungs started to work after maybe a minute so I got behind him and patted him on the back to try and get his to work as well. Which they do and we both are coughing. I told him that was why I was so concerned about the situation. He gets a look on his face like he came to a realization and said oh, you were trying to stop me from going out there. I pointed out, did he really think I'd suddenly turn around and start a fight?

tl;dr Safety feature on an acid tank failed and I stepped into an acid cloud. Lungs seized for a while.

EDIT: Wow, more than doubled my post karma. I should do one about the time I almost died from breathing cyanide next :p.

EDIT 2: Thank you to whoever gave me gold, my first ever.

To the people who think I made this up, if I was the sort that made up stuff to gain karma I would have reposted something from the front page before now. I only had 23 karma going into this, and have been a reddit user for several years./n