So this happened a few days ago and I’m still not sure I’m 100% ready to tell the story but here goes.

I’ve been with my girlfriend for about a year and I already know she is the love of my life. She’s perfect for me. We’re perfect for eachother. We’re getting ready to move in with eachother and I want nothing more than to start a family with her and spend the rest of my life with her.

We went on a short vacation last week and when we returned she gave me her phone to look at some photos from the trip. 

She went to the bathroom while I had her phone, and as I was scrolling through the pictures it kind of jumped to a period that was about a year and a half ago. If you have an iPhone you know what I’m talking about, you scroll a little bit too fast and all of a sudden you’re back at the start of the photo album. It’s annoying as hell.

But some photos caught my eye. Some photos that I really shouldn’t be seeing, of her and a previous boyfriend.

There she is, the love of my life, TRYING to get her mouth around the biggest dick I’ve ever seen in my life. I’ve watched porn - a lot. I’ve never seen a dick like this. I’m talking bigger than 2 coke cans stacked on top of eachother. Longer and thicker. As far as I could tell she was unable to get her teeth around it.

I could see another thumbnail of her comparing the size of his dick to her forearm with a look of wonder and glee on her face.

I closed the pictures and I’ve acted like nothing has happened, but I cannot get these images out of my mind. I’ve never been self-conscious about my dick size - in fact if you believe the stats I’m significantly above average, but this has destroyed my self esteem.

We haven’t had sex since. I can’t concentrate on my work. I just wish I had never seen those damn pictures.

TL;DR accidentally saw some pictures of the love of my life sucking the biggest dick on earth and my stupid male ego is destroyed

UPDATE: There’s a lot of people assuming that this was a one-night-stand. It wasn’t. She was with this guy for 3 years.